THE

Statutes at Harge,

FROM THE

Firft Year of Q^Mary,

TO THE

Thirty-fifth Year of ELIZABETH, inclufivej

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, E%

it-'..*'

THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

Firft Year of Queen Mary,

TO THE

Thirty-fifth Year of Queen ELIZABETH, inclufivre.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. VI.

i By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq; Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Croft-Keys, oppofite St.Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1763.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all fuch A&s as are extant in print, from the Firft Year of Queen Mary, to the Thirty-fifth of Queen Elizabeth, both inclufiv^.

Anno i Maria.'

Cap. i. For repealing certain treasons, felonies, and rramunire.

Private ABs. .

Anno r Maria.

1.	An a& for the reftitution in blood v of the lady Gartred Courtney, late

wife of Henry Courtney, late lord marquis of Exeter.

2.	An a<5t for the reftitution in blood of Sir Edward Courtney, knight, earl of Devon.

Anno i Mariayfejf. 2.

Cap. 1. For declaring the Qpeen’s highnefs to have been bom in a moft juft and lawful matrimony; and aJfo repealing all a&s of parliament, and fentences of divorcer, had and made to the contrary.

Cap. 2. For the repeal of certain Jtatutes made in the time of the reign of King Edward the Sixth.

Cap. 3. Againft offenders of preach* era apd other minifters in the church.

Cap. 4. Touching .writings, made trom the fixth day of July laft jpaft, and before the firft day. of Auguji then next enfuing.

Cap. 5. For the limitation of prescription in certain cafes.

Cap. 6. Againft counterfeiting of ftrange coins, being current within this realm, or of the Queen’s high-nefs fign manual, fignet, or privy feal, to be adjudged high treafon. Vol. VI.

Cap. 7* Touching proclamations up* on fines*

Cap. 8. That fheriffs (hall not be juftices of peace during that ofiioe.

, Cap. 9. Touching the corporation of the phyficians in Londom •Cap. io. For the uniting, difiblving, or new ere&ing of courts.

Cap. ii. For the fale of hats and caps made beyond the fea.

Cap. 12. Againft Unlawful and rer bellious auemblies.

Cap. ij> For the continuance .of certam ftatute9.

Cap. 24. For the continuance of a ftatute made for the reparation of gaols.

Cap. 1Ci For the re-edifying of the parim church of Saint- Elens in Stainegalemxhm the city of York. Cap. 16. For the confirmation of the attainder of John late duke of Northumberland* and otherrr * -Cap. 17. For the releafe of the laft lubfidy of the teittporalty:

Cap* 18. For a lubfidy of tunnage and poundage of divers merchandizes.

Private ABs.

Anno, 1 Maria 2. t. An a& for the reftitution in blood of Sir Thomas Howard, knight, otherwife called Thomas Howard cad of Surry..

2.	An a# for the reftitution in blood of Sir Edward Seymor, knight, el-deft fonbf the late duke of Somerfety . born of the lady Anne his laft wife. ‘3. An aift for the incorporation of a	#	*

%

A TABLE of the

the warden and fcholars of Merton* college in Oxford.

4,	An adt for the refutation in Ho$d of the heirs of fitnry Pool, late lord Montague.

An adt far the fdtitafkm in blood of Sir M&maduke ConfioMe^ knight.

6\ An adt for the restitution in blood of Thomas Stdfthope, efqtrire.

7. An adt for the reftitution in blood of Matbm ArundeU, Squire.

6. An adt for keeping the cctonty-dajrs in Cardigtyfbite. .•

9.	An a ft for the refutation in blood of the heirs of Sir Miles Partridge, knight.

to. An adt to make free denkten* the wives and children of Riebatd Baffin, Thomas Brown, and John Bradley, bom beyond the feas. tt. An a<ft for the reparation of Sherborne cawfey, ti* An adt repealing a ftatute made in the fifth year 6f King Edward the Sixth, touching the approving the marriage between the marquis of Northampton and the lady Eli-xnbah his arfft, and for the legitimation of their children.

*3. An adt declaring the attainder of the-duke Of Norfolk.

.1- mmmi ..A ■ 1 ■ I fl .... .

Antis 1 Maria, fejf. 3.

Gap. For dedaring that the tergal power of this realm is in the Queen’s majefty as fully and ab- * folutely as ever it was in any of her moft riobfc progenitors, Kings of this realm.

Cap. 2. Touching the articles ,of the Queers highrtels moft hobfe marriage.

Gap’. 3. For the repeal of twofeveral' adts made in the feventh yeir of. King Edward the Sixth, touching the di flotation of the biftVopridk of Durham.

. Gap. 4. For the eftebliftiing of the office of the lord fteward of the

statutes;

Queen’s moft honourable hou£ ^ hold.

Cap. 5. For the continuance of a ftattrte made for the repairing of Sherborne caufey.

Cap* 6. For the repairing of a ttfu&y betwixt Brijtol and Ghucefler.

Cap. 7. Touching ek>th-making in Corporate foWris and market-towns.

Cap. 8. Touching the buying and curryingof leather.

Cap. 9. Touching ordinances and rules in Cathedral churches and fchOols.

Cap. 10. For the repealing of a ftatute made for the uniting of the parifh churches of Onger and Greenjleed in the county of EJen.	- • \ .

Capvii. Touching the fea~fand$ in Giamofganjbirf*

Cap. 12. For the continuation of certain ftatates.

Private Aft*.

'Amo 1 Maria, fif. p

1.	An adt for the reftitution in blood of Sir tPiUiam Part, knight, marquis of Northampton.

2.	An adt for the affarance of the manor of Gaywoed and Ryftng, in the county of Norfolk, to the earl of Surry.

$ An adt for the ratifying of the eftate of dame Lutye Clifford m the maftOr of -BkrJlOn Hatogbe.

Arimt® xPh.tt Mar.

Cap. 1. Touching letters patents and other Writings to be flgned by tne (^eenVmajefty/

Cap; 2. For the reformation of ex-cefs in apparel.

Cap! 3. Againft fedltious words and rumours.

Cap^. For the pttnlffvment ofeer-. tain ^erfons calling themffclves ■ Egyptians.

Cap. 5. To fCffrain carrying of corn, vidWalWnd wood over thfe fea.

Cap. 6.

A TABLE of the STATUTES’.

£ap. fi. for'the reviving of three fta, tutes made for the pnniftunent of herefies.

Cap. 7. That perfons dwelling in the country fhall not fell divers wares* in cities and towns corporate, by retail. ■

Cap. 8. For repealing all ftatutes,*

- articles and provifions made againft the fee apoftolick of Rome, fines the twentieth year of King Henry die Eighth; and alfo for e&ablifhment of ah Ipiritual and eodefiafttaal poU-feffions and hereditaments conveyed to the laity.

Cap. 9. for the pnnifhijtent of trai-terous woyds againft the Queen’s majefty.	•

Cap. jo- That certain offences be .made treafoas j and alfo for the government of t^ie King and Qpeen’s msjefties iftwes.

Cap. 11. For the puojfjhment of bringing in of counterfeit 00m of foreign realms, being current within this realm, ;	2

Cap. 12. For the impounding of . diftreifesy Cap. 13. Touching the bailment of prifoners by juftices of peace.

Cap. 14. For the making of ruflipl fottina* fettins reveries, and fuftian of Naples, in Norwich.

Cap. 15. To confirm the liberties of the lord mafcber$ ia Wales.

Cap. 16. For the continuance of Certain ftatutes.

Cap. 17. • Touching’leafes hereafter to be made by certain ipiritual perfons.

Private Apt.

Atm 1 IS 2 ph, {jf Afar.

1.	An a& repeaiag the attainder of the lord cardinal Pivi. •

2.	An aft repealing aU attainders and outlawries had 1 or made againft Richard Patty WtHitm Petevu, Thomas Gcidwelly and others,

3.	An aft to confirm the attainder

of Henry Aoke of Sufiffty John Grff, Thornes Gray, 7Trnmet Wyatt*J^es Croft y Peter QattW* ftthort Hmey, ; Henry Jfley, knights, and WPX others.

4.	An adt feff the pairing and annex# ing of the whole town or hamlet of Bucbutt to the county of Salop.

4nho ity 3 Ph- & Afar.

Cap> 1. For tbe^wiilying ofcaftlep and forts, and for the mclofing of gftwmdf, upon th* borders towards

Scotland.

■Cap. a. For the re-edifying of decayr ed houfes of hufbandry, arid for .the increafe ofrillagt.

Cap. 3. For keeping of milch kine, and for the breeding and rearing qf selves.

Cap. 4. For the extinguishment of the firft-fruits, and touching order and difpofition .of the tenths of fpiritual and ecclefiaftical promotions, and of re&orjes and perfo-nages impropriate, remaining in fhe Queen’s majefty’s hands.

Cap. c. For the relict of the poor.

Cap. 0. Againft the exc$fTive taking of the King and Queen’s majefties purveyors.'

Cap. 7. Againft the buying of ftofen horfo.

Cap. 8. For the mending of highways.

Cap. 9. To make void divers licences of houfes, wherein unlawful games be ufed<

-Cap. to. To take elimination pf prifoners fufpe&ed of any man-flSughter or felony.

Cap. 11. Tombing weavers.

Cap. 121 For the viewing and fed-, tog- of cloths, commonly called Bridgmtors. ...

Cap. 13. For the inhabitants of MMjcucy touching the buying pf woofs.	;

Capr 14. For the re-edifying ,of fopr mills near to the	pf Hertford.

a 2	Cap.	15.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 15. That the purveyors (hall not take viftuals within five miles. of Cambridge and Oxford.

Cap. r6. Touching watermen and bargemen upon the river of Thames.

Cap. 17. To take away the benefit of clergy from Bemet Smith, for' the murther of Ruffcrd'.

Cap. 18. Touching commiffions of peace and gaol-delivery in towns corporate, hot being counties.

Cap. 19. Touching the powdike in Marjhlaftd.

Cap. 20. For the inlaiging of the

• duchy of Lancafier.

Cap. 21. For the continuation of cen-tain ftatiites.

Cap. 22. For the confirmation of a lubfidy granted by the clergy.

Cap. 23. For a fubfidy granted to the King and Queen’s majefties by the temporalty.

Private Aids.

Anno 2	3	Ph.	tsf	Mar.	.

1.	An aft whereby the duke of Norfolk y by the advice of the lord chancellor of England, the earl of Arundelly ‘and the bifhop of Ely* may make Tales ahd grants of his lands, &c. notwithftandihg his minority.

2.	An aft whereby the heirs of Sir Edward Nevill, knight, are reftor-ed to. the remainder of the barony of Burgaventiy.

Anno 4 £sf 5 Ph. fef Mar.

Cap. t. For the confirmation of letters patents.

Cap. 2. For the having of horfe, armour and weapon.

Cap. 3. For the taking of mufters.

Cap. 4. TK&t accefiaries in murder and divers felonies (hall not have the benefit of clergy. * .

Cap. 5. Touching- the making of woolen cloths.

Cap’. 6: For itufUiry'of the behaviour of FrtnebmM?b*u\g denizens.

Cap. 7. To make up the jury with Circumfantlbusy. where the King and Queen, or the Queen’s ma-

, Jefly is a party.

Cap. 8. For the puni(hment of fuch is (hall take away maidens that be inheritors, being within the age of fixteen years, or that marry them; without the content of their parents.

Cap. 9. For the continuation of certain ftatutes.

Cap. 10. For the confirmation of the lubfidy of the clergy.

Cap. 11. A fubfidy and ohe fifteen granted by the temporalty.

Private Alls.

Anno 4 {if 5 Ph. &T Mar.

1.	An aft for the aifurance of the honour of Rayley to the Queen’s majefty; and for ailiirance of divers other lands in the county of Effix in lieu thereof to Richard lord Rich.

2.	An aft for the aflurance of the countefs of Sujfex?s jointure.

3.	An aft for. the reftitution in blood of Sir Ambrofe Dudley and Sir Robert Dudley, knights.

4.	An aft for the foundation of an

* • hofpital at Stoke Puges in the county of Buckingham.

5.	An aft for the payment of tithes in the county of Coventry.

Anna 1 Elizabeth*.

Cap. 1. For. reftoring .to the crown the ancient jurifdiftion oyer .the (late eccleiiaftical and fpiritual, and abolUhing all foreign power repugnant to the fame.

Cap. 2. FoJ- the uniformity of com-• mon prayer and fervice in the church, and the adminiftration of the facraments.

Cap. 3.. For recognition of the . Qpeen’s highnefe title to the imperial crown of this realm.

Cap. 4. For .the reftitution of the .	2	firft-

A TABLE.of the STATUTES.

firft-fruits and tenths, and Tents reierved nomine decima, and of par-ionages impregnate, to the ijn-' penal crown of this realm.

Cap. 5. Certain offences made treafon. Cap. 6. For the explanation of the . ftatute of feditious words and rumours.

Cap. 7. To revive a ftatute made in the twenty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, touching the conveying • of horfes, geld-• ings, and mares into Scotland.

Cap. 8. Touching fhoemakers and curriers^	*	'

Cap. 9. Touching tanners, and felling of tanned leather.

Cap. 10. That the carrying of leather, tallow or raw hides, out of the realm for merchandize, fhall be felony.

Cap. ii. For limiting the times for laying on land merchandize from> beyond the ieas, and touching cuf-toms for fweet wines.

Cap. ra. Againft. the deceitful ufing of linen cloth.

Cap. 13. For the (hipping in Englijk bottoms.

Cap. 14. For the continuance of the making of woolen cloth in divers towns m the county of EJfex. * Cap. 15. That timber (hall not be felled to make cpals for the burning of iron.

Cap. i 6. To continue the alt made againft rebellious aficmblies.

Cap. 17. For the' prefervatkm of fpawn and fry of fifh.

Cap. 18. For the continuance of certain ftatutes. •	,	■	•

Cap. 19. An alt reft Gaining biihops from making leafes for above twenty-one years, and giving authority to the Queen to take certain of their temporal pofleflions.

Cap. 20. A fubfidy of tonniage and pqundagp.

Cap. 21. A fubfidy, and two fifteens and tenth, granted by the tempq?‘ . poralty.	^	.	.

Cap. 22. Fpr giying authority to the Queen to make ordinances in collegiate churches and fchools,

* Private Ails.

Amo 1 Elizabeth*.

1.	An aft whereby the Queen’s high-nefs is reftored m blood to the late Qpeen Amey her Highneft’s roo-

-	rher.

2.	An alt for the reftitutibn in blood

of the lord John Graye.	*

3.	An alt for the reftitution in Hood

« of Sir James Crofts*, knight.

4.	- An alt for the reftitution in blood of Sir Henry Gates, knight.

5.	An alt for the affurance of certain

-	manors, lands and tenements, formerly parcel of the pofleflions of

; the bifhoprick of Londonr to the lord Wentworth, the lord Riche* and the lord Darcy.

6.	An alt that Garfomc Wroth* bom in Germany, fhall be taken and reputed the Queen’s natural born fubjelt.

7.	An alt that the manors, lands and tenements, which Thomas Browne. and George Browne are feifed of in fee-fimpie or fee-tail in the county of Kent* which are of the tenure and nature of gavelkind, fhall from

■ • henceforth be clearly changed from thatcuftom. 1

8.	An alt for the reftitution in blood of Robert Rud/lony Aquire.

9.	An all declaring the repeal of the

. attainder of the late cardinal Poole x

10.	An alt for the incorporation of

Trinity-Hall in'Cambridge.	/

11.	Art alt for confirmation tffthe marriage between Thomas duke of Norfolk and the lady Margaret, daughter and heir of Thomas lord

• Awdeley, and for confirmation of her jointure.

12.	An alt for the reftitution in blood of the children of Edward Lewkenor, eftjuire.

13.	An alt for the keeping of a mart

. pr fair once a year in the to$vn.of

a 3	Kfagf

A TABLE of the

rams, lartibs, and pther (heep alive.

Cap. 4. To take away the benefit of clergy from certain felonious offender^ ...

Cap. For the avoiding of tedious wits in civil and marine caufes.

Cap. 6. Touching cloth workers, and

•	cloths ready wrought to be (hipped overthe-fea.

Cap. 7. Touching drapers, cottoners and frizers, in the town of Shrews-bury.

Cap. 8. For the repeal of a branch of a ftatute made the thirty-fecond of Henry the Eighth, for the ftature bfhorfes.

Cap. 9. To repeal a branch of a

•	ftatute made anno 23 of Henry the Eighth, touching the prices of barrels and kilderkins.

Cap. 10. For bowyers, and the prices ’ ofbows.

Cap. n. For the true making 'of hats and caps.

Cap. 12. For aulnegers fees in Lan-ca/hire, and for length, breadth, ana weight of cotton^, frizes and rugs. Cap* 13. Concerning fea-marks and mariners.

Cap. 14. Touching tranfporting of tawed leather.

Cap. 15. For preservation of grain. C&p. 16. That in divers counties, there (hall be but one (herifF in one county.

Cap. 17. For confirmation of a fub-fidy granted by the clergy.

Cap. 18. A fifteen and tenth, and fubfidy, granted by the temporalty. Cap. 19. The Queen’s majefty’s free and general pardon.

Cap. 20. For repealing a branch of a ftatute made in the 26th of Hen. 8.

: t. 6,J. 12. for trial of offences in *- Wales-.. .

Private a&s.

Anno 8 Elizabeth#.

1. An aft for the incorporation of the fellow (hip and .fociety of Englijb

STATUTES.

merchants for the difeovery of new	^

trades.

2.	An aft for confirmation of the

♦ Queen’s highnefs letters patents

- ihade for the hoipital of Saint Bartholomew's in Glmcejlcr.

3.	An aft for confirmation of letters patents granted to the merchants adventurers of the city of Brtjlow.

4.	An aft confirming the Queen’s majefty’s letters patents, concerning the making of allum and copperas within this realm and other her Highnefs’s dominions.

5.	An aft for the inning of Phimfjied Marjh 'being furrounded.

6.	An aft for the aflinunce of the countefs of Warwick's jointure.

7.	An aft for the afluranceof the lady Cobham's jointure. .

8.	An aft for afluranceof the jointure v] of the lady Mary Stafford wife of Edward lord Stafford.

9.	An aft to. make John Stafford a free denizen, being bom beyond the feas.

10.	An aft to alter the nature of gavelkind in the lands of Thomas Brown, efquire.

11.	An aft for the town clerk of . York.

12.	An aft for the paving of Kentijb-

Jlreet in Southward	j

13.	An aft for the making of fait within the Queen’s majefty's dominions.

14.	An aft for keeping a market upon Thurfdays at Battel in the coun-

: ty of Suffer.

Anno 13 Elizabethee.

Cap. 1. Certain offences made trea-fon.

Cap. 2. Againft the bringing Jn, and putting in execution, of bulls and other inftruments from the fee of Rome.

Cap. 3. Againft fugitives over the lea.

Gap. 4. That the lands, tenements,

goods.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

goods, and chattels of treafurers, receivers, tellers, &c. (hall be liable to the payment of their debts. Cap. 5. Againft fraudulent deeds, gifts, alienations,

Cap. 6. That the corlftats, and exemplifications of letters patents, (hall be as good and available, as the letters patents themfeives.

Cap. 7. Touching orders for bankrupts.

Cap* 8. Againft ufuty*,	•

Cap. 9, For the commiffion of fewers. Cap. 10. Againft frauds to defeat remedies for dilapidation^.

Cap. 11. For the maintenance of navigation*

Cap. i2. To reform certain dtfor-• ders touching minifters * of the church.

Cap. 13. For theincreafe of tillage* Cap. 14. For the bringing of bow-

ftaves into the realm. .	_.......

Cap. 15: That np hoye or plate (hall crofs the feas.

Cap. 16. The convictions bf T. earl : of Wejhfwilandy and fifty-feven Others attainted of treafon, confirmed. ‘

Cap. 17. That Robert earl oiLeiceJler may found an hofpital.in Warwick, or Kcnelwortby for relief of poor and impotent people*

Cap. 18. For the river Lee, other-wife called Ware river.

Cap. 19. For the making of caps. Cap. 20. Touching leafes of benefices', and other ecclefiaftical livings, with cure.

Cap. 21. That Purveyors may take grain, com, or victuals within five miles of Cambridge and Oxford, in certain cafes.

Cap. 22. To continue the ftatute for divifion of (hires.

Cap. 23. For paving of a ftreet without Aldgate.

Cap. 24. For paving of the town of Ipfwicbi

Cap. 25. For the reviving and con-

tinuance of certain ftatute*.

Cap. 26. For the confirmation of a fubfidy granted by the clergy.

Cap. 27. A fubfidy, and two fifteens . and tenths, granted by the tempo-, ralty..

Cap, 28. The Queen’s highnefs.moft gracious, general arid free pardon. Cap. 29. Concerning, the fevcral incorporations) of the univerfities of . Oxford and Cambridge, and thecofi-firmation of the charters, liberties and privileges granted to either of . them, .. .

Private A8s.

Amo 13 Elizabeth*.

1.	An ad for making the river of • Welland in the county of Lincoln

navigable.

2.	An a d to make a free denizen - Peregrym Bertye born beyond the

feas.

3; An ad for confirmation of a ftatute made anno 5 EUx. touching the bringing in offweet wines into this realm by merchant ftrangers, to be laden *$d difeharged at the town of Southampton.

4.	An aCl for the town of Bri/lowe.

5.	An ad that all ftatutes and recog-

*	nizances acknowledged before the . mayor of the town of LoJhvitbieU

" in Cornwall (hall be of force and ' efteduai in law.

6.	An ad for the aflurance of certain lands to William Skeffington.

. An ad for Morrice Rodney^ efquire.

. An ad tor the reftitution in blood of Sir Thomas Wyatt's children.

9.	An ad for the incorporation and

*	uniting of .Weymouth and Mekombe Regis in the county of Dorfet.

10.	An ad forthe reftitution in blood of Henry Brereton> efquire.

It. An ad for the afiurance of divers manors, lands and tenements to Henry lord Berkley, and the lady Katherine his wife. * *

12. An ad touching John Tyrrell,

*	efquire.	^

*	Anno'

A TABLE af die STATUTES* *

Amp 14 Elizabeth*.

Cap. r. For the punifhment of fqeb as fhali rehellioufly takeor detain, ; or conspire to take or detain, from

•	the Queer*’* majefty, any of her caftles, towers, fortrefles, holds.,

' ftfr.	•'

Cap, 2. Againft fuck as foailcotdpire or pradfeife the enlargement of any

•	prifoner committed for high trea-fnm •

Cap. 3,. Againft the forging and ccooiimfeitmg of foreign xiain, being not current within this realm. Cap. 4. Ta revive affetute made anno prjuio of the QyewaYmajefty’s . reign, inhibiting the carrying of . leather, tallow, *ad raw bide* but of the realm.

Cep. 5. For the puniihment ofvaga* bonds, end for the relief of the poor and impotent.

Cap*	Fee the explanation of a ffa*

•	tu^madeagarnA%itivcs over the , fea*, in the thirteenth year of the

Queen’* majefty’s ragn.

Cap. 7- Agaihft the dectipts ofunT der-colledors of. the tenths and .fubfidiestof the ckrgy. •

Cap. 8« For the avoiding of recoveries foffered by coltufion by tenants for term pi life, and fuch .. ©there.........

Cap. 9. That the tenant and defend?

, ant .may have a Tales de.drcnmfian^ tibusj as well as the demandant or plaintiff.

Cap. 10. To reform the exoeffivc length of kerfics.

Cap. 11. For the continuation, ex-. planation,' perfecting, and enlarging of divers ftatutes.

Cap. ia. For the repeal of . a ftatutc made anno 8 of the Queen’s tna-- jefty’s reign, touching the town of . Bhremfary.

Cap. 13. For the annexing of Hex-bam and Hexhamjhire to the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 14. For the better aflhrance of gifts, grants, &c. made and to be made, to and for the relief of the

, poor in tht itof^als'.m aafl near unto the city of London, of Chrifls, BridowoU, and St. Thomas die . apoftla

Private Aft$.

Anno 14 Elizabeth*.

1. An for die eonrionaner of a . .fyWLt* made for tbeifinjng of Plumped Marfa in the county of Kent,, being fomrendtd.

4». An 2&Jbt the better and further . aflumnee of lands given tp the maintenance of th$ free grammar . frfcpal fo Twbridg* in the. county of Kent. .

3.	An atft for tfee aflurance of cerr fain lands and tenements amud-ing to the meaning of Sir Thomas W<#dboufe9 knight, for fjh$ benefit - pf eertata infants.

Anno 18 klizabtt&a.

Cap. 1. * Againft the diminilhing a^d impairing of the Queen’s majefiy’s coin, and other coins lawfully current within the realm.

Cap. 2. Ffo confirmation, as weiioF aU grants made to the Queen’s aqajrny, as of letters patents made by her Majefty to others.

Cap. 3. For fetting of the poor on work, and for avoiding of idfenefs. Cap. 4. For avoiding of frauds m • certain conveyances and afibranees - made by Ithp late rebels ia the

* north.

Cap. 5. To redfdsdifordersin eom-' mon informers upon penal laws. Cap. $. For the maintenance of the colleges in both the universities, " and &lfo in Wimheper and Eaton, Cap. 7. To take away clergy from the offenders in rape and burglary; and an order for the delivery of clerks convict, without purgation. Cap. 8. For the appointingand authorizing of juftiees of afiees in fhe lhires of IVales,

Cap. 9. A^ainft the tranfporting of

IcMheTj

A YABLE of die STATUTES.

leather, tallow, and raw hides, out of the realm.

Cap. io. Additions onto the former sfts, for' the amending and fe-. pairing of highways,

Gap.-1 r.. For explanation of the fta-tutes, intituled, ‘Again# the defeating r vf dikpiiatiens, and againjt letfii t* * / it made tf jfriritwl ptomotiensy in ' fotne refpedh.

Cap. 12. For the trial of Nifi prfus it} the codnty hf MMdUftk.

Cap. 13. Concerning offices found within the counties palatines.

Cap. 14. For reformation of jeofails. Cap- *5« For reformation of abufos to gnldft»ltfi6. ' .

Cap- 16. For the to^station of certain - cldthim in the counties of Somerfet, and Gtttutfttfi to inhabit ' nut of tow n* corporate,

/Cap. ty. For tM perpetual (nainfor '• narice of Rickefler bridge.

Cap. t 8. For the repairing of Ghtp-' Jlstoe bridge.

Cap. 19. For the paving of the Sky ' ofGhitbtffoi.

Cap. 20. For thtf repairihg and' a-m ending of the bridges and high-

•	ways hear unto the'city of Qtfetd, Cap. it. For the relief and re-edify-

•	mg of the borough of New tffod-

•	Jieok, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 22. For conformation of a fob?

fidy granted by the clergy.

.Cap. 23. Two fifteens and tenths, and one fubfidy, granted by the temporally.

Cap. 24. The Queen’s majesty's ijnoft free and general pardon. ■

Private jf&s.

Amo 18 Elizabeths.

1.	An aft for Wigjiopts hofpiial a(

■ Lektfttr.

2.	An aft for the hofpiial of Stint

Crojfe near Winchefer.	-	-

3..	An. aft for payment of tythes in Halifax in the county of fori.

4.	An aft for the amtrancB of the pialwt1 of NiivbaM'l6 Thomas eaS of jSjf^lca-dchambeHaine. :	•*

5.	An aft for the ford Vifeeunt Hour* ari of Bjndori, and Henry Reward,

, efquire, and Promts his wife.

6.	Anaft forthfcreftitution in Mood of Henry Norris, knight, lord Neg-

■ rity of Myettt.

7.	An aft that the lady Jane Sibilla Wife to the lord Grayt of ffflteni born beyond the fea, (hall be reputed and taken the Queen'* Aa-

-	ratal fnbjeft,

$. An aft for the better affitrance of

-	certain lands m Nerthamptenjkirt to

-	Chriftephtr Rotten, eiquire, from Sir John Spencer.

9.	An aft for felling diver9 lands for payment of the debts of ffHHom IjUy, eiquire. to. An aft for the aflufanee of c$r-

-	tain lands to Sir John Stivers, knight. • -

it. An aft font certain perfpns born beyond the leas, may be deemed

-	and teputed as freer Engliflt.

%2. Another aft that certain perfon* -r bom bepohd the feis, may be deemed and reputed as meer Eng-

,

19* An. a& for the confirmation of an arbitrament to be made by certain perfons, tovaJhmgsLcontroverfy between Jticfard Huddltfbti? efquire,1 and dame If obeli' PPeymon his wife one ^f, and Frcnms fPej*

: moti gemlifcftaft, oh the other part.

w^,p,	Mi* H> ■ *■	»

1	Elizabeths

Cap, x. For retaining the Qjieen’s majfcfty's fubje6ts in their due obe-

•	dienoe. / '	“

C$p. 2. Agafcft feditious words a^id ; Tumours uttejtd againft the Queen’s ' tnoft eKcdlfeat imjefty.

Cap, 3. For the reformation oferrprs ‘ in Innes and recoveries*

Cap. 4. For fdrtifyiqg of the borders towards Sfotlond* /

Cap. Toudiinr iron-miUs near

*	uhto the city ox-London^ and the

* • river of Thome s?....

Cap* 6*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. For the repairing of Dover haven.,

Cap. 7. For the increafe of mariners, and for maintenance of .the naviga+j tion.

Cap. 8. For* the true melting, mak-; ing, and working.bfwax. : t \ Cap 9-. Fpr.the abpliftimgof certain deceitful fluff uffd; in the. dying of slosh*;

Cap. 10. For prefervatbn of.phea-fanttand partridges*.	; v .

Cap* U* .For the re-edifying of Car-. diJf-\ridge^ M the. County of Glamorgan. “	.

Cap. ra»: For an addition, to a former ■ , a#, madn mm 13,.after Majefty’s reign, for the paving of a .ftreet . without' AJdgaie$ leading to . her . Highnefs ftoreh[oufe$ at the Mtno-ries, and other places.

Gap. 13* .For the inning of Earith zndPlumpfiead mar ft).

Cap. 14. A fubfidy granted by the dergy.	...

Cap. 15. A fubfidy and two fifteens granted Jby the temporalty.

Cap. 16. The Queen’s majefty’s moft ,gptdous, general, .and free pardons

Private Afts.

Anno 23 Elizabetba.

I. An ad for the partition of certain lands between -the coheirs of the lofd Latymer. a.* An aft for the~re*edifying of the town of Cringkfcrd, near the city .of Norwich.

3.	An foV the denization of Walter Coppmger and Sazan Coppinger, Hugh and Simon Bour;eman, William

' Wat fin, and Jamcs,Rickard, Francis, Mary, Margarett, Abigail, and Gertrude Holmes, Thomas Harman, Giles, John, Richard, and Katherine ffughes,.and divers others.

4.	An aft for the perfecting of affu-rances of certain landsgiven for the.' maintenance of a free grammar ichool within the city of Coventry*

5.	Art aft for the eftabtifhment of an agreement between Sir Henry Ne-

. vill, Knight, and dame Anne Gref-•ham, widow,, for the better performing the laft will of Sir Thomas Grejbam, knight, deceafed, and for * the payment of his debts. .

6.	An aft for aflurance of certain . lands to Edward Fyjher •, and for

aflurance of a rent-charge of four ..feore and two pounds ten (hillings^ and other things, to the bifhop of ' Coventry and Litchfield.

7.	An aft for the restitution ill blood / Of Philip earl ofArundell.

8> An. aft pf pardon and reftitution.

in blood of John. Seyntleger and : Dudley Seyntleger.

9.	An aft for the reftitutibn in blood 1 of Anthony Moyne, efquire.

10.	An aft for the better aflurance of . jdivers lands in Chipping NorJon%.

and elfewhere in the county of . Oxford, being parcel of the inheritance of the lord Mamey, to Henry lord Compton.

11.	An aft ratifying a decree and an . award in the chancery, touching . certain copyholders and cuftomary / tenants of the manors of More . Hewnam, Lyndriche, Knighton and . Penfocts, in the county of Worcejler.

12.	An aft that gavelkind lands within the city of Exeter may be inheritable, as lands at the common

: law.

13.	An aft for ratification" of an a-ward made between William Hide of the one part, and William Darrell of the other part.

14.	An aft concerning the hofpital of Ledburye in the county of Hereford.

15.	An order for reverfing of a judgment againft Richard Herbert, Jo-fiph Awbrey, and other?.

Anno 27 Elizabetba.

£ap, 1. For provifion to be made for the furety of the Queen’s majefty’s

molt

A TABLE of die STATUTES.

mOft royal petfon, and the cpn- - whkerwoofen cloths, mkdfe in‘ the tinuance of the realm in peace,	counties of Somerfet, JViltJbire,

Cap, 2. Aeainft jefuits, feminary	Glouctjlery and Oxon9 See.

priefts, and fuch other like difobe- Cap. 18. Concerning making of wool-diemt periods.	en cloths in the counties of De±

Cap. 3. For explanation of the fta-	von and ‘ Cornwall, called Plain

tute made anno 13 of the Queen’s	white ftraights, and Pinned white

majefty’s reign,'intituled. An aft to ftraights.	..

make the lanas, tenements^ goods and Cap. 19. For the prefervation of tim-ebattels of telUrs9 receivers9 &c. liable	ber m the wilds of the counties of

to the payment oftheir debts.	Suffix, Surry and Kent9 and for the,

Cap. 4. Againft covenous and frau-	amendment of highways decayed

dulent conveyances.	'	by carriage to and from iron mills

Cap. 5. For tl^e expedition of juftice there.

in cafes of demurrers and plead- Cap. 20. For the prefervation of the ings.	; haven at Plymouth.

Cap. 6. For the returning of fyfficient Cap. 21. For the prefervation of Or-jurors, and for the better expedi- ford haven. * tion of trials.	Cap. 22. For bringing of the haven

Cap. 7. For the levying of iflues loft . of the city of Chichtfter9 by a new by jurors.	\	cut cbanel, to the fuburbs of the

Cap. 8. For redrefe of erroneous judg- ' fame city.

ments in the .court, commonly .Cap. 23. For cloth-making in the called, the King’s bench. . ' towns of Bdxfteai and Langham in Cap. 9, For reformation of errors in - the county of Effix,

lines and recoveries, in the twelve Cap. 24. For the keeping of the features of Wales, town and county	banks and fea-works in the county

of Haverford-Wejl, with thecoun- . of Norfolk.	*

ties palatine.	Cap. 25. For explanation of the fta-

Cap. 10. For the continuance of a tute for the maintenance of informer ftatute, intituled. An aft to : chejler bridge. redrefs diforders in common informers -Cap. 26. For explaining of the fta-upon penal Jlatutes, made in the . tute for the amending of the liigh-eighteenth year of the .Queen's ways between Middleton and the majefty’s reign.	. King’s Ferry, leading into the ifle

Cap. 11. For the reviving, con- . of Sheppey, in the county of Kent. tinuance, explanation, and per- Cap. 27. For the inning of Earith9 fe&ing of divers ftatutes.	and Phmpftead Morjh.

Cap. 12. For the fwearing of under- Cap. 28. For one fubfidy granted by Iberiffs, and other under-officers

Cap. 13. For the following of hue

and cly.	' temporalty.

Cap. 14. For the.reviving of a former Cap* 30. For the Queen’s majefty’s ftatute, for the true making' of . mod gracious, general, and free malt.	_ pardon.

Cap: 15, For the bringing in of fta-ple-iith and herrings into this .	Private AEU.

realm.	Anno 27 Elizabetha.

Cap, 16: Teaching artificers ufing 1. An a& for confirmation of her Ma-the cutting of leather. ,	jelly’s letters patents tor Queen’s Col-

Cap. 17. Touching the breadth of lege in Oxford.

and minifters.

2. An

i TCAiiLE ofth* $TA.Tt/T££L

*. An ad for confirmation of her Ma-

. jefty’s letters patents unto the mailers, fellows and fcholars aSClare-HaU in Cambridge.

5.	An a ft touching divers afiforances made by the bilbop and dean and chapter of Exeter,

4.	An aft for paving of Newark upon

Trent in Nottingbamjbire.	'■

5.	An ad for refutation of lord Tha-mu Howard.

6.	An ad for paving of New Windfir in Borkjhire.

7.	An aft for the alluring of certain lands to the lord Hun/aon.

8.	An aft for the atfarance of certain

- lands to George Cbowne, efquire,

from Edward Fijber of Warwick.

ey. Ah aft for adoring the manors Of Hemerjbam and Bsjbops Hampton to Sir Thomas Lucy and others.

10.	An aft for alluring of lands to the lord Willoughby of Erifby, from Waiter Erenden and his heirs.

11.	An ad enabling Edward Fifber to foil certain lands for the payment of his debts.

12.	An aft for the alTuranee of certain lands and tenements in

don to Jenos Scott.

13.	An aft for condonation of the ' foundation of the hospital of E*fl-

bridge in Canterbury, wkh ordinances for government thereof, and for the better relief of the poor there.

An aft concerning the lord Deeres, and the lord Norries, and Samffin Leonard, for the peaceable enjoying of lands. .

15.	An aft for the foundation of ChriJT s hojpital in Sherborne within the county palatine of Durham.

16.	An aft for the eltabUlhment of an award made between Robert lord Richoni Thomas Barrington, knight, and their heirs, £sY.

17.	An aft for the good government of the city or borough of Wejltmn-Jier in Middkfix.

18.	An aft for the countefs of Huntingdon's jointure.

19.	An aft for the maintenance of the

6

pier or'cob of Lynne Regis in thd v county of Dorfitt. Quf

'	    1	wSin 11 ■!'	,	j ian jf

date 29 Elizabeth*. ■

Cap. 1. For confirmation of the attainders ai ThaObu, late lord P«gd, dad others.

Cap. 2. Concerning errors in records ■ of attainders of high treafon.

Cap. •3. To avoid fraudulent aflwran- 1 ces made iti certain ,cafa by trai-

*	tore.

Cap. 4. To present 4 riifc, «nder-4Wifie, and b^lUTs of

*	frariehifes Or liberties* in cafes of execution*

Cap. 5. For the continuance and per-- fStAkig of divers ftat«tes< 4 Cap. 6. For the iriore fpeedy and dud execution ofoprtain branches of the	j

ftatute made in the twenty-third -'

*	year of the Queen#s ma}e(W’s reign, intituled, An ait to retain the Queen's majejiy's fi&jefH m their due obedience.-

Cap. 7. Foronefubfidy by the clergy *• Cap. 8. For the grant off one intire ■fobfidy, artdtwo^feeens end tenths, granted by the temporalty.

Cap.9. Forthe(^een?s«w^efty#sttioft ' gracious, general, and free pardori*

‘ Private

Anno 29 Elizabeth#, u An a<9t for canfirrnatiou of, the fale of Edward Eijher'z lands, made J towards ihe XatjsXacftiom of his debt*,	j

charges and incumbrances.	J

2. An a<ft to enableCbarleslard Mount*	|

joy to fell l^nds for the Qjreen’s Xer^ .vice, for payment of his debts and advancement of his .children*	I

Anno 31 Elizabeth**

Cap. r* Againft difcowtkiw&ncee of* writs of error in the courts of exchequer and King’s bench. « ' Cap. 2. For abridging of proclamations upon fines to be levied at the common law.

.Cap* 3. For the avoiding of privy and fecret putlawries of her Majefty’s fiibje&s.

1 Cap. 41

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 4. Againft itnbeztOing of armour, habiliments of war, and tic-toal.

Cap. 5. Concerning inforiners.

C*>. 6. Againft atmfe9 in eledlion of fchohrs, and prefentation to benefices.

Cap. j. Againft ereCUng and maintaining of cottages.

Cap. ft. For the true gauging of vef-fek brought from beyond the Teas, converted by brewers for the utterance and fide of ale and beet.

Cap. 9. For,writs upon proclamations and exigents, to be current within the county palatine of Durham.

Cap. to. For the continuance and perfeAing of divers-ftatutes.

Cap. 11. for explanation or declaration of the ftattute of offavo Regis Henrici Sexti, concerning forcible entries, the hadrdhnents thereupon found.

Cap. 12. To. avoid horfe-ftealmg.

Cap: 13. For reviving and enlarging

' of a ftatute made m the twenty-third year of her hfajefty’-s reign, for repairing of Dover haven.

Cap. 14. For confirmation of the fub-fidies of the clergy.

Cap. 15. For the granting of four fifteens and tenths, and two entire fubfidies, to our moft gracious fo-vereign.lady the Queen’s moft excellent majefty.

Cap. 16. For the Queen’s majefty's moft gracious, general, and -free pardon.

Private A&&.

■Aflno 31 Mxaieth*.

1..	An adl for tpe prefervatiori of the haven of Orforft.

2.	An adt for (he naturalizing of the daughter of Ralph Effing, 'gentleman, wife of Richard Lambert.

3.	An a<5t for the aflinrance of the jointure of Ann* the wife of-■Nevill.

4.	An aft concerning the almlhoufe at Lamberne in Berhjhire.

5.	Art aft for the relief of the city of ' Lincoln,

6.	An a<ft for the file of Thomas Hand-' foris-lands, towards the payment

of his debts.

7.	An adt for foe avoiding of certain conveyances, and other eftates, fiip-

'' pofctf to be procured by Thomas Drury, of foe lands of Thomas Hajle-

ft. An adt for the better a durance of lands' and tenements for foe xnain-' . tenance of the grammar fehbol at • Cambridge.

Anno 35 Elizabeth*.

Cap. 1. For retaining foeQueen’Stna-jefty’s fobjedts in their due obedience.

Cap. 2. For the reftraining of popifo recufants to fome certain places of abode.

Cap. 3. For explanation of a ftatute made in the thirty-fourth year of King Henry the Eighth, as well touching grants made to his Majefty, as for confirmation of letters patents made "by his Highnefs to others.

Cap. 4. ForthenecefBry rdief'offol-diers and mariners.

Cap. 5. For explanation and- confirmation of the Queen’s majefty’s title to the lands and tenements, late Sir Francis Englefield,s,\n\ght, attainted of high treafon.

Cap. 6. Againft converting of great houfes into feveral tenements, and for reftraint of inmates arid inclo-firres, in and near about the city of London and Wefbninflir.

Cap! 7. For the reviving, continuance, explanation and perfedting of diVers ftatutes.

Cap. 8. For the avoiding of deceit ufed in making and felling of twice laid cordage, and for the better pre-ferving of the navy of this realm.

Cap. 9. Touching the breadth of plunkets, azures and blues, and

other

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

other coloured cloths* made within the county of Somer/et, and clfe-where of like making.

.Cap. io. For the refonnation of fun-dry abufes in cloths, called De-vonfbire kerfies ot dozens, according to a proclamation of the. thirty-fourth year of the QueeaVmajefty’s reign.

Cap. ii. For the bringing in'of clapboard iirom the parts of beyond the feas, and the reftraining of transporting of wine calks, for the Sparing and preferving of timber within this realm.

Cap. 12. For confirmation of the fub-fidies of the clergy.

Cap. 13. For the grant of three intire fubfldies, and fix fifteens and tenth, granted by the temporally.

Cap. 14. For the Queen’s majefty’s ihdft gracious, free, and general pardon.

Private ARs. v Anno 35 Elizabeth'#.

i; An aft for the confirmation of letters patents to the mayor, fheriffs, citizens and commonalty of the ci-ty of Lincoln,

2; An ad that the late fcite of the dif-folved houfe of the Gray Fryers in or ntm,Cambridge mzy be fold, or lett in tee-farmfc, or otherwife, for the erection of a new college in the * urifaerfity of Cambridge.

3.	An. aft for thp better aflurance of the jointure of the la(dy Margaret countefs of Cumberland\

4.	An ad concerning the lands of Henry late lord Abergavenny deceafed.

5.	An ad to enable William lord Vauxe ldrd Harrowden, to fell Certain manors, for payment of his

End of the

. debts, and for advancement of his v daughters.

6.	An ad for reftitution in blood of Sir Thomas; Perrott.

7.	Anadfor the naturalizing and

. making free of William Sidney, eld-

eft foil of Sir Robert Sidney, knight, governor of Uk/bing, and dame Barbara his wife j and of Peregrine

. Wingfield, fon and heir of Sir John Wingfield, and dame Suzan coun-

\ tefs of Kent his wife.

8.	An ad to confirm the fale of certain manors, lands and tenements made by Sir Richard Knigbtley, knight, Valentine Knigbtley, and

; Edward Knigbtley, efquires, unto Charles Hales, efq; Thomas Brickett, John Lambert, gent, and others.

9.	An ad concerning the aflurance

of certain lands and tenements to ] Read Stafford, efquire, and Mabell his wife, and to the heirs of the faid Reade.	!

10.	An ad for the bringing in of a frefti ftream into the town of Stone-howfe in the county of Devon.

11. An ad that Lifle Cave, Thomas	|

• Andrews, and Edmond Hafleridg,	' {hall enjoy certain lands which were

-	* the lands of William Raven, gentle-

man, fervant to Robert Taylor, one of her Majefty’s tellers in the receipt of her exchequer, towards the fatisfadion of fome debts due

-	to her Majefty.

12.	An ad touching power and liberty to repeal cfertkin ufes of a deed tripartite herein mentioned, of and in the fnanofs* lands and tenements of Anthtny Cook of Rumfordj

•	efquire. .....

13.	An ad for the naturalizing of

•	certain Englijbmens children bora beyond the feas.

TABLE,.................

THE

' STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno primo MARIM, feflio prima.

ACTS made in the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter the fifth day or OSlober in the ’ firft year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lady Mary, by the grace of God Queen of England, France and Ireland, defender of the faith, and of the church of England, and alfo of Ireland, in earth the fupream head, and there continued to the one and twentieth day of the fame month; that is to fay, in the firft feffion of the fame parliament, as followeth.

CAP. I.

An aft repealing and taking away certain treafons, felonies and cafes of premunire.

FOrafmuch as theftate of every King, ruler and governor of any The Gate of a realm, dominion or commonalty, ftandeth and confifteth more K5ng ajfured by the love and favour of the Jubjefi toward theirfovereign	ojf

ruler and governor, thdm in the dread and fear of laws made with j,{8 fubjeas rigorous pains and extreme funijhment for not obeying of tbeir f§- than in fear of vereign ruler and governor: (2) and laws alfo juJHy made for the laws, frefervation of the commonweal, without extreme punifbment or great penalty, are more often for the moji part obeyed and kept, than laws !	and Jlatutes made with great and extrbne punijbments, and in fpecial

juch laws and jlatutes fo made, whereby not only the ignorant and rude unlearned people, but alfo learned and expert people, minding honefty, are often and many times trapped and fnared, yea many times for words only, withosft other faft or deed done or perpetrated:	* •	•

II.	The Queen's moft excellent Majejly, calling to remembrance that many, as well honourable and noble peifons, as other of good reputation within this her Grace's realm of England, have of late {for words only, without other opinion, faff or died) fufferedfbame-ful death not accuftomed to nobles 5 her Highnefs therefore of her ac~ cuftomei clemency and mercy, minding to avoid and put away the oc~ cafion and caufe of like chances hereafter to enfue, trufting her loving fubjedfs will, for her clemency to them jhewed, love, ferve, and obey her Grace the more heartily andfaithfully, than for dread or fear,of Yql. VI.	B	jpains

Anno primo Marijb, feffio prima. c. i. [1553.

pains tf bodyf is contented and pleafed that the feyerity of fuck like \ extreme, dangerous and painful laws> Jball be aboliJhed> annulled and made fruftrate and void.	,

No aSt or of-	DL Be it therefore ordained and enadted by the Queen our

fence (hall be fovereign lady, with the alTent of the lords fpiritual and tern-treafon, petty poral, and ot the commons, in this prefent parliament affem-treafonormif- bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from henceforth Fuch°asbeU(le- none deed or offence, being by adt of parliament or ftatute dared by the made treafon, petty treafon or mifprifion of treafon, by words, ftat. of %$ writing, ciphering, deeds or otherwife whatfoever, (hall be Ed, 3. ftat. $• taken, had, deemed or adjudged to be high treafon, petty c* a*	treafon or mifprifion of treafon, but only fuch as be declared

and exprefled to be treafon, petty treafon or mifprifion of treafon, in or by the adt of parliament or ftatute made in the xxv. year of the reign of the moft noble King of famous memory. King Edward the Third, touching or concerning treafon or the declarations of treafons, and none other $ (2) nor that any pains of death, penalty or forfeiture in any wife enfue or be to any offender or offenders, for the doing or committing any *	treafon,	petty treafon or mifprifion of treafon, other than fuch

as be in the laid eftatute made in the faid xxv. year of the reign of the laid King Edward the Third, ordained and provided j any adt or.adts of parliament, ftatute or ftatutes, had or made at any time heretofore, or after the faid xxv. year of the reign of the faid late King Edward the Third, or any other declaration or matter to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.. Certain per- IV. Provided always, ana be it ordained and enadted by the ions exempted authority aforefaid, That this adt of parliament, or any thing therein mentioned, (hall not in any wife extend to give any ftatute ltU* manncr of benefit, advantage or commodity to any perfon or perfons, being the laft day of September laft paft arrefted or imprifoned for treafon, petty treafon or mifprifion of treafon, or to any perfon or perfons heretofore being indidted of treafon, petty treafon or mifprifion of treafon, or being outlawed or attainted of treafon, petty, treafon or mifprifion of treafon, before the faid laft day or September laft paft, or being com-' manded to keep his or their houfe or houfes, or other mens * houfes, or otherwife excepted .out of the Queen’s highnefs moft gracious pardon given the day of her coronation,, but that they and every of them, for any the offences before mentioned per-* petrated, committed or done by them or any of them, before the faid laft day of September, (hall fuffer fuch pains of death, Ioffes and forfeitures of lands and goods, as in Cafes of treafon, as though this adt. had never been had ne made; any thing in this adt to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further ordained and enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all offences made felony, or limited or appoint-of ^remunire,c<*t0 ^ within the cafe of premumre, by any adt or adts of par-fince anno ’ liament, ftatute or ftatutes, made fithence the firft day of the 1 H. S. re- firft year of the reign of the late King of famous memory. King pcated* Henry the Eighth, not being felony before, nor within the cafe

of

All offences made felony or in the cafe

2

1

1553 ] Anno primo Marine, fefllo fecunda.. c.i;

' of premunire, and alfo all and every branch, article and claule mentibned or in any wife declared in any of the fame eftatutes, ‘ concerning the makji^g of any offence or offences to bie felony, or within the cafe of premunire, not being felony nor within the cafe of premdnire before, and all pains and forfeitures concerning the fame, or any of them, lhall from henceforth be repealed, and utterly void and-of none effeft.

Anno primo Mariae, fejjio fecunda,

ACTS made in the fecond and laft feffion of tbisprefent.

, parliament, bolden upon prorogation at Weftminlter the four and twentieth day of October in thefirft year of tbe reign of our moft gracious fovereign lady Mary, by tbe grace ofGody Queen of England, Franct, and Ireland, defender of tbe faitby and in earth jupreme bead of tbe church of England and of Ireland, and-there continued to tbe dif-folution of the fame, being tbe Jixtb day of December/&» next enfuingy as followetb.

CAP. I.

An aft declaring the Queen's bigbnefs to have been born in a moft juft and lawful matrimony •, and alfo repealing aU acts of parliament and fentence of divorce bad or made to tbe contrary.

FOrafmuch as truth (being of her own nature of a moft excellent Truth may b* virtue, efficacy, force, ana working) cannot but by procefs of fupprefled for time break out andfheW herfelf, howfoeverfora while Jbe may by tbe atime,buti»ot iniquity andfrailty of man be fuppreffed and kept clofe : and being re-vealed andmanifefted, ought to be embraced, acknowledged, confejfed,	*	•

and profejfed in all cafes, and matters whatfoever, and wbomjdever they touch or concern, without refpeSt of perfons, but in fuch cafes and matters fpecialiy, as whereby the glory and honour of God in ' heaven (who is tbe author of truth, and truth itfelf) is to befpecialiy fet forth, and whereby alfo the honour, dignity, fyrety, ana prefer-vation of tbe prince, and tbe ruler under God in earth, dependeth, and the we fare, profit, and fpecial benefit of tbe miverfal people end body of a realm it to be continued and maintained

II.	fVe your Highnefs moft loving, faithful, and obedient JubjeSls, wderflanding the very truth of theftate of matrimony between the two moft excellent princes of moft worthy memory. King Henry the Eighth and Queen Katherine, his loving, godly, and lawful wifev your Highnefs lawful father and \mother, cannot but think ourfewes moft bounden, both by our duty of allegiance to your Kihjeftyi and of con-fcience towards God, to Jbew Unto your Highnefs, firft, how that tfte fame matrimony, being contrasted, folemnizeq and pmfummeted3 by

B %	fh,t

4	. Anno pritno Marije, fefiio fecunda. c.i. 1*553*

the agreement and ajfent of both fair mojl noble parents,, by the v counfet and advice of the mof wife and grave/l men of both their returns, by the deliberate and mature confederation and confent of the heft and mojl notable men in learnings in thofe days, of Chriftendom, aid even Jo oontinue by the fpace of twenty years and more between them, to the pleafure of Almighty God and fatisfaftion of the worlds the joy and comfort of all the fubjefts of this realm, ana to their own repofe and goodcontentment , God giving for afure token and tejlimofiy of his good acceptation of the fame, not only godly fruity your High-nefs mod noble perfon (whom we befeech the Almighty and everltvfng God, tong to profper and preferue here amongjl us) and other ijfue | alfo, whom it bath pieafed God to take out of ‘ this tranfetory life unto his eternal glory, but alfo fending us a happier, fhurijhing and mojl	j

prosperous commonwealth in all things.

III.	And then afterward, how that the malicious ani perverfe qffeftions of feme (a very few perfons) envying the great felicity, wherein by the goodnefs of God, your faid mojl noble father and mother9 and all their good fubjefts lived and continued in many years, did for their own Jingular glory, and vain reputation conceive fundry fubtil and difioyal practices, for the interruption and breach of the The ground faid moji lawful and godly concord. And travelling to put the fame 'j or caufc of the fa 1*^ devifed firjl to imnuate a feruple into the King your father’s	|

tweerrking confidence, of an unlawful marriage between him, and bis mojl law-Henry the* fitt wife the Queen, your Highnefs mother, pretending for the ground eighth, and thereof, thattbe fame was againjl the word of God. And thereupon Queen Katha- uafed not to perfuadt continually unto the faid King yourfather% that me his wire. kecould not without danger of the Ufa of his foul continue with bis faid mojl lawful wife, but mufl be feparated and divorced from her.

The unlawful ' IV. And to this intent caufed the Jeals, as well of certain univer-ftntence of feties in Italy and France to be gotten (as it were for a tejlimmy) tner Sihop of & c^ruPtun °f tnoney with a few light perfons, fcbolars of the Canterbury, famt nmverfities, as alfo the foals of the univerfities of this realm touching the to be obtained by great travel, fmijier working, fecret threatenings. King’s mar- and entreatings of fame men of authority, fpeciafly font at that time mSc*	thither for the fame purpofes. And how that finally, Thomas Cran-

tner, then newly made archbijhop of Canterbury, mojl ungodly and againjl all Jaws, equity and confcienct, profecuting the fame wicked device of divorce, and feparation ofthe faid King your father, and Queen your mother* called before him (ex officio) the hearing of the fame matter of marriage, and taking his foundation partly upon his own unaivifed judgment of the fcripture, joining therewith the pretended teftimonies of the faid univerfities, and partly upon bare and htojl untrue conjectures, gathered and admitted by him upon matters of no Jlrength and effeft, but only by fuppofal, and without admitting or hearing any thing that could be faid by the Queen your mother, or by any other on her bqhalf, in the abfence of the faid late Queen your mother^ proceeded, pronounced, difcemed, declared, and gave fen- j tencci the fame mojl lawful and undoubted matrimony, to be naught, and to be contracted againjl Go$s law, and of no 'valuer but'lacking the Jlrength j the law: and the faid imjl noble King your father, and ibe jard nome Queen your, mother, fa married togetfar, did foparate

: ^	and

1553*1 Anno primo Marine, feffio fccunda. c. n	$

and divorce* and the fame your moft noble father King Henry the Eighth, and the faid noble Queen year mother* from the Bands of the fame mofl lawful matrimony* did pronounce and declare.* by the fame his unlawful fentence* to he free* difcbargod* and fet at liberty.

V. Irhichfenteme and judgment fa given by unlawful and corrupt The fentence means and ways* by tho faid arcbkftwp ^Canterbury, was- after- ^{j*®** ^ wards upon certain affections ratified and confirmed by two fevered	fi

alls* the one made in the five	twentieth year of the reign of the c> 43U

faid King your Highnefs father* and intituled, An declaring the H.c. y. ftabliftiinent of the iucceflion of the King’s moft royal majefty of the imperial crown of this realm* The other aft of parliament made in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of the faid King your Highnefs father* intituled* An aft for the ftablijhment of the fucceifion of the imperial crown of this realm.

VI.	In the which faid. two efts, was contained the iUegitimatims of your moft noble perfion* which your faid moft noble perfan being bone in fo fdemn a marriage* fo openly approved in the world* and with fa good faith both firfi eontralfed* and alfo by fo many years continued between your moft noble parents* and tho famo marriage in very deed not being prohibited by the law of God* could not by any reafm or equity in this cafe be fa fpottid. And new we your Highnefs faid

mofl loving* faithful* and obedient fubjefts* of a godly heart and true The marriage

meaning* freely and frankly* without fear* fancy* or any other cor- made between

rupt motion orfenfualqffe&ion* eonftdermg that thisforefiddmarriage?2Jmd

had his beginning of God* and by hint was continued* and therefore Katha-

was ever* and is to betaken for a moft true* juft* lawful* and to me was true,

all refpefts* a/mere and perfect marriage* nor could* no ought by any juftandlwfuL

man's power* authority* or jurifaUfien be dijfotved* broken* or fa*

parated* (for whom God joineth* noman can* no ought to put

afunder*) and eonftdermg alfo* how during the fame marriage in

godly concord* the realm in m degrees flourijhed te the glory of God*

the honour of the prime* and the great reputation of the fubjdts of

the fame* and on the other fide underftandhtg mamfeftfy* that the

ground of the faid device and profile* for the find devotee proceeded

firfi ef malice and win glory* and afterward was profrented and

followed of fond affedtion and fenficalfantafie* and finally ottecuiei

and put in ejfefi by corruption* ignorance and factory: and not only pjaeues £nr

feeling to our great farrow* damage and regret* how Jhameful ig- by God upon

mutinies* rebukes* flanders* contempts* yea* what death* pefti- this realm

lence* wars* difobedienee* rebellions* infurreft ions* and divers other |j?hencc the *

great and grievous plagues* God of his jufticahath fent upon'us* ever K^and ^

fithence this ungodly purpofe was firfi begun and praftifad-: but alfi Queen.

feeing evidently before our eyes* that utilefs fo great an injuftice as

this hath been and yet continueth* be redubbed* and that the faid falfie

and wrongful procefs* judgment andfentence* with their dependencies

be repealed and revoked* nothing is lefs to be doubted* than that greater

plagues and flrohes are like to inereafa and continue daily more and

more within this realm: do befiesh your moft excellent Majefty* as well

in refpeft of your own honour* dignity find juft title* as for truth’s

fake* wherewith (we doubt not) but your Highnefs alfo will be fpe-

dally moved in confidence* and alfo for the entire love* favour, and

B 3	affeftion

6	Anno	primo	Marine,	feflio	fecunda.	c.1,2;	[1553*

affiftion* which your 'Majejly beareth to the commonwealth of this realm, and for the goodpeace, unity % and reft'of us your mo ft bounden fubjeftSi and our pofierity, that it may be ena&ed by your High-nefs, with the confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled.

Every, fen-	VII. And be it ena&ed by the authority of this prefent par-

tence or di- liament, That all, and every decree, fentence, and judgment of Kine H1 s.eCa divorce, and feparation between the faid King your father, and and Queen . . the faid late Queen your mother, and all'the procefs commenced, Katharine his followed, given, made, or promujged by the faid Thomas Cran-wife, given mer^ then archbilhop of Canterbury, or by any other perfon or • CranmerW Pcr^ons whatfoever, whereby the fame moft juft, pure, and any other,	lawful marriage, between the faid late King your father, and

(hall be void, the faid late Queen your mother, was, or is pronounced, or in any wife declared to be unlawful, or unjuft, or againft the law of God, be and (hall be from the beginning, and from henceforth of no force, validity, or effedt but be utterly naught, void, fruftrate, and anihilate, to all intents, conftrudtions, and pur-pofes, as. if the fame had never been given or pronounced*

Tht ft. of *5' VIII. And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That as weij the faid adfc of parliament intituled. An aft declaring the repealed.7, *	°f	facejjion	of	the	King’s mojl royal majejly of the

™	*	imperial	crown of this realm> made in the five and twentieth year .

of the reign ofthe King your father, be repealed, and be void, and of none effedt, as alfo all and every fuch claufes, articles,	j

branches, and matters contained and exprefled in the forefaid	I

. adt of parliament, made in the laid eight and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King your father, or in any other adt or adts of parliament, as whereby, your Highnefs is named or declared to be illegitimate, or the faid marriage between the faid King your father, and the faid Queen your mother, is declared to be againft the word of God, or by any means unlawful, (hall The marriage be, and be repealed, and be void, and of no force, nor effedt, between King to all intents, conftrudtions, and purpofes, as if the fame fen-Sf’ 8’ a^d h ^l*ce» or a$s parliament, had never been had ne made, nn^doth ha" And ^at k*d wrriage had and folemnized between your fond with the faid moft noble father King Henry, and your faid moft noble law of God, mother Queen Katharine, (hall be definitively, clearly, and abend fliall be folutely, declared, , deemed, and adjudged to be, and (land with ipeputed good. God’s law, and hi$ moft holy word, and to be accepted, reputed, and taken of gpod effedt and validity to all intents and purpofes,

CAP. II.

A repeal of the ftat. of i Ed. 6. c. i. made againft fuch as (hall fpeak unreverently of the body and blood of Chrift, and of the ftat. of i Ed.

6. c.«. touching the election of bifliops, and the ftat. of i Ed. 6. c. i. concerning the uniformity of fervice, and adminiftration ot the facraraents, and of the ftat. of % Be 3 Ed. 6. c. *j. made to take aw ay all pofitive laws ordained againft the marriage of priefts, and of the ftat. of 3 &4 Ed. 6. c. 10. made for the aooliftiing of divers books r	and	images,	and	the	ftat.	of	3	&	4	Ed. 6*. c. 12. made for the ordering

of cccleTiaftical mmifters. and of the ftat of 5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. x. made

for



1553*1 Anno prime Mari.®, ftlBo lccunda. c.$.

for the uniformity ofCQmmpn prayermd adminiffaratioD of the faenmttf and of* the flat, of 5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. 3. made for the keeping of holy-days and fafting-days, and of the flat, of 5 & 6 Ed. 6. c„ 11. touching the marriage of priefts and legitimation of their children. All fuch divine fervice and adminiftration of facraments as were molt commonly ufed in England in the left year of Hen. S. (hall be ufed through tne realm, after the 10th day of December, Atm Dm. 15(3. and np other kind of feryice nor adminiftration of facraments. 1 £1* f • a. Repealed by 1 Jae. i. c. 15. f. 4S.

CAR III

Ah aS againjt offenders of preach#$ and other minifiers in the church.

*

FOrafmuch as it is mojl neceffury in every chrijlian commonwealth, Thc ^ to provide that tranquility and peace may be preferved and cm-	diftobing

tinned amongft the people, and fpecially in holy church, in the time ofaC preachers divine fervice, and adminiftration of facraments and facramentcds, as andminifters before this time it hath been accuftmed in holy church within this111 church* realm 5 and that all things being contrary thereunto, or that are, or may be in difturbance thereof, may by forefight be efthewfd and avoided, and remedy therefore in due time provided, as well for the prefer-vation of the tpueerts highnefs peace, as for an unherfal qmetnefs find order to be ufed within this realm :

II.	Be it therefore enafted by the Quecn our fovereign lady, Difturbingby the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent word or deed parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame, That^.Prcachcr la if any perfon or perfons of their own power and authority, at ^ any time pr times after the xx day of December next coming, do or (hall willingly and of purpofe, by open and overt word, ' * ’ fad, ad or deed, malicioufly or contemptuously moleft, let, difturb, vex or trouble, or by any other unlawful ways or means difquiet or mifufe any preacher or preachers that now is, or that at any time or times nereafter (hall be, licenced, allowed or authorized to preach by the Queen’s highnefs, or by any archbifhop or bilhop of this realm, or by any other lawful ordinary, or by any of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or otherwife lawfully authorized or charged by reafon of his or their cure, benence, or other fpiritual promotion or charge, in any of his or their open fermon, preaching or collation, that he or they (hall make, declare, preach pr pronounce ii) any church, chapel, church-yard, or in any other place or (laces, ufed, frequented or appointed, pr that hereafter (hall be ufed or appointed to be preached in.

III.	Or if any perfon or perlpns after the laid xx. day of Molefting a * December next coming, (hall malicioufly,' willingly, or of pur*- prieft prepa- . pofe moleft, let, difturb, vex, {lifquiet or otherwife trouble ring.01” ccle-* any parfon, vicar, parilh prieft or curate, or any lawful prieft, for-* preparing, faying, doing, finging, miniftring or celebrating the vjCe. mats, or other fuch divine fervice, facraments or facramentals, 1 Mod. t<8. as was moft commonly frequented and ufed in the laft year of Joncs Tt {he reign pf the late fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, or Z59*

B 4	that

Abiding the bldfed iacra-ment of the body and blood of Chiift, or breaking any altar ox crucifix.

Tfce punid)-ment of the offender for any of the crimes afore-

Anno pritmMARtJRffdS6 fecunHa* c.3.*	[*55$'

«tha$ at any time hereafter (hall be allowed, fct forth or authorized by the Queen’s majefty.

IV.	Or if any perfon or perfons, at any time or times after faid xx. day of December, (hall contemptuoufly, unlawfully or malicioufly, of their own power or authority, pull down, ‘defect, fpoil, abufe, break or otherwife unreverently handle or order ftie mod blefled, comfortable and holy facrament of the body and blood of Our Saviour Jefus Chrift, commonly called ’ the facrament of the altar, being or that (hall be in any church dr chapel, or in any other decent place, or the pix or canopy wherein‘the fame facrament is or (hall be 5 (2) or unlawfully, Contemptuoufly or malicioufly, of their own power and authority, pull down, deface, fpoil or otherwife break any altar or altars, or any crucifix or crofs, that now or hereafter (hall be in any church, chapel or church-yard: (3) That then every fuch offender and offenders in any the premifles, his or their aider, procurer or abettor, aiders, procurers or abettors, immediately and forthwith after any of the faid a6t or a<fts, or other the faid mifdemeanours fo committed, done or made, or any time or ■times after, (hall be apprehended, arrefted and taken by any conftable or conftables, churchwarden or churchwardens of the faid parifli, town or place where the faid offence or offences (hall be fo committed, made or done, or by any other officer or officers, or by any other perfon or perfons then being prefent at the tifiie of the faid offence or offences fo unlawfully committed, toade or done;

V7 Which perfon or perfons fo apprehended, taken or ar-ifefted, with convenient fpeed (hajl be brought and carried to any juftice of peace within the faid (hire, or within any city, borough, liberty or town corporate wherein juftices of peace be, Where the faid offence or offences (hall be fo committed, done and made: (2) and'that the faid juftiee of peace, upon due actuation therfeuppryhad and made by theapptehender or appre-fendefs, ‘or other perfon or perfons, of any of the faid perfon or perfons fo offending, forthwith (hall commit the faid perfon or perfons fo apprehended, arrefted and taken, to fafe keeping and cuftody, as by the discretion of the faid juftiee (hall be thought molt meet and convenient, (3) and that within fix days next and immediately after the (aid accufation fo had and made to the faid juftiee, the faid juftiee with one other juftiee of peace in tfie faid (hire, city, borough, liberty or town cordate, (ball diligently examine the a<ft or afls, offence or offences aforefaid. ’	!	*

VI Arid if they the faid two juftices of peace (hall upon their faid examination find or perceive the faid perfon or perfons fo ac-icufed guilty of ahy of the faid pffence-or offences whereof he or they (hall pe fd accufed, and that by two fufficient witneflis, or by his or their 6Wn confeffion or confeffions, that then and imr mediately \vith convenient fpeed the faid two juftices (hall commit and dward the faid perfon or perfons fo aecufed as is afbre-faid* tb the gaol of or for the faid (hire, city, borough* liberty .	’	*...........*	'	~	ox

1553-3 Anno primo Maria, feflio fecunda. c.3.	9

or town corporate where the laid offence or offences was fo committed, made or done, there to remain without bail or main-prife, by the fpace of three months then next enfuing, and further to the next quarter-feflions to be holden within the faid {hire, city, borough, liberty or town corporate, next after the end of the faid three months; (a) at which (aid quarter-feffionS, the faid perfon or perfons fc committed to the gaol as is aforefaid, upon his or their reconciliation and repentance in that behalf before the faid juftices of peace at the faid feffions, (hall be delivered and diicharged out of prifdn and gaol, upon fuffieient fufety of his good abearing and behaviour, to be then and there taken by the faid juftices for one whole year then next enfuing, as by the diforetion or diferetiong of the faid juftices then ami there being, or of the more part of them, (hall be thought meet and convenient: (3) and if the faid perfon or perfons fo in Godbolti+s. gaol as is aforefaid, will not be reconciled and repent at the faid pL 343*

’quarter-feffions, that then the (aid perfon or perfons immediately in time convenient (hall be further awarded and committed to the faid gaol by the faid juftices, or by the more part of them, there to remain without bail.or mamprife, until he or they (b committed and awarded to gaol as is aforefaid, (hall be reconciled, and be penitent for his or their faid offence or offences. v

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. The penalty That If any perfon or petfbhS at any time or times after the for refeuing faid xx. day of December, of their own authority and power, willingly and unlawfully do refeue any offender or offenders fo an-eftl>in^ thC apprehended, taken or arrefted as is aforefaid, or will dlfturb,

hinder or let the faid offender or offenders fo offending as is pforefaid, to be apprehended, taken or arrefted, that then eveiy one of the faid refeuers or difturbers (hall fuffer like imprifort-ment as is aforefaid, and ‘further fhall pay, forfeit and lofe for a fine, for every of his or their (aid offences, five pounds to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflbr$.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by-fhe authority aforefaid. The penalty if That if any of the offenders aforefaid be not taken, apprehended an of^derbe or arrefted immediately in tittle convenient, as is aforefaid, but not taken, but do efcape or go away, that then' the Aid efcape (halt be law- doth efcape. fully prefented before the juftices of peace, in the faid (hire,

city, borough, liberty or town corporate, at the next quarter-fefuons to be holden where the faid efcape was made and differed, and that then the inhabitants of the parifh where the faid efcape was fo differed, (hall forfeit and lofe to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and focceffhrs, for every filch efcape five pounds, to he levied and taken as other like amerciaments and fines before this time hath been levied and taken upon any village, hun- 13 Ed. 1. fiat, dred or town, for the efcape of any murderer or other felon, for *• c. 1. not making purfuit upon hue and cry, accordingto the eftatute of 3 H. 7. c. 1. Wtnchifiir, and the eftatute made and provided in the third year of the worthy King Henry the Seventh.

IX.	And be it further enadked by the authority aforefaid, That What magi-?ll and lingular, juftices of peace, juftices of affife, juftices offtrate*

Oyer

IO

have authority to enquire of and punifti the offender!'

Thejurifdic-tion of the law eedefiallical laved.

There (hall be but one punishment for .One offence.

Anno primo Marl®, feffio leCunda. C4;	[1553.

Oyer and Determiner, and all and lingular mayors, bailiffs and juftices of peace within any city, borough or town corporate in any parts within this realm, within the limits of their commif-fion or commiflions, (hall have full power and authority by virtue of this ad, after the faid xx. day of December, to enquire of all and lingular the offences and mifdemeanours aforefaid, and to hear and determine the fame, and to fet the lines and amerciaments of the faid offender or offenders as is aforefaid.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That this ad, or any thing therein contained lhau not in any wife extend to abrogate and take away the authority, jurifdidion, "power and punifhments of the ecclefiaftical laws, now Handing and remaining in their force, of or for the pu-nilhment of any the offences and mifdemeanours aforefaid, but that the authority, power, jurifdidions and punilhments of the faid ecclefiaftical laws of and for any the offences and mifdemeanours aforefaid. fhall Hand in full power and ftrength,and to be ufedand exercifed in all and in every thing, as though this ad had never been had and made; this prefent ad, or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftandinz.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That whatfoever per-fon offending in the premises, fhall for any of the offences afore recited receive punilhment of the ordinary, having a tefti-monial thereof under the faid ordinary’s leal, (hall not for the fame offence eftfoons be convidedbefore thejuftice: (2) and in like wife receiving for the faid offences punimment by the juf-tice, he (hall not for the fame offence eftfoons receive punilh-ment of the ordinary; any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IV.

An aft touching certain writings made from the Jixth of July lajl pajl, to the firft day of Auguft next enfuing.

WHERE it hath pleafed Almighty God the Jixth day of July lajl pajl to call but of this tranjitory life unto his mercy our late fovereign lord King Edward the fixth, by and immediately after whofe deceafe the imperial crown of this realm, with all dignities, dominions, honours, pre-eminences, prerogativesifliles, authorities and jurifdic-tions, to the fame united, annexed or belonging, did not only defend, remain and come unto our mojl dread fovereign lady the Spueetts ma-jejly, but alfo the fame was then immediately and lawfuuy invefed, aeemedand adjudged in her Highnefs moft royalper fon, by the due courfe of inheritance, and by the laws andftatutes of this realm:

II.	Neverthelefs the fame her Highnefs moft lawful pojfejjion was for a time difturbed and djfquieted by the traitorous rebellion and ufur-potion of the lady Jane Dudley, wife unto Guilford Dudley, Efq% otherwife called the lady Jane Grey, and other her complices, chiring the time of the which faid rebellion and usurpation, divers eftatutes, re-cognifances, indentures, obligations, acquittances, grants, patents, evidences] and other writingh were made and devifed between and to fun

dry

1553*1 Annoprimo Marl®, fcflio fecunda. c.5.	it

dry ef the fubjefis tf this realm* whereupon divers qutjiions*fiats and doubts may hereafter arife* grow and enfue to many of the Queen's bighnefs true loving fuhyeSls: for the avoiding of all which ambiguities and doubts which by reafon thereof may be Jtirred and moved* lie.

Obligations, writings, &e. made from the fixth of July laft, and before the ' firft of Auguft, fhall be good and effectual, excepting fuch as were made by the lady Jane Dudley. No patents, grants, writings. &c. made by the. lady Jane Dudley fince the fixth day of July laft fhall be good.

C A P. V.

An act for the limitation of prefeription in certain cafes.

WHERE at a parliament holden at Weftminfter the. twenty- Certain writs fourth day of July in the thirty feemi year of the reign of the and ads late King of famous memory , King Henry the Eighth, it was enabled, S?ereun9i-the That no manner of perfon orperfons Jbould from thenceforth fue, have Nation made or maintain any writ of rights or make any prefeription, title or claim 3» h. S. c. *• of \ to or for any manors, lands, tenements, rents, annuities, commons, fhall not ex-penfions, portions corrodies or other .hereditaments of the pojfejfion ofitn^m his or their ancejlor or predeceffor, and declare and alledge any further feifin or pojfejfion of his or their ancejlor or predeceffor but only ofthe fei-fin or pojfejfion of bis ancejlor orpredeceffor which hath been, or then was or /half be, feijed of the faii manors, lands, tenements, rents, annuities, commons, penfions, portions, corrodies or other hereditaments within threefcore years next before the teftc of the fame writ, or next before the Jaid prefeription, title or claim, fued, commenced, brought, made or had after the making of the fame aft :

II; And where alfo it was further enafted by the authority afore- A rehearCtl of find, amongfl other things. That noperfon orperfons Jbouldafter that part of tltt make any avowry or cognifancefor any^ rent,juit or fervice, or alledge ** any feifin of any rent, fiuit or fervice, in the fame avowry or cognifance, touching limi-tn the pojfejfion of his or their ancejlors or predeceffor or predeceffor s, tation ot pre-or in his own pojfejfion, or in the poJJ'eJRon of any other whofe efiate he feription. Jhould after that pretend or claim to have, above fifty years next before the making of the faid avowry or cognifance. •	-	,

IIL And where by the fame aft it was alfo further enafted amongfl other things. That tf any petfon or perfons at any time after that, dud fue any of tbs faid alt ions or writs for any manors, lands, tenementr or other hereditament si or make any avowry, cognifance, prefeription, title or claim of or for any rent, fuii, fervice or other hereditaments, and could not prove that he or they, or his or their ancejlors or predecejfors were in aftual pojfejfion and feifin of and in the fame manors, lands, tenements, rents, fust s± Jervices, annuities, commons, penfions, portions, corrodies or other hereditaments, at any time or times within the years before limited and'appointed in the fame aft, in mariner and formas is aforefatd\ (2) that if thefamefeifin were traverfedor denied by the parly plaintiff, demandant or avowant, or by the party tenant or .defendant, that then and after fitch trial therein had, all and every fuch perfon and perfons and their heirs, Jbould from thenceforth be utterly barred for ever of all and every the faid writs, aftions, avowries, cognifance, prefeription, title and claim aftet that to be find, had or madepf and for the Jame manors, lands, tenements,.hereditament} brother (bepremiffes, or any part of the fame, for the which

M

Anno primo Marije, feffio fecunda. C. 5.	[1555;

the fame aftion, writ, avowry, eognifance, prefcription, title or claim, Jhmdat arty time he had,fuedor made:

Certaindoubtf	Upon which faid aft doubt and ambiguity hath rifen and been •

moved upon moved, whether a writ of right of advowfon., a Quare Impedit, the faid ftatute Jure Patronatus, or ajfife of Darein prefentment, may be main of 3* H. 8tC.s. udned by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, whereas the fame perfon orperfon s, todies politick or corporate, their ancejlor or■ predecejfor, or he or they by whom he or they do claim, cannot lay the Yslfits&jfeiftn or prefentment, •in him or themfehes, or the anceflor or predecejfor of them or any of them, or in him or them by whom he or they do clam, within threrfeore years next before' the tefte of the fame writ of right of advowfon Quare Impedit or affife of Darein prefentment, and Jure patronatus : (2\andalfo whether any perfon orperfons, bodies politick or corporate, having a feigmory by reafon of any caftles, honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments of himor tbemholden by knights fervice, may maintain a writ of right of ward, or a writ of ravijhment of ward, for any cajlles, honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments holden by knights fervice, or for the body of any ward that he or they claim by reafon of any fucb tenure by knights fervice, whereas he or they have not been feifed of the fame fervices within tbreefcore. years next before the tefte of any Certain writs Juch writs: (3) for the explanation and plsuildeclaratioh whereof, and a£U and in avoiding of the faid ambiguities and doubts, be it enafted f ^d ftUtn<t°thC ^declared by|the Queen’s highnefs, with the afient of the lords (hall notes- Spiritual, and temporal and the commons in this prefent parlia^ tend. ' ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid former aft made the faid xxxii. year of the reign of the faid late King Henry, or any article, claule, fentence or matter therein con-. tained, (hall not extend to any writ of right of advowfon, jjhyfre. Impedit or affife of Darein Prefentment, nor Jure Patronatus 1

(4)	nor to any writ of right of ward, writ of ravifhment of ward, for the wardship of the body or for'the wardfhip of any caftles, honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments holden by knights fervice, nor to the feifor of the wardfhip of the body of any ward or wards, or to’ the feifor or wardfhip of any caftles, honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments holden by.knights fervice; (5) But that all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fuccefibrs, and the heirs and fucceflors of every them, (hall and may have, maintain and purfue all and fingular the faid writs of right of advowfon. Square Impedit, affife of Darein Prefentment, Jure patronatus, writs of right of ward, ravifhment of ward, and atfo feife die wardfhip both of the body and of the caftles, honours, manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, holden by knights fervice, in like manner and form, to all intents, conftruftions and purpofes, as they or any of them (hould or might have done, madeor purfueft, before the making of the faid aft made in the faid xxfcij. year, as though the fame aft had never been had or made; any thing in the faid former eft to the contrary nptwithftanding. 21 Jae, j, c. 16.

CA Pf

1553*1 Anno primo Marine, filfio fecunda- c.6,7	13,

CAP. VI.

An aS that the counterfeiting of Jlrange coins being current within .this realm, the Sheen's higbnefs Jigh manual, fignet or privy feal, to be adjudged treafon.

17'ORASMUCH as by the laws of tbit realm /mail and no due and condign pumfiment it at this prefent time provided for fuch evil difpojed perfons as fall counterfeit or forgefeeb kind of gold er fther of other realms, os it not the proper coin of this realm, and yet per~ mitted and Jnffered by the §>ueen our fovereign lady’s confent, and heretofore bath been permitted"and f offered by the confent of her ntoft noble progenitors, to be currant inpayment within this herrealm, nor for fitch perfons as/had counterfeit the Queen’s higbnefs fign manual, or privy fignet or.privy feal; by reafon whereof divers evil difpofed perfons are encouraged and boldned daily to perpetrate and commit the Jatdfeveral offences:

II.	For remedy whereof be it enacted by our faid fovereign Treafon to lady the Queen, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com- forge the coin Wons in this preferparliament aflembled, and by the authority of other realms of the fame. That if any per fon or perfons hereafter falfly reah^Vr'the* forge and counterfeit any fuch kind of coin of gold or iilver as King's fign is not the proper cbm or this realm, and is or fhall be currant manual, %c. within this realm by the confent of the Queen, her heirs or fuc- *5 Ed. 3. ceflors: (2) Or if any perfon or perfons at any time hereafter ftat* S*c*,J* do falfly forge or counterfeit the Queen's fign manual, privy fignet or privy feal; (3) that then every fuch offence (hall be deemed and judged high treafon: (4) and the offenders therein, their counfellors, procurers, aiders and abettors, being convift according to thi laws of this realm of any of the faid offences, fhall be Jikewife deemed and adjudged traitors againft the Queen, her heirs and fucceflors, and the realm, and fhall fuffer and have fuch pains of death, forfeiture of lands, goods and chattels, and alfo lofethe privilege of all fandhiary, as in the cafe of high treafon is ufed and ordained.

C A P. VII.

An act touching proclamations upon fines.

TTTHEREAS upon fines levied with proclamations doubts have offmn levied W late arifen by reafon of adjournment of terms, in which pro- before the juf-clamations jhould have been made according to the form United for pro-t,ce* of th« clamations upon fines by the ftatute made in the fourth year of King SaS'be’oF*** Henry the Seventh, end were not by reafon of fuch adjournments had force notwith-7te made, according to thepurveyof the fameefiatute:	Handing pro-

II.	Be it therefore ena&ea. That all fines, as well heretofore clamationsbe levied as hereafter to be levied, before the juftiees of the com-snon-place, of any manors, lands, tenements or other beredita- journments! ments, whereupon the proclamations have-not orfhgll not, by 4 H. 7. c. 14. reafon of adjournment of any term by writ^ be duly made, fhall be of as eoodforce, effect and ftrength to all intents, conftruc-tions ana purpofes, as if any term heretofore fo-adjourned, or that at any time hereafter fhall be fo adjourned, had been .	:	faolden

t+	Anno primo Marine, feffio fecunda. c.S. r1553.

holden and kept from the beginning to the end thereof not adjourned, and proclamations therein made accqrding to the form and effeft of the faid ftatute.

Certain fines IIL Provided always. That this aft (hall not in any .wife to which thi» extend to aiiy fine heretofore levied of any manors, lands, tene-ftatute (hall mcnts or hereditaments, now in fuit demand or variance in any no ex en • t|le Queen's courts, or whereof any charters, evidences or minuments concerning the fame be now^in demand in the Queen's high court of chancery ; (2) nor to any fine or fines heretofore levied of any manors, lands, tenements or heredi-ditaments, which before die firft day of this prefent parliament have been recovered, gotten or obtained, by reafon of any judgment, entry, decree, arbitrament or other lawful means, contrary to the purport, intent or effedt of any fuch fine or fines thereof heretofore levied.

CAP- VIIL

An aft that fheriffs Jhall not be juftices of peace during that

office.

m thcriff (hall TX 7"HERE in one aft of parliament, intituled, An act for the be juftice of yy continuance of adtions after the death of any King, orwhenheis ma^e m firfi year	mr ^te facreign lord King Edward the

fheriff. Sixth, amongfl other things it is ordained and enafted, That albeit 1 Ed. 6. c. 7. any perfon or perfons being jujlice of affize, jufiice of gaol-delivery,

% Bujftr. s. w jujlice of peace, within any of the Kings dominions, or being in . any other of the Kings commijftons whatjbever, Jhall fortune to be made duke, archbijhop, marquefs, earl, irifeount, baron, bijhop, knight, jujlice of the one bench or of the other, orferjeant at the law or jheriff, yet that notwitbjlanding he and they Jbould remain jujlice and commiffioner, and have full power and authority to execute the fame in like manner and form as he or they might or ought to have done before the fame, as in the faid aft more plainly appeareth : (2) Sithence the making of which aft, divers perfons being in commiffion of the peace in one county, have been madejheriffs of the fame county, and have exercifed either of the faid offices \ which Jeemeth not to be convenient:

II.	Wherefore be it enafted by the authority of this prefeht parliament. That no manner of perfon or perfons having, ' ufing or exercifing the office of the fheriff of any county or counties, fhall ufe or exercife the office of the jufiice ot the peace, by force of any commiffion or otherwife, in any county or counties where he or they fhall be fheriff, during the time only that he or they fhall ufe or exercife the faid office of fheriff-wick ; any thing in the faid former aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftandiAg. And that all and every aft and afts to be done by any fuch fheriff and fheriffs by^authority of any commiffion of the peace, during the time abovefaid, (hall be void and of none effeft ; the faid former aft notwithftanding.

CAP.

*5

*553*3 Anno prime MARLffi, feflio fecunda. c.9.

CAP. IX.

An aft touching the corporation of the phyficians in London.

WHEREAS in the parliament holden at London the fifteenth day tf April in the fourteenth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, and from thence adjourned to Weftminfter the tafi day of July in the fifteenth year of the reign of the fame King, and there bolden, it was enabled, That a certain grant by Utters patents of incorporation made and granted by our fetid late King to the phyfutons of London, and ail elaufes and articles contained in the fame grant, Jbould he approved, granted, ratified and confirmed by the fame parliament: .

II.	For the confideration thereof, be it enabled by the au- A confirms, thority of this prefent parliament. That the laid ftatute or ad «onofi4fc«s of parliament) with every article and daufe therein contained, Kuchin * the fhall from henceforth Hand and continue dill in full ftrength, corporation of force and effed; any ad, ftatute, law, cuftom or any other phyGciaat of thing made, had or ufed to the contrary in any wife notwith- London, (landing.

HI. And for the better reformation of divers enormities hap-' pening to the commonwealth by the evil ufing and undue ad-miniftration of phylick, and for the enlarging of further articles for the better execution of the things contained in the laid grant enabled;

IV.	Be it now thereforeenaded, That whenfoever the prefident Whofoerer of the college, or communalty of the faculty of phylick of ff»ll be com-Londcn for the time being, or fuch as the laid prefident and	pri*

college (hall yearly, according to the tenor and meaning of the j£IH (aid ad, authorize to fearch, examine, corred and punilh all the college of offenders and tranfgrefiors of the (aid faculty, within the fame phyficia** in city and prednd in the (aid ad exprefled, (hall fend or com-	(b“u

mit any fiich offender or offenders for his or their offences or difobedience contrary to any article or daufe contained in the thereby?

(aid grant or act, to any ward, gaol or prilon within the fame dty and precinct (the tower of London except) That then from time to time the warden, gaoler or keeper, wardens, gaolers or keepers of the wards, gads and prifons within the city or prednet aforefaid, (except before excepted) (hall receive into his or thdr prifons all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending, as (hall be fo fent or committed to him or them, as is afore (aid;

( 2) and there lhall fafely keep the perfon or perfons fo committed, in any of their prifons, at the proper cods and charges of the faid perfon or perfons fo committed, without bail or mainprife, until fuch time as fuch offender or offenders, or diiobedient, be difeharged of the faid imprifonment by the faid prefident ahd fuch perfons as by the faid college (hall be thereunto authorized; (3) upon pain that all ahd every fuch warden, gaoler. The offenders and keeper, doing the contrary, (hall lofe and forfeit the double of fiich fine and amerciament as fuch offender and offenders, or difobedients, (hall, be afleffed to pay, by fu<;h as the (aid means.y

K	prefident

Searching

apothecary

wares.

3* H. 8. c. 40.

16	Anno	primo	Marls, feffio fecund*. 0.9-12. [1553.

prefident and college (hall authorize as aforefaid, fo that the fame fine and amerciament be not at any one time above the fum of xx. li. the moiety thereof to be employed to the ufe of our fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs and fucceflbrs, the other moiety unto the (aid prefident and college: (4) all which forfeitures to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of the Queen's, her hejirs and fuccefibps courts of record, againft any fuch warden, gaoler or keeper fo offending 1 in which fuit no eflbin, wager of law nor prote&ion (hall be allowed ne admitted for the defendant.

V.	And further be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, for the better execution of the fearch and view of poticary o wares, drugs and compofitions, according to the tenor of a ImV/gcoTi. ftatute made in the xxxij. year of the reign of the faid late King c. so. f. 2. Henry the Eighth, That it .(hall be lawful for the wardens or the grocers, or one of them, to go with the faid phyficiaos in their view and fearch, that if the Jaid warden or wardens do refufe or delay his or their coming thereunto forthwith and immediately when the faid prefident or four of his college ele£t as aforefaid do call upon him or them, that then the faid phy-ficians may and (hall execute that fearch and view, and the due puniflunent of the poficaries for any their, evil and faulty duff, according to the ftatute laft before mentioned, without the aflift-ance of any of the faid wardens; any claufe in the afore named ftatute to the contrary hereof notwithftanding. (2) And every fuch perfon or perfons as will or (hall refift fuch fearcb, (hall forfeit for every fetch refiftance ten pound; the fame penalty to of apothecary be recovered in form aforefaid, without any of the delays afore-wares. fold to be had in fuit thereof.

Other magi- VI. And further be it enalted. That all juft ices, mayors, ftrates fhsdl (heriffs, bailiffs, conftables, and other minifters and officers, aflift the pby- within the city and predndts above written, upon requeft to nans in their	help, aid and aflift the prefident of the faid

college, and all perfons by them from time to time authorized for the due execution of the faid a&s or ftatutes, upon- pain for not giving.of fuch aid, help and affiftance, tp run in contempt of the Queen's majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs.

CAP. X.

An aft for the uniting, diflolving and new erecting of courts. 7 Ed. 6. c. x. 1 El. c. 4.

CAP. XI.

A confirmation of fiat, at H. g. c. 9. touching the prices of woolen hats and caps made beyond the iea. Cuftoming of the fame hats and ‘ caps. No man (hall buy above one dozen of hats or caps made out of this realm. REP. x. Jac.*i. c. 25.

CAP. XII.

If any petions to the number of twelve or above, being afiembled together, (hall intend, go about, pra&ife or put in ufe, with force and arms, unlawfully and of their own authority, to change any laws made for religion* by authority of parliament* Or any other laws of *	this

The penalty for refitting the fearch

fearch.

*553*3 Anno prirfto Mari.®, feflio lecunda. C.13.

this realm, the fame number of twelve or hbovfc, being commanded by the (heriff, or by any juftice of peace, or by any mayor, (heriff, juftices of peace or baihifs of any city, borough or town corporate, where any fucn affemblies fhali be, by proclamation in the Qpeen's name to retire • and repair to their houfes or places from whence they came 5 and any of them, notwithftanding fuch proclamation, (hall continue together by thefpace of one hour after fucn commandment nlade, dr after that (hall willingly in forcible and riotous manner attempt to do or put in ute any of the things above fpecified : that then as well every fuch abode together, as every fuch a£t or offence, (hall be adjudged felony, and the offenders (hall (utter death, as in cafe of felony. And if any per(ons to ' the faid number of twelve or above, (hall go about, &c. to overthrow, cut, caft down, or dig the pales, hedges, ditches, or other enclofure of any park or other ground enclofed, or the banks of any fifh-pond, or any conduits for water, to the intent that the fame fhould frdm thenceforth lie open, or unlawfully to have any way or common in the faid parks or other grounds enclofed, or to deftroy the deer in arty park, or any warren of conies, or any dove-houfes, or fifh in any fifh-pond, or to pull or cut down any houf?s, bams, mills or bays, or to bum any ftaclcs of corn, or to abate or dimini(h the rents of any lands, or the pride of vidhial, corn or grain 5 and being commanded by any juftice of peace, &c. by proclamation, &c. to retire to their habitations &c. and tney notwithftanding (hall remain together by the fpace of one hour, or (hall in forcible manner put in ure any of the things before mentioned, &c. every of the faid offenders (hall oe judged a felon, &c.

^ And if any perfbn unlawfully, by ringing of bells, founding of any trumpet, drum, horn or Other inltrUment, or by firing of a beacon, or by malicious fpeaking of any words, or making any outcry, or by* fetting up or catting of any bill or writing, or by any other deed, (hail raife any perfons to the number of twelve or above, to the intent that the fame perfons (hould do any of the acts above-mentioned, and the perfons fo raifed, after commandment given in form aforefaid, (hall make their abode together, or in forcible manner put in ure any of the acts abovefaid ; then all perfons, by whofe fpeaking, &c. (hall be adjudged felons. And if the wife, (ervajit, or other perfons (hall any way relieve them that be unlawfully aftembled with victuals, weapons or other thing, they (hall be adjudged felons. And if any perfons above the number of two, and under the number of twelve, (nail practice any of the things above-mentioned, and being commanded by a juftice of peace, &c. to- retire, &c. make their abode by the fpace of one hour together, every of them (hall fuffer imprisonment one year, and every peribn damnified (hall recover his triple damages againft him; and every perfon able, being requefted by the King's officers, (hall be bound to refill them. If any perfons to the number of forty or above, (hall affemble together by forcible manner, unlawfully to put in ure any of the things above fpecified, or to do other felonies or rebellions, and fo (hall continue together three hours after proclamation made at or nigh the place where they be fo aftembled, or in fome market-town thereunto next adjoining, and after notice to them given; every perfbn fo willingly aftembled and continuing (hall be adjudged a felon. And if any copyholder or fanner, being required by any of the King's officers to aid and affift them in the reptfeffing the faid offenders, do refufe, he (hall forfeit hjs copyhold or leafe, only for

’ term of his life. The ftatute of 3 & a Ed. 6. c. 5. repealed, x Elia, c. 26. EXP.

CAP. XIII.

The ftatutes made anno 21 H. 8. c. 7. 21 H. 8. c. 12. 23 H. 8. c. 17.

24. H. 8. c. 9. 23 H. 8. c. 3. 28 H. 8. c. 6, 8, 9. 31 H. 8. c. 7. 33 H. 8. c. 2. 34 H. 8. c. 17. 37 H. 8. c. 13. % & 3 Ed. 6. c. 9, xo,

11. 3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. 19, 2i. 5 8c 6 Ed. 6. c. 2, 14. 7 Ed. 6. c. x f. be revived and made to continue until the end of the next parliament. EXP. x Eliz. c. x8.

Vol.VI.	C	CAP.

Anno primo Marl®, feffio tertia. C.r. [<553* CAP. XIV.

The ftatute of *3 H. t, c. s. ordained for the making of gaols in feveral counties, Audi be continued until the end of ten years next after this parliament.

CAP. XV.

It fhall be lawful to the parifliioners of the late parifli of St. Ellens in Stangate within the city of York, and the inhabitants that now are, or hereafter (hall be dwelling in the fame, to build again the feme parUh-'Church and church-yani, and therein to ufe divine lervice, fa-craments, &c. And the Queen, her heirs and fuccefTors may prefent an able clerk to the vicarage of the fame.

CAP. XVI.

A confirmation of the attainder of high treafon of John duke of Nor-thumberland, Thomas Cranmer archbiihop of Canterbury, William marquefs of Northampton, John earl of Warwick, Sir Ambrofe Dudley, knight. Sir Andrew Dudley, knight. Sir John Gates, knight, and Sir Thomas Palmer, knight.

' cap. xvn.

A confirmation of a releafe which the Queen, by her letters patents, m&dt to the temporality, of a fubfidy given to King Edward, by the fiat, of 7 Ed. 6. c. la. referring to the Queen the two fifteens granted by the (aid ftatute.

cap. xvm.

A fubfidy of tonnage and poundage granted to the Queen during life, out 'of diver* merchandifes.

Anno primo Manse, fejjio tertia.

i

I

ACTS made tn the parliament begun and bolden at j Weftminfter the fecond day of April in the firft year of the reign of our mojt gracious fovereign lady Mary, by the grace of God, Queen of England, France and Ireland, defender of the faith, and there continued and kept to the dijffohttion of the fame, being the fifth day of May then next *njtdngy asfollowetb.

CAP. I.

'An act that the regal power of this realm is as full in the Queen's majefy as ever it was in any her noble anceftors.

The regal	Tj'Orafmuch as the imperial crown of this realm, with all dignities,

power in the X1 honours, prerogatives, authorities, jurifdiflions and prehemi-gfrVSK nences thereunto. annexed, united and belonging, by the divine pro-a, ft Wh 1 vidence of Almighty God, is mojl lawfully,Juftly and rightfully def-been in any tended and come unto the Queen's highnefs that now is, being the herprogem- very, true and undoubted heir and inheritrix thereof and inve/led in *or,,	her mojl royalperfon according unto the laws of this realm: (a) and

ig

2553.3	Annoprimo Marls, foffio tertia. c.i.

by force and virtue of the fame* aU regal power, dignity* honour, authority* prerogative* preheminence and jurifdiftions doth appertain, and of right ought to appertain and belong unto her highnefs* as unto the fivereign Jupream governor and ^ueen of this realm* and of the* dominions thereof* in as full* large and ample manner* as it bath done heretofore to any other her moft nolle progenitors* Kings.of this realm : (3) neverthelefs* the moft ament ftatutes of this realm* JbeT Severalcaufes ing made by Kings then reigning* do not, only attribute and refer why this fta-att prerogative* preheminence* power and juriftiftion royal unto the tutewasmad* name of King* but alfo do give* affign and appoint the correction and punifhment of all offenders againft the • regality and dignity of the crown* and the laws of this, realm* unto, the Kfasg; (4) by occafian whereof* the malicious and ignorant perfominay be hereafter infused and perfuaded unto this error and foVy f ta fhink that her highnefs could ne Jhould have* enjoy and ufe fdch fiki ftfy&l authority* power* preheminence* prerogative and jurifdiCfionffiqr/fa neexecute and ufe dll things, concerning ihefaidfiatuUs* andtAhtfhe benefit and privilege of. the fame* nor corteff and pumjh offenders againfi her moll royal perfon* and the regality and dignity of 4he crown of this realm and the dominions thereof* astheKyngy of this realm her moft noble progenitors have heretofore (fane* enjoyetM anbextrcifed;

II.	For the avoiding and. clear e^tingyuibthent ot which jaid

error.or doubt, and foraplain declaration of the laws of this realm in that behalf,	'	,»

III.	Be it declared and enacted by. the authority of this prefent Theroyal

parliament. That the law of this realm is, and ever hath been	J13

and'ought to, be underftood, that the kingly , or regal office of aiithcdlgni-this rcjdjm, and all dignities, prerogative royal, power, pre- ties of the emisseq&s, privileges, authorities and jurisdictions thereunto fame, (hall be annexed', united or belonging, being inverted either ip male or weU in.a fematej, are and be, and ought to be, as fully, wholly, abfoliite- as m ly and entirely deemed, .adjudged, accepted, inverted and taken

in the one as in the other?- (2) fo that what or whenfbover-fta-tute or law doth limit and appoint, that the King of this realm may or (hall have, execute or do any thing as King, or doth give any profit or commodity to the King, or doth limit or appoint any pains or punifhment for the correction of offenders or tranfgreffors agamft the regality and dignity of the King or of the crown; the fame the Queen (being fupream governed, pofleffor and inheretrix to!the imperial crown of this realm, as our faid fovereign lady, the Queen mpftjuftly prefcntly is) may by the Tame authority arid power likewife have, exercife, execute, punifh, correct, and do, to all intents, conftruCtions and purpofes, without doubt ambiguity, fcruple or queftion; any curtom, ufe or fcruple, or any other thing whatfoeycr to be made to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. n.

The articles of marriage between Philip prince of Spain and the Queen rehe&rfed and confirmed. The Queen (hall and may only, and. as a lote-Queen, ufe and enjoy the crown and fovereignty over her dominions and fubje&s, with all the prerogatives, jvudfai&ions, manors, lands,

Ca

This branch is Kep. i & * Pfa.&M.c.i.

Anno, primo Maris, fd&otertia. C.$,—6. [1553*

&c. belonging to the fame, in fuch only eftate, and in fucb large manner in all degrees, after the folemnizapon of the laid marriage, at (he now hath and enjoyeth the fame, without anj right, claim or demand to be given, come or grow unto the (aid prince, at tenant by the curtfey of this realm, or by any other meant. All gifts, grants, letters patents, leafes and other writings, which during the laid marriage, (hall pals and be made of benefices, offices, lands, revenues and fruits, (hall be intituled and made in the names of the (aid Prince and the Queen, and (hall be figned with die fign manual of die Queen, and (hall be beftowed upon natural-bom fubjefts of this realm. And thofe grants, letters patents and writings, which (hall not be figned with the fign manual, (nail be void.

gap. m.

A repeal of one ftatute (not printed) made 7 Ed. 6. whereby the bilbop-rick of Durham was diflolved, and all the lands and pofleffions thereof were given to the King 3 and of one other ftatute made 7 Ed. 6. c. io. whereby the town of Gatefide, &c. was fevered from the faid bifiiop-rick of Durham, and annexed to the town of Newcaftle; and Cuthbert Tunftal reftored to the lame bilhoprick, and to all the pofleffions and franchifcs thereof, (faring to a capital mahfi'on houfe in Thames-ftreet in London, and five tenements' thereunto belonging) and to the (aid townof Gatefide, &c.

CAP. IV.

A repeal of the ftatute of 3* H. S. c. 39. made touching the ere&ion of the office and authority of the great mailer of the King's houle, and . the rc-t(bbli(hing of the name, office and authority of the lord fteward of the Queen's houle.

CAP. V.	|

The caufey paved with ftone in the counties of Dorfet, and Somcrfct between Sharabury and Shirburn, (hall from time to time,' during ten years, be made and amended by the owners and farmers of the lands 1 lying nigh unto the faid caufey on either fide of the fame, and by the in- I habitants of Shaftfbury and Shirburn, and by the owners and fanners of lands, and by the inhabitants within the foreft of Gillingham, and liberties of Gillingham and Alcetter, and .the hundreds, of Kediane and Shirburn id toe county of Dorfet, and of the hundred of Ho-rethome, in the county of Somerfet} and the juftices of peace of the counties of Dorfet and Somerfet fhall afleu the faid owners, farmers and inhabitants, towards the faid repair. . And if the faid juftices (hall 1 refiife to put this alt in execution, the lord chancellor or lord keeper,

&c. (ball upon requeft make a commiffien to certain difcreet perfons to put this att in execution, * Car. x. c. 4. continued until tne end of j the firft feffion of next parliament. And farther continued by if 1 Cur. 1. c. 4.

CAP. VI.

The inhabitants of the city of Gloucefter. and Briftol, within feveral liberties, and of the hundreds of Barton next Briftol, Grombal, Alfa, Barkley,' Whitftone, Thombury and Henbury in the county of Gloucefter, for their feveral limits and hundreds, (hall be charged with the reparation of the way between Briftol and Gloucefter.

CAP,

>553*1 Anno primo Mari.®, feflio tertia, 0,7.	zi

CAP. VII. ....................

An act touching cloth-making in corporate towns and market-..

towns.

WHERE the City of Worcefter, end divers other cities, Making of boroughs and thorns corporate within this realm ^England, doth uf«J tf long time have been upholden, repaired and only maintained by 5 making of broad cloths called long clothes, Jbert clothes and coloured	.

cloths, and the citizens, freemen and inhabitants of the fame cities, porate town* towns and boroughs corporate, have thereby been greatly enriched, and or raarket-tbe poor people and handicraftfmen of the fame and the counties ad- P^y, joining daily fet a work, as weavers, walkers, fullers, fulling mill- &ccon * men,Jbeer-men and dyers, forcers ofwools, cafiers of wools and forttrs The inconve-of wools, Jpinners, carders and fpullers of yarn, and have had their niende* en-only living thereby, till now of late, in the fifth year of the reign our late Jovereign lord King Edward the Sixth that an ejlatute was 6 ^ ^ made. That no man Jbould occupy cloth-making ne put any broad cloth p. j,	*

or clothes to weaving or making, except he hath boon apprentice to . cloth-making by thejpace of feven years, or edfe have occupied and pra&ifed doth-puking by the /pace of feven years or more, sender pan of forfeiture of great penalties in the fame ejlatute limited $ (2.) by reafon whereof divers and many good clothiers, dwelling in the find cities and towns corporate, which had occupied and made cloth by the /pace offive or fix years,'andfome which have married clothiers wives, which had occupied cloth-making by the Jpate of twenty years before, by reafin of the feme ejlatute have been enforced to leave of and clearly difeontinue their cloth-snaking, to their great impoverijhment, and to toe utter undoing of a great member of poor people and bandit craftfmen, which daily had their living by the laid clothiers y (3) and ferajmuch as the perfeQ and principal ground of cloth-snaking is' the t true forting of wools, end the experience thereof confiftetb only in women, as clothiers whies, and their women Jervants, and not, in apprentices, they be thereby very like utterly ft be undone for ever, unlefs fpeedy remedy be therein provided:

H. In confideration whereof be }t enacted, .eftablifhedand or- Cert?ljn dained by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, with the affent Tons not reT of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this (trained of prefent parliament afiiembled, and by the authority of the fame ?akjj,fj0h parliament. That every perfon or perfons inhabiting in any of the n^ithftanc?-faid cities, boroughs or towns corporate, or in market-towns, inz the ftat. of within the realm of England, where cloth-making at any time 5 & 6 Ed. 6. before the making of the laid aft hath been ufed, (hall or may £ 6-from henceforth lawfully make all manner of broad-clothes ^inhabit?* aforefaid, and put them to weaving, walking, fulling, dying ant, of North and fheering, without any impediment, fo that the fame clothes Wales, See. by be fubftantially made, bearing lawful length, breadth and weight, 4 & 5 P1>. & according to the ftatute for good and true cloth-making made c* 5’ *’ in the fifth year of the reign of our faid late fovereign lord King Edward the fixth; any article or claufe in the faid former efta-

C 3	tutfc*

Carriers as well as other artificers may buy leather. A rehearfal

&6£d,

C. jy

XLl	Annoprimo Marias, fcffia tertian c.8.	£1553.

tute, or stay other eftatute for doth-making, made to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	#

CAP. VIII.

An act touching the hying and currying of leather.

WHERE at the parliament holden at Weftminfter upon pro* rogation the xv. day of April in the fixthyear of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, it was amongfi other things enafted, That no perfon or perfons of what eflate, degree or c£ a branch of condition foever he ar they be, Jbould buy or engrofs, or caufe to be tP* *!?■•	5	bought	or engroffed, any hind of tanned leather to Jell the fame againy

faving only farters, girdlers, cordwamers and certain other artificers as by the fame at? more plainly may appear; (2) Sithence the making whereof, forafmucb as many poor artificers, as jhoemakers and coblers, who afore that might buy from time to time their fluff of the currier ready provided and wrought fufficiently, and to buy the fame at a price reafonable, and now being very poor men, and not able to buy two or three hides or backs of leather at one time, nor to pay ready money for the fame, are enforced to give up their occupations in great number, to The inconve- ^eir utter impoverijbment and undoing; (3) andforafimuh alfo as niencies of the fithenee the mating of the find eftatute all kind of fluff made of lea-fiune branch, ther is more Jlenderly and deceitfully wrought and made than ever it was, and nevertbelefs as dear, or dearer; whereby it may appear that thefdidformer aft was procured for the fingular commodity of afew rich Jboemakers and other artificers that are now common regrators and ingroffers of leather> who without refpeft of perfect workmanfinp, either of the common-wealth, which is well perceived both in meets furfes, and alfo in theirJhoes : (4) The experience is well proved, they having the only trade of buying of leather, fluff and tallow in their handstand nrtwithftanding do deliver to the currier fo littlefluff and tallow, whereby the leather cannot be fufficiently wrought: (5) and forafmucb at the curriers are by divers laws bound to the fufficient workmanfinp and currying of leather upon divers pains where they may buy no leather, nor the Jhoemqker will not allow them fufficiently to do thefame.

Curriers, (hoe-	ll. Be it therefore ena&ed, That from henceforth it fhall be

makers, &c. lawful as well for the currier, fhoemaker, girdler, fadler, budget-Xer, but not ma^er>an<*	otherartificers occupying the craft or myftery of lea-

to convey be- ther-buyirig, lawfully to buy all kinas of tanned leather in fairs and yond fea. markets within all places of this realm accuftomed to be fold, it being lawfully tanned and drelfed, (2) fo that the faid curriers, fhoemakers and girdlers, nor any perfon for them, or for their nfe, ihall buy any kind of tanned leather to fell again to any merchant of other ftranger, to be conveyed over the fea, ne fhall fend or convey any leather beyond the fea, upon the forfeiting of all fuch leather'fo bought, the one hair of the fame to be to the Queen's hijljhnefs, and the other half to him that pre-A repeal of	feme: (3) and further, the aforefaid ad from hence-

the aforefaid forth to fee repealed, made void and of none effeft, concerning branch of 5 & the curriers, (noeiriakers, fadlers, budget-makers, girdlers, and 6 Ed. 6. c. 15. all other artificers occupying the myftery of leather-buying, curried and drelfed.

HI. And

1553*1 Anno primo Marijb, fcffio tertia. c.9.	23

III.	And be it further enadted, That from henceforth no per- The curriers lbn orperfons (occupying the feat or myftery of currying of

tanned leather) within the city of London, or the fuburbs of the thereof (hall fame, (hall occupy about the currying of the fame leather any u6 their own other ftuff or tallow brought unto aim by any other perlon or fluff, perfons, but fuch as (hall be bis own, upon pain of forfeiture of all fuch leather fo curbed, contrary to the true meaning thereof.

IV.	And furthermore. That no currier (hall curry any hides How the lea« for any (hoemaker, to make (hoes or boots of* from the feaft of

St. James the apoftle unto the xxv, day of March, but fuch as ^ omiw (hall be fuificiently dipped twice in the pan, for the true and juft ^ workman(hip thereof, upon pain of forfeiture of all fuch leather as (hall be wrought to the contrary, the one half of the fame tQ the Queen’s highnefs, and the other moiety,to him that (halj find and prefent the fame; all the fame penalties to be recovered in form aforefaid, by him or them that will fue for the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any court of record, wherein no efloin, protedtion, or wager of l^w (hall be admitted or allowed for the defendant.

V.	Provided always, and be it enadted by theauthority afore- within what faid. That when and as often as any (hoemaker or his deputy time leather doth bring any leather fufficiently tanned to any currier to be Jhallbectif* curried, delivering fufficient liquor for well dreffing of the lame, ***&•

the fame (hall be by every fuch currier well and fufficiently cur? ried, and made ready for the (hoemaker, within the (pace of five days in fummer, that is to fay, from the firft day or March to the laft day of September, and alfo in like manner within the fpace of ten days in winter, that is to lay, from the firft day of Oflober unto the laft day of February, (2) upon pain to forfeit to the party grieved, for every hide not curried and drefled in manner and form aforefaid, the fum of ten (hillings.

VI.	Provided further. That this provifo (nail not extend to bind any currier to drefs any leather, which he doing his heft is not able to drefs within every of the times aforefaid, but (hail extend to all fuch leather as he conveniently may drefs after the common rate of dreffing. ,1 El.c. 8. 5 El. r. 8. 1 Jac. i, c. 22.

CAP. IX.

The Queen during her life (hall have authority, by writing to be fealed with the great leal of England, to make and preferibe to all thole churches cathedral and collegiate, that were erected and eftabliihed by Xing Henry the Eighth, and to the deans, prebendaries and minifterS of the fame, and to their fiiccefibrs, fuch ftatutes and orders tor the good governance of every of them, and of the lands and poflemons of every of the fame churches, as (hall feem good to her; and to alter change, augment or dimini(h the fame as occalion (hall fervej ’and to ordain and eftabli/h ftatutes, ordinances and fouiglations for the government of fuch grammar-fchools as were ere&edby King H. 3. or by King Ed. 6. and of the miniftersand fcholars of the fame; and to alter and tranfpofe other ftatutes and ordinances there heretofore made, See$ Ann*, c. »i.

C+	CAP,

Anno primo Marije, fcffio tertia. c. io,11.	[1553.'

CAP.X.

The repeal of a ftatute (not printed) made Anno % Ed. 6. touching the confolidation and union of the pari(h Churches of Onger and Grenfted j in the county; of Eflex : and they (hall be feveral psun(hcs as they were ! before : and James Morris and his heirs (hall have the presentation of | the f^id parfonage of Onger.

CAP. XL

An a£i touching the fea fands in Glamorganftiirc.

Commiilioners TTTHERE in the xxiij. year of the reign of the excellent prince the^unty'of ^ *	°f famm memory, King Henry the Eighth, it was enabled

Glamorgan	and efiablijhed, That commijjions	of [ewers from time to time,	when j

(hall-take or- need Jhould require, Jhould be directed to fuch fubjlantial and indif-thrf°r<ifVing ferent Prfons as Jhould be named by the lord chancellor ^England, d^ru6Hon°by	tyeafurer,	the	lord	privy	feal,	and the two chief juftices, or

fands rifing * three of them* whereof the lord chancellor to be one, authorijing them* out of the fea. or fix of them, to furvey walls, fir earns, ditches, banks, guttersfew-Tbe^effea.of ers^ caufeys, bridges, trenches,f mills, mill-dams, flood-gates, ponds,

c. c. coc*s> dbing wears, and other lets and nufances, by reafim of the out-	i

* ™ *	#	ragious	cotirfe	and rage of the fea, in and upon marjhes and other low

places 5(2) which good law doth not extend, nor is not taken to give authority and power unto the faid commiilioners of fewers, to reform the great hurt, nufance and lojfes that cometh and chanceth to the Queen's highnefs and her fubjefts, by reafon of fond arifing out of the fea, and driven to land by forms and winds, whereby much good ground lying on the fea-coafts in fundry places of this realm, and efpecially in the county of Glamorgan, is covered with fuch jand fifing out of the fea, that there cometh no profit of the fame, to the great lofs of the fpueerfs highnefs and her lovingJubjefts, and more is %	like	to enfue, if fpeedy remedy be not therein provided:

II.	May it therefore pleafe the Queen's highnefs, with the aflent of tne lords fpiritual and temporal, ana the commons, in this profent parliament aflembJed, and by the authority of the fame, be it enaded, That as well the faid ad of fewers made in the faid xxiij. year, as allcommiffions of fewers hereafter to be direded according to the tenour of the faid ad, may extend and give authority, that the commiilioners therein named for the county of Glamorgan, or fix of them, whereof three to be of the quorum, (hall by this ad, and the faid former ad and i commiffion to them direded, have full power and authority from time to time to make fuch laws, provisions, ordinances, judgments and decrees within the faid county of 1Glamorgan, for the redrefs and faving of the laid grounds from hurt and deftrudion hy reafon of the faid f?nds, as they might or may do by the faid former ad and commiffion for the withstanding and avpiding the outragious courfe and rage of the fea, or other waters; any ufage or icuftom to the contrary nQtwithftanding.

CAP.

1554*] Anno primo & fecondo Philippi & Marine, c.i, 25 CAP. xn.

The ibtutes nude anm n R 8. c. 6. anno *3 R S. c. 3.17. anm 38 R 8* c. 6, 8,' 9. 00*0 31 R. 8* c. 7. am»0 35 H. 8. c. 77, anno 37. H. 8. c. at. mtnoxU 3 Ed. 6. c. 9. am* 3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. ie, ai. am* 5 & 6 Ed.

6. c. a, 14. am* 7 Ed. 6. c. it. anno 1 Mar. Jeff. a. c. 11 8c 13. were revived and made to continue until the laft day of the next parliament.	1

\

Anno primo G? fectmdo Philippi & Mariae.

ACTS, made at a parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter the * twelfth day of November in thefirfb ' and fecond year of the reign of our fovereign lord and lady Philip and Mary, by the grace of God, King and Queen of England, France, Naples, Jerufalem and Ireland; Defenders of the faith; Princes of Spain and Sicilie; Archdukes of Auftria; Dukes of Milaine, Burgundy, and Brabant; Counties of Haipurg, Flanders and Tyroll; and there .continued and kept until the diffolution of the fame, being the xvi- day of January then nett enfuing, were enacted as followetb.

CAP, I.

An aft touching letters patents, and other writings to be Jigned by the Queen.

WHERE in the parliament begun and holden at Weftmmftef a branch of the fecond day of April in the firftyear of the reign of our a. ftatute made mojl dread and gracious fovereign lady the Queetts majefly: ana there *	feff. 3 .

continued and kept till toe dtffblution of the fame, being the fifth day the "fimhig ef of May then next following, one aft was made touching the articles of letterspatents, her Highnefs mojl noble marriage, in the which aft among other tee. with the things it was mailed, ordered and eftoblijbed by the authority of the Queen’s fign fend parliament. That all and lingular gifts, grants, letters patents, &c. exchanges, confirmations, leaps, and other writings, which after the p * find marriage and during the fame, flmld pafs and be made of any benefices, offices; lands, revenues and fruits, or of any of them, Jhould be intituled and made in the names of our fovereign lord the King, and of her mojl excellent Highnefs, whether his MdjtJly flmld be prefent within the realms and dominions of her Highnefs, or within any of them, or abfint: (2) And that the fame gifts, grants, letters patents, exchanges, cmfirmations, leafes, and other writings fofet forth and made, Jhould be fialedand firmed with the fign manualof her Highnefs,

(3)	and the fame fo Jigned, andfealed with the greatfial ofthis realm, or with fuch fial as hath been accufiomtd, Jhould be by the authority of the faid parliament deemed, adjudged, declared and pronounced to

he

* Examined by the inroilment. It is the eleventh in Pulton** and Ke»

Ue* edition; the t weijty-fecond in Fox Marty rol.jvol. 11S. See; Keb.y+e.

The inconve-niencies entiling to the Queen and1 the fubje&s by the faid

%6 Anno primo & fecundoPhilippi & Mari.®, c. i. [1554.

be as goody perfeft, and of like force, firength and effeft in the law, to all intents, couftruttions and purpofes, again]} our Jaid fovereign lord and,lady the King and Sfueen's majefiies and her Highnefs heirs and fucceffors, as if her Majefty had been at the time of the making thereof Jole and Unmarried; (4) and that all gifts, grants, letters patents, exchanges, confirmations, leafeSy and other viritingSy which after the faid marriage, and during the time of the fame, Jhottld pafs and be made of the faid benefices, officesy landsy revenues and fruits, or of any of them, whereunto thefign manual of her Highnefs Jhould not be Jet, made or put, Jball be by the authority of thefaidparliamentfrom time to time deemedy adjudgedy accepted, taken and decreed to be of no force ne effeft, but utterly frujlrate and void in the lawy to all mtentSy conjlruftions and purpofes; the faid marriagey or any IaWy ufage or cujlom to the contrary in any wife notwithjlandingy as by the Jaidafi more at large doth appear*

II.	Sithence the making of which fatuity and the fakmnization of the faid marriagey the glueen’s mofi excellent majefiy hath been greatly mohftedy grieved ana troubled with often figning of letters patentSy gifts, grants, exchangeSy leafes and other writings concern-

v ______ ing and touching benefices, offices, landsy revenues and fruitSy made

ftatute of 1M. and granted by and from our faid fovereign lord fhe King and her leff. 3. c. 2. Highnefs to fUndry of their mojl loving Jubjetls, to whom alfo it hath been and is no fmall charge 'to' attend, until fuch time as they may procure and obtain the fign manual of her Highnefs unto their fatd letters patentSy giftSy grants, exchanges, confirmations and leafes, without which fign the fame are utterly void by force of the Jaid fiatute, to the great danger, lot's, and utter undoing of divers per fans that have lately bought, purchafed or obtained of our faid fovereign lord and lady, the King and Spueerls majefiies divers lands, tenements and other hereditaments, to their great cofis and charges:

III.	For remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority of

this prefent parliament. That the faid branch or article touching or concerning only the figning of letters patents, gifts, grants, exchanges, confirmations, leafes or of other writings, *or any	benefices,	offices, revenues, fruits or other he-

*3‘ ' * reditamehts, (hall be from henceforth clearly repealed, and made fruftrate and void to all intents and purpofes.

A confirms-	IV. And be it further enadted by authority of this prefent

tionof former parliament, That all and fingular letters patents touching or grants or concerning any gift, grant, exchange, confirmation, leafe or ot^er writing, the which fithence the faid marriage hath Qjeen’s fign Puffed and been made of any benefices, offices, manors, lands, manual, tenements, revenues, fruits, liberties or other hereditaments, or of any of them, in the nafties of our moft dread fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen’s, majefiies, (the warrant of writing, or warrants or writings whereof, being figned with her Highnefs fign manual, in fuch form, order, and degree, as the.fame heretofore hath been accuftomed to be figned when her * Highnefs was foie and unmarried) (hall be by authority of this prefent parliament of the fame like force, ftrengtb and effect in the law, to ^11 intents, CQnftrudtions ?qd purpofes,

as

A repeal of the before rehearfed branch of the ftatute of

*554-3-Anno primo & fccurvdoPhilippi & Marine, c. 2,-4. 27

as if the fame were or had been figned by her Highnefs fign manual, and as if her Majefty had been at the time of the making thereof foie and unmarried, and as they were before the making the faid adt; the faid eftatute, or any branch or article therein contained to the contrary in any wife nofwith-ftanding.

CAP. II.

Whofoever (hall wear (ilk in or upon his hat, bonnet, girdle, fcabbard, hofe, (hoes or fpurleathers, (hall be three months imprifoned, and forfeit x. li. except mayors, aldermen, &c. If any perfon knowing his fervant to offend, do not put him forth of his fervice within xiv. days, or do retain him again, he (hall forfeit C. li. R£P* i Jac. i. c. 25.

cap. ra.

A confirmation of the (tat. of 3 Ed. j. c. 34. and 2 R. 2. fiat. 1. c. 5* touching telling of news. Juftices of peace in every (hire, city, &c.

(hall have authority to hear and determine the faid offences, and to put the faid two ftatutes in execution. If any perfon (hall be conviOed or attainted for fpeaking malicioufly of his own imagination, any falfe,

(editious and (landerous news, faying, or tales, of the King or Queen, then he (hall for his firft offence be fet on the pillory in fome market place near where the words were fpoken, and have both his ears cut off, uniefs he pay to the Qtieen an hundred pound within one month after judgment given, 'and alio (hall be three months imprifoned: and if he (hall fpeak any fuch flanderous andfeditious news or tsues of the (peaking or report of any other, then he (hall be fet on the pillory, and have one of his ears cut off, uniefs he pay an hundred tnancs to the Queen's ufe within one nipnth after, and (hall be one month imprifoned: and if he do it bv book, rhime, ballad, letter or writing, he (hall have his right hand (tricken off. And if any perfon being once convi&ed of any of the offences aforesaid, do afterward offend, he (hall be imprifoned during bis life, and forfeit all his goods and cattels. EXP. 4 & 5. Ph. & M. c. 9. 1 Eliz. c. 6.

CAP. IV.

An aft againft certain perfons calling tbmfehes Egyptians.

WHERE in a parliament holden at Weftminftcr /a the xxii. Punfthment year ef the reign of our late fovtreign lord King Henry the for bringing Eighth, (for the avoiding and bantjbmg out of this realm of certain Egyptians outlandijb people calling themfelves Egyptians, uftng no craft nor feat of nurchandifes for to live by, but going from place to place in al jj/s. c’10. great companies, uftng greats fubtil and crafty means to deceive the Enforced and King's fubjefiSy bearing them in bandy that they by pahmfiry could explained by tell mens and womens fortuneSy andfo many times by craft and fub~ 5 tilty deceive the people of their moneyy and committed divers great qnd 3 heinous felonies and robberies, to the great hurt and deceit of the peo-. pie $) (2) it was amongft other things then enaftedy That from the time of the making thefaid aft no fuch perfons fiould be fuffered to come within this the King's realm* upon pain of forfeiture to the King of all their goods and cbattehy and then to be commanded to avoid the realm wtthin fifteen days next after the commandmenty upon pain of imprifonment; (3) and fuch perfons calling themfehes Egyptians, as were then wtthin this realm* Jhould depart within fixteen days next after proclamation of the faid afty upon pain ofim~ prifonmenty and forfeiture of all their goods and chattels, with divers other claufes ana articles contained in the faid afty as by the faid aft

The penalty for bringing of Egyptians fotb this realm*

28 Anno primo & fecundo PHILIPPI & Maria. C.4. [1554?

1 mere at large it appeareth : (4) foraftmuh at divers of the /aid company, and fuch other like perjons, not fearing the penalty of the fold Jlatute, have enterprifed to come over again into this realm, ufing their old-accuftomed devilijb and naughty practices and devices, *	with	fuch	abominable	living	as	is	not in, any chrijlian realm to be per-

mitted, named or known, and be not duly punijbed for the fame* to the perillous and evil example of our fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen's majejlies moft loving fubjefts, and to the utter and • extreme undoing of divers: and many of them, as evidently doth appear :

, II. For reformation whereof,'be it ordained and enacted by the King and Queen our fovereign lord and lady, the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent par* liamenjt afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons after the laft day of January next coming do willingly tranfport, bring or convey into this realm of England or Wales, any fuch perfons calling themfelves, or commonly called, Egyptians, that then he or they fo tranfport* ing, bringing' or conveying in any fuch perfons, contrary to the true meaning of this alt, {hall forfeit and lofe for every time fo offending, forty pounds of lawful money of England.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, h*y for Egyp- That if any of the faid perfons called Egyptians, which fhall be main fo Eng- tranfport^d an<* conveyed into this realm of England or Wales land a month.a* ls aforefaid, do continue and remain within the fame by the (pace of one month, that then he or they fo offending (hall by virtue of this alt be deemed and judged a felon and felons, (2) and (hall therefore fuffer pains of death, lofs of lands and goods, as in cafes of felony, by the order of the common law of this realm, (3) and (hall upon, the trial of them or any of them therein fo tried in the county, and by the inhabitants of of the county or place, where they or he (nail be apprehended or taken, and not per medietatem lingua, (4) and (nail lofe the benefit and privilege of fenltuanr and clergy.

The penalty IV. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, for the Egyp- That if the Egyptians, or other perfons commonly calling them* to tarryW ^vcs ^pP^tsns, and every of them, now being within this ‘ * Jana.

It (ball be fe-

fo England

realm oCEngland or Wales, do not depart out of the fame within xx. days next after proclamation of this prefent alt (hall be made, that then he or they which (hall not depart within the faid time, according to the true meaning of this alt, (hall for* feit and lofe all his and their goods and chattels, and that then it (hall be lawfal to all and every the King's and Queen's fub-jelts to feize the fame ; the one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of our fovereign lord and lady, the King and Queen, and the ^ther moiety thereof to be to the ufe of him or them that (hall fo feife the feme.

.	V. And be it alfo enalted by the authority aforefaid. That

not to depart;S	t*lc Egyptians, and other perfons commonly called Egyptians,

within forty and every of them, now being within this realm of England or days.	Wales, do not depart out and from the fame within xl. days

next after proclamation (hall be made of this all, that then he

or

The penalty

1554*1 Anno £ritno & fecundo Philippi & Marias. c.5.	29

or they which (hall not depart and avoid within the faid time of ad. days, according to the true meaning of this aft, (hall be judged and deemed according to the laws of this realm of England a felon and felons, and (hall fuffer therefore pains of deaths lofs of lands and goods, as in other cafes of felony, and (hall be tried as is aforefaid, and without having any benefit or privilege of fanftuaiy or clergy.

VL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The penalty That if any perfon after the firft day of January next coming jjw h»n2 (hall fue for the obtaining of any licence, letter or pafiport, for any of the faid perfons called Egyptians to abide or continue JijjJy £„g. within this realm of England or Wales, contrary to the tenor land, of this aft, that then every fuch perfon fo filing (hall forfeit and lofe for the fame xl.li. of lawful money of England', (2) and that every fuoh licence, letter and pafport, (hall be by virtue of this aft void to all intents and purpofes; (3) the one moiety of all which (urns of money, to be forfeited as is aforefaid, (hall be to the King and Queen our fovereign lord and lady, and the other moiety thereof to be to him or them that will fue for the fame in any court of record, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efioin, wager of law nor proteftion (hall be admitted and allowed.	■	'

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority A prorifo for aforefaid. That, this prefent aft, nor. any thing therein con- Egyptian* tained, (hall not extend or be hurtful to any of the faid perfons commonly called Egyptians, which within the faid time of xx. days next .after the faid proclamation to be made as is aforefaid, (hall leave that naughty, idle and ungodly life and com*

E, and be placed in the lervice of fome honed and* able inant or inhabitants: within this realm, or that (hall honeftly exercife himfelf in . fome lawful work or occupation, but that he or they fo continuing in fervice, or other lawful work or occupation, (hall (during fuch time as he or- they (half fo continue), be difcharged of all pains and forfeitures contained in this aft. -

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority To wfiatper-aforefaid, That this aft fhall not in any wire extend to anyfons *.h child or children, being not above the age of thirteen years, nor to any of the faid perfons being now in prifon, fo. that he or they fo being in prifon do depart out of this realm within fourteen days next after his or their delivery out of -prifen.; (2) nor fhall extend to charge any manner of perfon or perfons as accefiary to any offence or offences contained or fpecified in this ftatute.

CAP. V.

An a£t to reftrain carrying of corn, viBuals and wood over

the feas.

WHERE AS fundry good ejlatutes and laws have been ma^Nocorn,Scc-within this realm, in the time of the Queen's highnefs mojlparted outof noble progemtorSt "that none Jbrnld tranfport, carry or convey out (his realm

of

30 Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Marine, c.5. [1554-

without li-	of this rtalm into any place in the parts beyond the fias any corn,

cence.	butter, cheefe or other victual, (except only for the vi&ualling of the

towns of Calais, Haines and Guifnes, ana themarcbes of the fame) upon divers great pains and forfeitures in the fame contained; (2) that notwitbjlanding many and Jundry covetous and unjatiabk perfons, feeking their, only lucres and gains, have and daily do carry ana convey innumerable quantity* as well of corn, cheefe, butter and other victual,'as of wood out of this realm into the parts beyond the feas, by reafon whereof the faid com, victual and wood are grown unto a wonderful dearth and extreme prices, to the great detriment of the commonwealth of this your Higbnefs realm, and your faithfulJubjeCts of the fame:

Penaltics for II. For remedy whereof, it may pleafe your Highnefs that tranfporting jt may be ena&ed, and be it ena&edby your Hignefs, by the cheefe a^ent the. lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons; in out of this* this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the realm. fame. That no manner of perfon or perfons, after the xx. day F°r**Pj>rta- of January next coming, mall carry and tranfport out of this rca™ by any {hip, crayer or other veffel whaifoever, into any Jac. 1. c. 11. place in the parts beyond the feas, or into the realm of Scotland, iW.itM. any wheat, rye, barley or other com or grain growing within this realm, or any malt made within the fame, or any beer,

W.&M?c. s. butter, cheefe, herring or wood (except only to and tor the Owners incur vi&ualling and furniture of the towns of Calais, Hames and no forfeiture Guifnes,. and .to the town of Berwick, and the marches of the unlefccon- k fame) without fufficient and lavfful authority lb to do; (2) tranft^rdne:h UP°11 pains and penalties hereafter enfuirig; that is to fay, 5El.cP5.f.2*T the owner, and owners of the faid (hips and other veflels, to forfeit the faid {hips, crayers and other veffels, with all their apparels to them and every of them belonging, wherein the faid corp, butter, cheefe, herring, vi&ual or wood (hall be tranf-ported and carried; (3) and the owner and owners of the faid com, butter, cheefe, herring and wood, to forfeit the double value of the fame fo carried and conveyed: (4) and the matter arid mariners of every of the faid mips, crayers arid veflels, for every fuch offence to forfeit all their goodsj and to be impri-foned by the fpace of one whole year, without bail or mainprife* The penalties m, And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons after the faid twentieth day of butter, &c/ January do carry and convey away by boat, crayer or other to any (hip to veffel, of otherwife, any wheat, rye, barley, malt, or other be tranfport- com or grain, or any beer, butter, cheefe, herring or wood, to any (nip or veffel being on the feas or within any haven, creek or other place of the border of this realm, to be tranf-ported, carried and conveyed into any place in the parts beyond the feas, or into the realm of Scotland, without fufficient authority fo to do, that then every owner of the faid vi&uals, corn or other things aforefaid fo tranfported or carried, and the '	owner and owners of every fuch boat or veflel, and the boatman

and mariners of the fame, (hall, lofe forfeit and fuffer all fuch forfeitures, pains and penalties as is above rehearfed: (2) the

1554O Anno prime & feeundo Phiuppi & Marine, c.5.	31

one moiety of all and every which forfeiture and forfeitures to be to the King and Queen’s highnefs, their heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame, by bill, information, aCtion of debt or otherwife, in any pf the King and Queen’s highnefs courts of record, in which aftian* bill or fuit the defendant ihall not wage his law, nor have any eflbin or protection to him allowed.	; *

IV.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if The penalty

, any perfon or perfons (hall obtain of the King and Queen’s for ttanfport-majefties their heirs or fucceflors, or any of them, any licence	more corn,

to carry and tranfport any corn, viftual or wood into any parts p^ty u li- C beyond the feas, that it he or they to whom any fuch licence oenced to do ; (hall be granted, or any other to whom fuch perfon or perfons having fuch licence (hall give, grant or fell his or their faid licence unto, (hall carry and convey, or caufe to be carried and conveyed, any more com, victual or wood, than (hall be contained in his or their faid licence, he (hall forfeit the treble value of the faid com, victual or wood fo carried and transported without fufficient authority, and (hall fuffer imprifon-ment for one whole year in the common gaol where he (hall be apprehended, there to remain withbut bail or mainprife,

V.	And be it further enacted by* the authority aforefaid. They which That no manner of perfon or perfons after the faia twentieth

day of January, that (hall obtain or 'have any fuch licence for	place*

tranfporting and carrying any corn, yiC^ual or wood into any	v

parts beyond the feas^ (hall (hip, lade and fraight the fame, or any part thereof, at fundry places within this realm, but at one place .certain : (2) upon pain of forfeiture of the faid corn, victual and wood and all his goods and chattels \ the one moiety thereof to the King and Queen’s majefties, their heirs and (ucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will fue for the fame, by aCtion of debt, bill* pdimt, information or otheiwile, wherein no \vag^r,pf law> efipiji or protection (hall be to him or them allowed.

VI.	And for the better execution of the aft, be k'further of enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all and Angular juftices he^

of peace, as well within the liberties as without, within their termmetlief* * feveral authorities and comihifiiqns, at .any time within three offences, years next after fuch offences committed, (hall haVe full power and authority to inquire, as well by the oaths of twelve Iaiwfiil men, as alfo to hear and examine the matter, matters 'and * mariners of the faid (hips, crayers and ekher. veflels,* afld ail and . every perfon other and perfons of all and'Angular tite offenders againft this prefent aft, and to hear and determinefhe fame offences, as they may and ought to hear and determine any other trefpafies or offences.	*	*	\	.

VII* Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority The prices of aforefaid. That at* all time and times hereafter when the com- com when mon price of com within this realm is, that wheat (hall not exceed the price of fix (hillings eight-pence the quarter,tran po ^ (2) and rye four (hillings the quarter, (3) and barl

2

3a Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Marl®. c.6,7. [1554.

Farther provi- (hillings the quarter, (4) it (hall be lawful to every perfon and ?®n, re|ati,,F perfons to cany and tranfport over the fea to any place beyond ijBLc. 13. *he ^eas at t*1®r pleafure, any of the faid kinds of corn, fo that and i’jac. V. it be not to the Kingand Queen’s enemies, c. i*. c. 25. f. a60 irjac. 1. c. 28. f. 3. 3 Car. t. c. 4. f. 24. iW.&M, fefT. 1. c. 12.

Victualling of VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a fljip, aforefaid. That this act ne any thing herein contained (hall extend to any perfon or perfons for the neceflary victualling of any (hip, (hips or other veflels, but that they ancl every of them may victual the faid (hips and veflels, as they might have done before the making of this prefent aft ; this aft or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

™%*i™r*Vs IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority referred.011 aforefaid, That this act ne any thing therein contained (hall not be prejudicial or hurtful unto the lord great admiral of England for the time being, or to the King and Queen’s majefties ju-rifdiction of the admiralty, but that the (aid lord admiral, or his deputy or deputies, may and (hall exercife, ufe and execute, all kind of jurifdiction belonging to the fea, according to his or their commifiions, as they might lawfully have done heretofore; this act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. VI-

A reriver of the ftatute of 5 R. 2. flat. 2. c. 5. concerning arrefting of heretical preachers, and of the (btuteof t H. 4. c. 15. touching reprefling of heretics and punilhment of hecedcks, and of the ftatute of* 2 H. 5. c. 7. concerning the enormity of herefy and loUardy, and the fuppreiiion thereof. Repealed by 1 El. c. 1. f. 15.

CAP. VII.

An aft that perfons dwelling in the countryJhall Hot fell divers wares in cities or towns corporate by retail.

No country	TX7 HERE before this time the ancient cities, borough, towns

perfon (hall V V corporate and market-towns within this realm of England Ml wares by })avt been very populous, and chiefly inhabited with merchants, arts-dtyortown *** bamcraftfmen, during which time the children in the faid corporate, but cities, boroughs, towns corporate and market-towns, were civilly in open fain, brought up and inflrufted, and alfo the faid cities, boroughs and towns corporate, kept in good order ana ebeifance, and the tnhabiters of the The rich fanu	&	work, and kept from idlenefs; (2) byrtafon where-

where, of, the faid cities, boroughs assd towns corporate, did then prefper in cities, bo.	tn riches and great wealth, and were as then	not only able to ferve

roughs and	gnd fumijb	the King and Sueeris majefties,	and other their noble

^d^eretcfbre Progenitors Kings of this reams, as well with great numbers of good flouriih. able perfons, and Will furmjbed, met for the wars, as alfo then charged, and yet chargeable with greatfee-farms, quindifmes, tastes, and divers other payments to the Kingand Queen's majefties, which at this prefent	they be not able to pay and bear,	but to their utter undoing, being	few in number to pay and bear	the fame •> but alfo the

fame

1554*] Anno prime & fecundo Philippi & Marine* c.y. 33

fame cities, boroughs and towns corporate, are like to come very Jhortly to utter deflruftion* ruin and decay .\ (3) by reafon whereof the oc- The caufe of cupiers, linen-drapers, woolen drapers, baberdajbers and grocers ^ dcc*y °* dwelling in the countries out of the faid cities, boroughs>	roughs amd

corporate and market-towns* do not only occupy the art and myftery market-town* ^ the faid fciences in the places white they dwell and inhabit, to/ 5 Mod. 149, alfo come unto the faid cities, boroughs* towns corporate and market-towns, and there fell their wares* and take away the relief of the inhabitants of the faid cities, boroughs* towns corporate and mar-ket-townSy to the great decay and utter undoing of the inhabitants of the fame, if fpeedy reformation therein be not had in time convenient : (4) for remedy whereof and for the better amendment of the faid cities, boroughs, towns corporate and market^toUms, and to the end the fame cities, boroughs and towns corporate may be the better1 able to pay the faid fee-farms, and alfo to bear the other ordinary charges within the fame cities, boroughs and towns corporate, and to fumifb the King and Jgueen’s majeflies with numbers of able perfons, like as they heretofore have done in times paji in times of war:

II.	Be it therefore enadted by our fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen, the lords Spiritual and temporal, and the . commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That any perfon or perfons which do now inhabit and dwell, or hereafter (hall inhabit or dwell* in the country, any where, or county within this realm of England, out of any of the faid cities, boroughs, towns corporate' or market-towns, from and after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, fhall not fell or caufe to be fold by retail, any woolen doth, linen doth, haberdafhery wares, grocery wares,' mercery wares, at or within any of the faid cities, boroughs, towns corporate, or market-towns, or within the fuburbs dr liberties of the faid cities, boroughs, towns corporate and market-towns, within the faid realm of England, (except it be in open fairs); (2) upon pain to forfeit and lofe for every time fo offending, the fum of vj. $. viij.d. and the whole wares fo fold, profered and offered to &e fold, contrary to die form intent and effedt of this prefent act, as above is faid ; (3) the one moitety of all which forfeitures

to be to the ufe of pur laid fovereign lord and lady, the King and Queen’s majefties, and the other half to him or them that fhall feize and fue for the fame in any of the King and Queen’s courts of record, by bill, plaint, action of debt, information or otherwife, wherein no eflbin, protection or wager of law fhall be allowed.

III.	Provided alway. That this act fhall not in any wife Selfoig by extend nor be hurtful to any perfon or perfons, that bring any wbolefale in of the faid woolen doth, linen cloth, haberdafh, grocery, grc>fs,andnoS mercery ware or wares, to any of the faid cities, boroughs* reta,l> towns corporate or market-towns, to be fold, or caufed to be

fold by wholefale in grofs and not by retail; but that they and every of them may lawfully fell the lame in as large and ample manner form, and condition, by whqkfidt* jn grofs, and not by

Vol. VI.	D	retail.

34 Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Mari/e. c.8. [1554:

retail, as they and every of them might have done at any time or times before the making of this act ; any thing herein to the contrary notwithftanding.

One dwelling IV. Provided alway, That this prefent act (hall not extend in the country to any perfon or perfons that now dwell or inhabit in the coun-beeo^ftee or toeafter toll dwell or inhabit out of any of the faid ofa city, bo- cities, boroughs, towns corporate or market-towns, but that rough, wc.	they and every of them at any time hereafter, when they or

any of them mail be free of any of the guilds and liberties of any of the laid cities, boroughs, towns corporate or market-towns, and dwell or inhabit within any of the lame cities, boroughs, towns corporate or market-towns, that they and every of them fo being free lhall and may fell, or caufe to be fold, any of the wares aforefaid, by retail, in as ample and large manner as they and every of them might have done, being free of the laid cities, boroughs and towns aforefaid, before the making of this act, any claufe or article in this act to the' contrary notwithftanding.

Any perfon V. Provided always, , and be it enacted by the authority may fell doth aforefaid. That it lhall be lawful to all perfons to fell or caule o^tiown to be fold by retail or otherwife, all manner of cloth, linen or eMXmg* woolen, of their own making, in every city, borough, town corporate and market-town within this realm, as freely and frankly as they might have done before the making of this act ; any thing in the feme contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

The liberties VI. Provided alway, That this act, or any tiring therein rod Oxford conta*ned> 'toll not be prejudicial or hurtful to the liberties and privileges of the universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them; any thing in this act heretofore mentioned to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. VIII.

An aft repealing all articlef and provijions made againfi the fee apoftolick of Rome, ftnee the twentieth year of King Henry the Eigbthy and for the eftabUJhment of all fpiritttal and ecclefiaftical pojjejjtons and hereditaments con-veyed to the laity.

s TXT'HEREAS fince the twentieth year tf King Henry the Eighth : fee V V of famous memory, father unto your Majefty our ntojl mtu~

All ((states

gainft the 1

peafccT* ra^ f°ye™Zn* and gracious lady and Queeny much'falfi and erroneous Much fake doftrine bath been taughty preached am written, partly by divers the do&rine hath natural-born fubjefts of this realm, and partly being brought in hither been preached from fundry other foreign countries, hath been fowen and fpreaiabroad fince'thexx. Wlt^in the fame: (2) by reafin whereof as welljthe fpiritualty as year of King the temporally of your Highnefs realms and dominions havefwerved Hen. *. from the obediente of the fie apoftolick, and declined from the Card mal Pool unity of Chrift’s churchy and fo nave continued* until fuch time

Rometocall " >mr	being firfi.raifed up by Godt and fit in the feat

royal

1553*3	Anno primo &fecundo Philippi Sc Marl®, c.8. ‘ 35

royal over us, and then by his divine and graeious providence knit in the realm into marriage with the moji noble and virtuous prince the King our fovereign *hc ”8*1* lord your hujband* the popts boltnefs and the fee apoftolick fent hither unto your majejlies (as unto perfons undefiled* and by Goffs	y

goodnefs preserved from the common infe&ion aforefaid) ana to the whole realm* the moji reverend father in God the lord cardinal Pool, legate de latere, to caU us home again into the right way ' from whence we have all this long while wandered and frayed abroad•*

(3) and we* after fundry long and grievous plagues and calamities* feeing by the goodnefs of God our own errors* have knowledged the fame unto the faid mofi reverend father* and by him have been and are the rather at the contemplation of your Majejlies received and embraced into the unity and bofom of ChriJTs churchy and upon our humble fubmiffton gnd promife made for a declaration of our repentance* to repeal and abrogate fucb afts and Jlatutes as have been made in parliament Jince the faid twentieth year of the faid King Henry the Eighth* againf the Jupremacy of the fee apoftolick* as in our fub-mthion exhibited tp the faid moft reverend father in God by your Majeflies appeareth: the tenor whereof enfueth.

■fit. We the lords fpiritudl and temporal and the commons* af- The fuplica-fembUd in this prefent parliament* representing the whole body of the tion oiT be realm ^England, and the dominions ofthe fame* in the name of our parliament to felves particularly* and alfo of the faid body universally* in this our Que^to be fupplication directed to your Majejlies* with moft humble fust* that ^can to it may by your Grace's intercejjion and mean be exhibited to tie moji re- reduce then* verend father in God* the lord cardinal Pool, legate* fent fpecially into the «tho-hither from our mofl holy father tope July the Third ana the fee apoj- churc“* Colick of Rome, no declare ourfehes very forry and repentant of the fchifm and dtfobedience committed in this realm and dominions aforefaid againji the faid fee apoftolick* either by making* agreeing or executing any laws* ordinances or commandments* againji the fupre-macy of the faid fee* or otherwife doing or /peaking* that might im-pugne the fame: (%) offering ourfehes and promijjng by this our fupplication* that for a token and knowledge of our faid repentance* we be and JbaU be always ready* under and with the authorities of your Majejlies* to the uttermoft of our powers* to do that Jball lie in us foir the abrogation and repealing of the faid laws and ordinances in this prefent parliament* as well for ourfehes as for the whole body whom we reprefent: (3) whereupon we moft humbly defire your Majejlies* as perfonages undefiled in the offence of this body towards the faid fee* which neverthelefs God by his providence hath made fubjekl to you* fo to jet forth this our moft humble fuit* that we may obtain from the fee apoftolick* by the Paid moft reverendfather, as well particularly and generally* abfolution* releafe and difcharge from ail danger of fucb cenfures ana fentences* as by the laws of the church we be fallen into * (4) and that we may as children repentant be received into the bofom and unity of ChriJTs church* fo as this noble realm* with all the members thereof* may in this unity and perfect obedience to the fee apoftolick and popes for the time being* ferve God and your Majeflies, to the furtherance and advancement of his honour\ and glory.	(5) We are at the interceffton of your Majeflies* by the

D 2	authority

%

I

pluralities of D€ncfi()C8f taking of ferms by fpi-ritual men, and non-' refidencc.

36	Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Marine. c.8. [1554.

authority of our holy father pope July the Third and of the fee apojlolicky ajfoiledy difcharged and delivered from excommunications, interdictions and other cenfures eccleftajlicaly which hath hanged over our heads for our faid defaults fince the time of the faid fchifm A repeal of all mentioned in our fupplication: (6) it may now like your MajefiieSy itatutes made that for the accomplijbment of our promife made in the faid Juppli-againft the cation, that isy to repeal all laws and Jlatutes made contrary to the an^feTapo-	fuPremacy and fa apojlolicky during the faid fchifin^ the which

ftolick fince	** io underfoodfince the xx. year of the reign of the faid late King

the time of	Henry the Eighth9 andfo the faid lord legate doth accept and recog-

the fchifm, nize the fame.

Theftatuteof < III. Where in the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter %\ H. s.c. 13, \n the Xxi. year of the reign of the late King df famous memory, King ma e again fjenry tbe Eighthy one aft was then and there made againjlpluralities of betieficeSy for taking of ferms by fpiritual men and for non-refidencey in the which at7, amongjl other things, it was ordained and enaftedy That if any perfon or perfonSy at am time after the firf day of April in the year of our Lord God one thoujandfive hundred and thirtyy contrary to the fame afty Jhould procure and obtain at the court of Rome, or elfewherey any licente or licentes9 union, tolerationy or dijpenfationy to receive and tale any more benefices with curt than was limited and appointed by the fame afty or eife at any time after the faid day Jhould put in execution any fuch licence toleration or difpenfation before that time obtained contrary to the faid afty that then every fuch perfon or perfons fo after the faid day filing for himfelfy or receiving and taking fuch benefice by force of fuch licence or li-tenceSy union9 toleration or difpenjation9 that is to fiayy the fame perfon or perfons only9 and no other, Jhould for every fuch default in-' cur the danger, pain and penalty of twenty pound Jlerlingy and Jhould atfo lofe the whole profits of every fuch benefice or beneficeSy as he receiveth or taketh 'by force of any fuch licence or UcenceSy union9 toleration or difpenfation: (2) and where alfo in the faid aft it Was ordained and enaftedy That if any perfon or perfons did procure or obtain at the court ofR ome, or eljewhere any manner of licence or difpenfation to be non-refident at their dignities, prebend or bene-JiceSy contrary to the faid afty that then every fuch perfon or perfons putting in execution any fuch difpenfation or licence for himfelfy from the faid firf day of April in the year of our Lera God MDXXX, Jhould run and incur the penalty 9 damage and pain of xx. 1 .Jlerling for every time fo doing, to be forfeited and recovered as by the faid aft ts declared9 and yet fuch licence or difpenfation fo procuredy or to be put in execution to be void and of none effect 9 as by the fame aft *	more plainly it doth and may appear.

A repeal of fo IV. Be it enafted by the authority of this prefent parliament, much of the That as much only of the faid aft as co'ncemeth the articles *iH?8?c. 13. an<* ^aufes aforefaid, and all and every the words and fen-as is above-3* tences contained in the faid aft, concerning the faid articles and claufes, and every of them, (hall from henceforth be repealed, adnulled, Tevoked, annihilated and utterly made void tor ever ; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

3	V.	And

mentioned.



1554J Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Mari-®. c.8.	37

V.	And where alfo at the feffim of the fame parliament holden H. 8. c. 9. upon prorogation in the xxiii. year of the reign of the faid late King

Henry the Eighth, one aft entituled, The aft that no perfon Jhall he cited out of the diocefe where he or jhe dwelleth, except in certain cafes %

VI.	And where alfo at the faid parliament, in the feffion holden *4	*•	c«	**•

at Weftminfter upon prorogation in the xxiv. year of the reign of

the faid late King Henry the Eighth, one aft was made, that appeals in fuch cafes as hath been ufed to be purfued to the fee of Rome, Jhould not from henceforth be had or ujed, but within this realm;

VII.	And where alfo at the find parliament holden at Weft- 21 H. 8. c. 20. minfter in the xxi. year of the reign of the faid late King Henry

the Eighth, and there continued by divers prorogations until the xiv. day of April in the xxvii .year of his reign, one aft was mack concerning reftraints of payments of annates andfirjl-fruits of arch-bijhopricks and bifhopricks to the fee of Rome.

VIII.	And where at a fefjion of the faid parliament holden in the 25 H. 8. c. 19. five and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King, there was

alfi one aft made, entituled, The fubmijfton of the clergy to the King’s majefty.	'

I	A. And one other aft, entituled, one aft refraining the faid 15 H. 8. c. *0. payments of annates or firfi-fruits to the bifbop of Rome, and of the elefting and conficrating of the archbijhops and bijbops within this realm.

X. And one other aft was then and there made, entituled, An a ft * 5 H. 8. c.*i. concerning the exoneration of the King’s fubjefts from exaftions and impojitions before that time payed to the fee of Rome, and for

having licences and dypenfations within this realm\ without fiuing further for the fame.

XI.	Be it enabled by the authority of this prefent parliament, A repeal of That the faid feveral ads made for the reftraint of payments ^itedlta of the faid annates and firft-fruits, and all other the faid alts

made in the faid twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth years of the reign of the faid late King, and every of them, and all and every branch, article, matter and fentence in them and every of them contained, (hall be by authority of this prefent parliament from henceforth utterly void, made fruftrate.and repealed to all intents, conftru&ions and purpofes.

XIL And be it further enadtcd by the authority of this 26 H. 8. c. 1. prefent parliament. That all and every thefe adts following, that is to fay, one adk made at the feffion of the faid parliament holden upon prorogation at Wejlminjler in the xxvi. year of the reign xA the faid late King Henry thn Eighth, entituled.

An adt concerning the King’s highnefs to be Supreme head of the church of England, and to have authority to reform and re-drefs all errors, herefies and abufes in the fame;

XIII.	And one other adl made in the fame feffion. of the fame 26 H. 8. c. 14* parliament,.entituled. An adt for nomination and confecration

of fuffragans within this realm ;

XIV.	And one other adk made in the xxvii. year of the reign *7 H. 8. c. 15. of the faidJate Kang Henry the eighth, entituled. Ah adk

D 3	whereby

38 Anna prime & fecunda Philippi & Marijb. c.8. [i554.

whereby the King (hould have power to nominate thirty-two perfons of his clergy and lay-fee for tho making of ecclefiafticai laws.

*3 H. 8. c. io. XV. And alfo one other ad made at the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, entituled, An ad extin-guilhing the authority of the bimop of Rome ;

28 H. 8. c. x6. XVI. And alfo one other ad made in the fame parliament, entituled. An ad for the releafe of fuch as then had obtained pretended licences and difpenfetions from the fee of Rome;

*8 H. 8. c. 7. XVII. And alfo all that part of the ad made in the faid eight and twentieth year of the faid King,* entituled. An ad for the eftabliihment of the fucceffion of the i/nperial crown of the realm, that concemeth a prohibition to marry within the degrees expreffed in the faid ad;

31H. 8. c.9. XVIII. And alfo one other ad made at the parliament holden at Weftminjier. in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, entituled. An ad au-thorifing the King’s highnefs to make bifliops by his letters patents;

H. 8. c. 38. XIX. And one other ad made in the feflion of the fame parliament, begun in the faid one and thirtieth year, holden upon prorogation the two and thirtieth year of the reign of the faid King Henry the Eighth, entituled. An ad concerning pre-contrads of marriages, and touching degrees of confan* guiruty;	,

35 H. 8. c. 3. XX. And one other aft made in the parliament holden at

Wefirmnfter in the xxxv. year of the reign of the.faid late King I Henry die Eighth, entituled, an act for the ratification of the ] King’s majefty’s ftyle; (2) fhall henceforth be repealed, made fruftrate, void and of none effect;

35 H. (. c. 1. ^ XXI. And where alfo at the faidparliament holden at Weftminfter in the five and thirtieth year of the reign of the faid Me King Henry the Eighth, one other aft was made, entituled, An aft concerning the JlabliJbmtnt of the fuccejfim of the faid King in the imperial crown of this realm: in the which aft there is a firm of a corporal oath devifed and fet forth, that every fuhjeft of this realm fhould be hound to take, againjl the power, authority and jurifdiftion of the fet of Rome: (2) be it enafted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That fo much of the faid act as toucheth the faid oath againft the fupremacy, and all oaths thereupon had, made and given, (hall be from henceforth utterly void, repealed and 1 .	of none effect.	i

37 Hi 8. c. 17. XXII. And where alfo one other aft was made in the feven and 1 thirtieth year of the reign if the faid late King Henry the Eighth, entituled, An aft that doftors of the civil law, being married, might A repeal of	txercife ecclefiafticaijurifdiftion: (2) be it enacted by the authority

1*4 fL7te	pfofent	parliament,	Tnat	the faid act laft before men-

ttoned, and all and every branch, article, fentence and matter ’ contained in the fame, mall from henceforth be repealed and ' utterly made void and of none effect.

XXUI. And

i554r] Anno prfmo & lecundo Philippi & Marine, c.8.	39

XXIII.	And wbert one other off was made at the firjl fejfton of A repeal °f m. the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the firjl year of the reign , Ed.6* ef King Edward thefixth, entituled, An a£l for the repeal ef certain c, f. 7. ' fiatutes concerning treafons felonies, &c. In thTwhicb ait, amongft ether hereafter fpe* things, there is contained certain provident, pains, penalties and for- cified. features, fer and agcunftfitch as Jbomd by open preachings, exprefs words, payings, writing, printing, overt-deed or ait, affirm or Jet forth, that the King of this realm, for the time being, is esot Brought net to be the Jupreamhead on earth ef the tburthes of England and Ireland, ne of any ef them, or that the bijhep of Rome or aery ether perfen or perfons, other than the King of England fer the time being, is or ought to be fupream head of thejahte churches, or any of them, as in the fame ait loft before relearfid mere at large is contained and may appear: (2) be it enaded by the authority of this prefent parliament, That thefe claufes before rehearfed, and other of the faid aft concerning the fupremacy, and all and every branch, article words and fentertce in the fame, founding or tending to the derogation of the fupremacy of the pope’s holinefs, or the fee of Rone, and all pains, penalties and forfeitures made agamft them that fhould by any means fet. forth and extol the laid fupremacy, Dull be from henceforth utterly void, and of none efied.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, A repeal of all That all daufes, fentenccs and articles of every other ftatute or

ad of parliament, made frthence the faid twentieth year of the *g^*~^^* reign of King Henry rite Eighth, againft the fupream authority pope or(ct of the pope’s holinefs, or fee apoftolick of Rome, or containing apoftolick. any other matter of the fame effed only, 'that is repealed in any of the ftatutes aforefaid, fhall be alfo by authority hereof from henceforth utterly void, fruit rate and of none effed.

(2)	And where we your mojl humble fubjeils, the lords fjftritual ana tentporal, and commons, tn this prefent parliament qnembled, have exhibited to your Majejlies one other fupplication in form fob-lowing :

XXV.	We the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in Application this prefent parliament ajfembled, reprefenting the whole body of this by the parlia-realm, reduced and received by your Majejlies intercejfion to the unity ™f.n|tbat thr® ef ChriJTs church, and the obedience of the fee apoftonck a/Rome, and

the pope?s holinefs governing the fame, make mojl humble Jiiit unto your Majejlies to be likewife means andintercejfors, that alt occeajions of contention, hatred, grudge, JitJpicion and trouble, both outwardly and inwardly in mens confciences, which might arife amongft us by reafon of difobedience, may by authority of the pope's holinefs, and by mmiftration of the fame unto us by the moft reverendfather in God the lord Cardinal Pool, by difpenfation, toleration or permijfton refpeftively, as the cafe Jhall require, beabolijhedand taken away, and by authority fufficient thefe articles following, and generally all others, whenany octafion Jhall require, may be provided for and confirmed.

XXVI.	Firjl, That all bijbeprieks, cathedral churches, bofpitals, Ecdefiaftical colleges, febooh and ether fitch foundation's now continuing, made by

D 4	authority

40 hmo primo 8c fecundo Philippi & Marine, c.8. [1554.

thtfcbifm authority of parliament, or otherwife efiablifbed according to the order mil continue. 0f fa lotus 0f fas realm, Jithence the fcbifm, may be confirmed and continued for ever. ,

Marriages. XXVII. Item, That marriages made infra gradus prohibitos ponfangtrinitatis, affinitatis, cognationis fpiritualis, or which might be made void propter impedimentum pubticaehondfiatis,]uftttide, or for any other caufe prohibited by the canons only, may be confirmed, and children bom of thofe marriages declared legitimate, fo as thofe marriages were made according to the taws of the realm for the time being, and be not direfify againfi the laws of God, nor in fuch cafe as the fee apofiolick hath not ufed to dijpence withal.	.

Inftitutions of XXVIII. That infiitutions of benefices, and other promotions eccle-dilbenfSiont	and	difpenfattons made according to the, form of the 4ft of

p n ' parliament, may be likewife confirmed.

Judicial pn>-	XXIX. That all judicial procefs made before anp ordinaries of this

cedes made realm, or before any delegates upon any appeals, according to the order upon appeals. 0f fa iaWS tf fats realm, may be likewife ratified and confirmed.

The lands and	XXX. Andfinally, where certain alts andflatutet hem been made

goods ofbi- in fa tim 0f fa lau fchifm, concerning the lands and hereditaments p^eries/”0' urchbi/bopricks aw.bijhopritks, the fupprejfion and diffoUtion of Jchantries, dif* monqfierm, abbeys, priories, chantries, colleges, and all other the goods perfed, (hall fo and chattels of religious houfes; fence the which time the right and fqntinue.	dominion of certain lands and hereditaments, goods and chattels, be-

*	longing to the fame, be difperfed abroad, and come to the hands and

pojjefiions of divers andjundry perfqns, wbobygift, purchafe, exchange, and other means, according to the order of the laws andfiatutes of this realm for the time being, have thefame: (a) for the avoiding allfern* pies that might grow by (my the occafipns aforefaid, or by any other ways or means whatfogver, it may pleafe your Majeftks to be intercefe fors and mediators to thefaid mofl reverendfather CardmalPool, that all fuch cUufes and quarrels, as by pretence of the faid fcbifm, or by ' any other occafton or mean whatfoyer might be molted by the pope's bo~ Unefs or fee apofiolick, or by any other jurifdiffion ecckftqfiical, may be utterly removed and taken away; f 3) fo as (til perfons havingfuf-(	ficient conveyance of the faid lands (mdoereditctmenU, goods and chattels

as is aforefaid, by the comman laws, ails or fiatutes of this realm, may without fcryple of conference enjoy them without impeachment or trouble by pretence of any general council, canons or ecclefeajlifal laws, and clear from all dangers of the cenfetres of the church.

XXXt And conformably hereunto, the bijbops and clergy of the province of Canterbury have prefented to your Mate flies aApplication jn this tenor thqt foUowetb.

The clergy’s ^Qg 6pifpopi &c|crus Cantuarienfis provincue in hac fy-theUnds and ± " *>p4q iqore noftrq folito, dum Regni parliamentum cele-goods of the bratur, pongrqg^ti, cumomni debita humiliate & reverentia, clergy, late	exponitpus Majeftafijius veftris*quod licet ecclefiarum quibus in

difperfed epifeopos, decanos, archidiaconos, restores & vicarios praefe&i te^cfralty? fumus, & animaruin, quae &>obis curae noftrae fubje<ftae font, & might'lo re* earundum bonorum, jurifdidiQnum be juriym* $x facrorum ca-? mam. .	nonuqi

V

(i554* Anno prime & fecundo Philippi & Maris, c.8.	41.

nonum difpofitione, dcfenfores & curatores conftituti fumus, & propterea ipfarum bona, jurifdi&iones, & jura m perniciofo hujus Regni praeterito fchifmate deperdita & amifla, omni Audio,

& totis noftris viribus recuperare, & ad priftinum ccclefiarumjus revocare, juris ranediis niti demeremus: (3) nihilominus ta-men habito prius per nos fuper hac re maturo confillo, & deli* beratione, ingenue fatemur nos optime cognofcere quam hsec bonorum ecclefiaftieorum difficilis & quafi impoffibilis,effet re-cuperatio, propter multiplices ac pene inextriCabiles fuper bis habitos contractus & difpofitiones, & quod 6. ea tentaretur, quies & tranquillitas Regni facile perturbaretur, & unitas ecclefise ca-tholicse, quae jam pietate & authoritate Majeftatum veftrarum, hoc in regno introdu&a eft, cum maxima difficultate fuum de-bitum progreftum & finem fortiri poffet: (4.) Ideo nos bonum The clergy do & quietem publicam privatis commoditatibus, & falutem tot prefer the pub-animarum pretioio Cbrijli faneuine redemptarum terrenis bonis forc^eir pri-anteponentes, & non quae noftra fed quae Jefu Chrijli funt quae- vate commo-' rentes, Majeftates veftras enixe rogamus, eafque humiliter fup- dity. plicamus, ut reverendiffimo in Cbrijlo patri dqmino Reginald*

Cardinal! Polo, ad ipfas & univerfum hoc AngUa regnum fenc-tiftimi dommi noftri, domini Julii papae tertii, & apoftolicse fe-dis de latere legato, haec ndfnine noftro infinuari, 6c apud eum intercederedignentur, utin his bonis eccle/iafticis, in parte vel in toto, arbitrio mo juxta facultates fibi ab eodem fan&iffimo domino noftro papa conceflas, eorundem bonorum detentoribus, elar-giendis & relaxandis, publicum bonum privato, pacem & tran- The clergy’s quillitatem diffidiis& perturbatiotiibus, atque animarum falutem fuit that eede-bonis terrenis praeferre & anteponere velit. (5) Nos enim in omnibus quae ab ipfo legato ftatuta & ordinata circa hac bona ^ T&orel fuerint, exnunc, prout ex tunc, & econtra confenfum noftrum unto them, pneftamus, imo etiam & in pramiffis fe difticilem aut reftric- and that all turn reddere non velit, Majeftates veflne noftro nomine eum hor- wl!lch tari, & rogare dignafauntur. (6) Infuper Majeftatibus veftris bJTabrwat^ fupplicamus ut pro fua pietate efficere dignentur, ut ea quae ad ^ jurifdidbonem noftram et libertattm eccleiiafticam pertinent, fine quibus debitum noftri paftoralis officii 6c curae animarum nobis commiftae exercere non poiTumus, nobis fuperiorum tern-porum injuria ablata, reftituantur, & ea nobis & eccldise per-petuo illasfa & falvum permaneant, 6c ut oranes leges, quae hanc noftram jurifdidhonem 6c libertatem ecdefiafticam tollunt, feu quovis modo impediunt, abrqgentur, ad honorem D$i & Majeftatum veftrarum, & univerfi hujus regni fpirituale & tempo* rale commodum & falutem; (7) certam fpem etiam habentes,

Majeftates veftras, pro fua iingulari in ipfumDeum pietate, pro-que multis & infignibus ab ipiius Dei bonitate acceptis beneficiis, neceffitatibus, & inoommodis hujus fui regni ecclefiarum, maxi-me curam animarum habpntium, nunquam defuturas efie, fed prout opus fiierit, confulturas atque provifuras.

XXXII.	For(fmuch as tie faid mo ft reverendfather the lord legate^ at theintercejjwn ofyour Majejlies, hath by the authority of the fee

42 Anno primo & fedfodo Philippi & Marian c.8. [1554;

apoflolick Efficiently yifpenfed in the matters fpecified in tbejoid few* ratapplications^ as in Ms faid letters of difpenfation is centained mere at large; The tenor whereof enfuetb.

tioii of^rdl- (2)0 Eginaldus miferatione divina fan dbe Maria in Cofmodin nal Pool legate XV fandtse Romahae ecclefiae diaconus, cardinalis Poms nun-di latere. cupatus, ad ferenifiimos Philippum et Mariam^ Angliae reges, fi-d« defenfores, & univerfum Angliae regnum, fandtiffimi domini noftri papae & Cedis apoftolicse de latere lcgatus, eifdem fere-niffimis Philippe Sc Maria regibus falutem in Domino fempi-temam. (3) Cum fupremum conlilium iftius regni, parliamen-tum nuncupatum, Majeftatibus vcftris per fuos fupplices libellos expofuiifet, quod peraiciociffimo fchiunate in hoc regno alias vigente, quod nunc Dei mifericordia & Majeftatum veftrarum pietate extindhun eft, autboritate iplius parliament, nonnulli epifcopatus divifi, & ex his aliquae inferiores ecclefiae, in cathe* drales eredtae, & fcholae atque hofpitalia fundata, nec non pluri-mae difpenfationes & beneficiorum provifioncs fadfae fuerunt, ae xnultae perfonae quibus perfuafum roerat, juris canonici difpeii-fationes hoc in regnoamplius locum non habere, inter fein gra-dibus confanguimtatis vel affinitati* de jure prohibits, & aliis impedimentis canonicis fibi obftantibus^ matrimonia per verba de praefent contraxerunt, & multi adtus judiciarii. Sc proceflus, tarn in primis quam ulterioribus inftantiis fuper rebus fpirituali-bus Sc ecclefiafticis, coram judicibus tarn ordinariis quam dele-gatis, qui audloritate laicali procedebant, habiti et fervati, ac fuper eis etiam fententiae latae & promulgate fuerunt,* & bona ecclefiaftica per diverias ejufdem regni perfonas occupata & ap-prehenfa fuerunt: (4) Quae quidem, licet ex facrorunv cano-num inftitutis irrita dedarari pofient, tamen ft ad alium ftatum, quam in quo nunc funt, revocarentur, publica pax & quies uni-verii regni turbaretur, & maxima confufio oriretur, prsefertim fi didtorum bonorum pofleflbres moleftarentur: Sc propterea Ma-jeftatibus veftris humiliter fbpplicaverint, ut apud nos interce-dere dignentur, ut praemiftarum rerum firmitat & ftabilitati, & fimul hujus regni quiet & tranquillitati, de benignitate apofto-lica providerc velimus; (5) Cumque epifcopi quoque deinde ac reliquUs provincial Cantuarienfis clerus, totum fere corpus ec-clefiafticorum regni repraefentans, ad quos hsec bonorum ec-clefiafticorum caufa maxime pertnet, expofaerint, quod haec bona ad jus ecdefiarum revocari non pofiunt, quin pax univer-falis. Sc quies hujus regni turbetur. Sc caufa fidei atque unitatis ecclefiae, jam toto omnium confenfu hoc in regno introdudta, in maximum periculum adducatur; Sc propterea ipfi quoque fup-plicaverint, ut apud nos intercedere velint, ut in his bonis ecclefiafticis poflbfforibus relaxaridis reftridt & diffidles efle nolle-xnus, (6) Majeftates autem veftrae, ad quas maxime fpedtat providere, ut regnum ipfarum poteftati, regimini. Sc curae commifliun, in pace Sc tranquillitate confervetur, his fuppli-catonibus Sc poftulats cognitis Sc mature confidcratis judicaverint

1554*] Anno primo & fecundo Philippi Sc Mam.*. c.8.	43

ea omnia, & maxime ilia quae in bonorum ecclefiafticorunx caula petuntur, pro caula fidei, & pro pace publica, per nos de-bere fine ulla ddationeeonccdi, & quemadmodum rogataefueni nt apudnos infercedere dignatse fuerdnt; prout in fupplicatianibus per idem fupremum concilium & epifcdpos ac clerum praefatum Majeftatibus veftris porredtis, atqye in libello interceffianis per eafdem Majeftates veftras nobis fixnul cum aliis fupplicariontbua exhibito, latius apparet, (7} Idcirco nos qui ad Majeftates veftras Cardinal Pool Sc hoc nobiliffimumveftrum regnum, a fendtHfimo domino noftro fent to recon-Julio papa tertio, ipfius & fedis apoftolicae de latere legati mifficile the realm iumus, ut regnum iftud, quod jam diu ab ecdefise catholicse^9°“> unitatefeparatum fuerat, Deo & ecclefiae Gbrifliy ejulquein ter- church, and ris vicario reconciliaremus, &utea omnia quae ad pacem & tran- his vicar in quilitatem hujus regni pertinerent, omni ftudio procuraremus, earth, poftquam Dei benignitate, & Majeftatum vcftrarum pietate, per audtoritatem ejufdem fandtifiimi domini noftri papae, cujus vices hie fuftinemus, reconciliatio jam fadta eft, ut paci & tranquilli-tati regni praefati confulamus; (%) atque ut unitasecclefiae, ex qua falus anknarum pretiofo Cbrtfti fanguineredemptarum de-pendet, hoc in regno jam introdu&a, corroboretur, & falva par* maneat $. (9) cum utriufquc ret ftabilitatem in eo maxime con-fiftere, ft horum ecclefiafticorum bonorum pofteflbnbus moleftia nulla inferatur quo minus ea teneant, tot & tam gravia teftimo-nia nobis fidem faciant, (10) & Majeftatum Veftrarum inter-> ceffio, quae pro unitate ecclefise, & fedis: apoftolicae authoritate, hoc in regno inftauranda, tam ftudioie & tam pie elaborarunt, earn quam par eft authoritatem apud nos habeat, (11) & utuni-verfum hoc regnum fedis apoftolicae materaam vere indulgen-tiam,&charitatem ergafe, agnofeat & re ipfaexperiatur; (12) Quofcunquead quos infra feripta pertinent, a quibufvis, excom-gnmicationis, fufpenfionis Si interdidti aliifque ecclefiafticis fen-tenths, cenfuris & pcenis a jure vel ab homine quavis occafione vel caula latis, fi quibus quomodolibet innodati exiftant, ad ef-fedtum praefentium duntaxat confequendum harum ferie abfol-ventc* & abfolutos fore cenfentes, authoritate apoftolica, per literas landtiflimi domini noftri dom. Julij papae tertij nobis eoncefia, & qua fungimur in hac parte, tenore praefentium dif-penfamus; (13) quod omnes & lingulae cathedralium ecclefia-A confirms, rum eredtiones, hofpitalium & fcholarum fundationes, tempore tion of the praeteriti fchifmatis, lipet de fadto & nulliter attentatae in eo fta- cre®j®n tu in quo nunc funt, perpetuo firm* & ftabiles penpaneant, Niches hof-iliifique apoftolicae firmitatis robur adjirimus, ita ut non ea autho- pitals and ritate qua prius, fed ea quam nunc eis tribuimus, fadtae ab om- fchools, done pibus cenieantur. (14) Et cum omnibus & iingulis perfonisintirnc of regni praedidti, quae in aliquo confimguinitatis vel affinitatis AdUbenfation gradu etiam muJtiplici, vel cognationis fpiritualis feu publicae with certain ^ fioneftatis juftitiae impedimenta de jure pofitivo introdudris, & marriages, ip quibus fandUffimus dominus pofterpapa difpenfareconfuevit, The kg'1*’1™** matrimonia fdenter vd ignoranter de fadto contraxerint, ut ali- ^hl-quo impedimentorum praemiflorum nonobftante, in eorum matrimonii* fic contnsfti*, Jibere $tjidte remahcie, feu ilia de novo

$	contrahere

44 Annopriitio&fccurtdoPmLiPPi&MARiAiB. c. 8.	[i554.?

contrahere poffint, mifericorditer in Domino difpenfamus,. pro-lem fufceptam, fufcipiendam, legitimam decernentes, ita tamen ut qui fcienter & malitiofe contraxerint, a fententia excommu-nicationis, & ab inceftus feu facrilegij reatu, abfolutionem a fuo ordinario vel curato quibus id faciendi facultatem concedimus obtineant: (15) Ac omnes ecclefiafticas, feculares, feu quorum-vis ordinum regulares perfonas, quae aliquas impetrationes, dif-penfationes, conceffiones, gratias & indulta, tam ordines quam beneficia ecclefiaftica, feu alias fpirituales materias, praetenfa authoritate fupremitatis ecclefiae Anglican®, licet nulliter&de fadto obtinuerint, & ad cor reverfae ecclefiae unitati reftitutae fue-rint, in fuis ordinibus & beneficiis per nos ipfos, feu a nobis ad id deputatos, mifericorditer reeipietnus, prout jam multaere-ceptae fuerunt, fecumque fuper his opportune in domino difpen-A ratification fabimus. (16) Ac omnes procefliis in quibufvisinftantiis coram anSfentcnces <luibufvis judicibus, tam ordinariis quamdelegatis, etiamlaicis, in matters ec- hiper materiis fpiritualibus habitos & formatos, & fententias fu-defiaftical. per eis latas licet nulliter & de fadto, quoad nullitatem, ex de-fedta juriididtionis praefato tan turn infurgentcm, fanamus, illofque & illas authoritate apoftolica confirmamus. (17) Ac quibufvis hujus regni perfonis, ad quarum manus bona ecclefiaftica ex quocunque contradtu feu titulo onerofo vel lucrativo jam deve-nerint, illaque tenuerint, feuetiamteneant, omnes & quoicunque fradtus ex ejufdem bonis, licet indebite perceptos, in totum re-InfHtutions of mittimus & relaxamus: (18 ) Volentes ac decernentes, quod benefices, didtorum bonorum ecdefiafticorum tam mobilium quam imtno-bilium poflefiores praefati non pofiint in praefenti nec inpofterum, feu per conciliorum generalium vel provindalium difpofitiones, feu decretales Romanorum pontificum epiftolas, feu aliamquam-cunque cenfuram ecclefiafticam, in didtis bonis feu eorundem pof-feflione moleftari, inquietari vel perturbari, nec eis aliquas cen-furae vel poenae ecclefiafticas propter hujufmodi detentionem, feu The lands and non reftitutionem, irrogari vel infligi, (19) & fic per quofcunque goods of the judices & auditores fublata eis quavisaliter judicandi &interpre-chuJ*ch co^e tandi facultate & authoritate, judicari & definiri debere, & quic-of others&all fecus attemptaricontigerit, irritum & inane fore decemi-continue. mus, non obftantibus praemiflis dtfedtibus, & quibufvis apofto-licis, ac in provincialibus & fynodalibus conciliis editis, fpeciali-bus vel generalibus, conftitutionibus, & ordinationibus, caste-rifque contrariisquibufcunque: (20) Admonemustamen, cumdi-vifio epifcopatuum & eredtio cathedralium ecclefiarum fint de ma-joribus caufis, quae fuimno pontifici funt refervafcae, recurrendum efle ad fuam fandtitatem, & ab ea fuppliciter poftulandum, ut haec confirmare, feude novo facere dignetur; (ai) Etlicet omnes res mobiles ecclefiarum indiftindte eis qui eastenent relaXa-verimus, eos tamen admonitos efle volumes, ut ante oculos ha-bentes divini judicij feveritatem contra Bekhafarem Regem Baby-lonis, qui vafa facra non a fe, led a patre e templo ablata in prophanos ufus convertit, ea propriis ecdefiis fi extant, vel aliis An ndmoni- reftituant. (22) Hortantes etiam, & per vifcera miferifcordi® Jr* non to thofe ju Qbrijii obteftantes, eos omnes quos haec ces tangit, ut fldnris

1554*] Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Majriae. c.8.	45

fuse non omnino immemores, hoc faltem efficiant, ut dx bonis the goods of ecclefiafticis, maxime iis quae rationc parfonatuum& vicariatuum thc *“urch# populi miniftrorum fuftentationi fuerint fpecialiter deftinata, feu aliis cathedralibus, & aliis quae nunc extant inferioribus ecdeliis curam animarum exercentibus, ita provideatur, ut earun pafto-res, parfonae & vicarij commode & honefte juxta eorum quali-tatem & datum fuftentari poffint, & curam animarum laudabi-liter exercere, & onera incumbentia.congrue fupportare. Datum Lambeth prope Londinum, Wintonien. Diocefi. Anno nativit.

Dom. MDLlV. Nono Cal. Januarij, Pontif. SandtifT. in Chrifto patris, & Domini noftri, Domini Julij, divina providentia, papae tertii, anno quinto.

Reginaldus Cardinalis Polus Legatus.

(23) We the laid lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this prefent parliament adembled, rendring mod humble thanks to your Majefties, by whofe interceflion and means we have obtained the laid difpenfations of the pope’s ho-linefs, by the laid mod reverend father in God, his legate, mod humbly befeech the fame, that it may be ordained as followed):

XXaIII. And therefore be it enadted by the authority of this prefent parliament, That all and lingular articles and claules contained in the laid difpenfation, as well touching the eftablifh-ment of bilhopricks and cathedral churches, (2) as alfo the confirmation of marriages in degrees prohibited by the canons of the church, the legitimation of children, (3) and the ratification of procefs, and of fentences in matters eccleliadical, touching the invalidity of them for want of jurifdidtion, (4) and the inditutions and deditudons of and in benefices and promotions eccleliadical, difpenfations and graces given by fuch order as the publick laws of the realm then approved, (5) and all other things before contained in the faid letters of dilpenfations, (6) fhall remain and be reputed and taken to all intents and con-ftru&ions in the laws of this realm, lawful, good and effectual, to be alledged and pleaded in all courts eccleuadical and temporal, for good and diffident matter, either for the plaintiff or defendant, without any allegation or objection to be made againft the validity of them, by pretence of any general council, canon or decree to the contrary made or to be made in that behalf.

XXXIV.	And whereas divers and fundry late monajieries, priories, commandries, nunneries, deanaries, prebends, colleges, hot pitals, houfes of friers, chantries, and other religious and ecclefiajti-cal houfes and places, and the manors, granges, mejfuages, lands, tenements, reftories> tithes, penftons, portions, vicarages, churches, chapels, advmfons, nominations, patronages, annuities, rents, re-verfionsy fervices, and other pojfejfms and hereditaments to the faid late monajieries, priories, nunneries, commandries, deanaries, chantries, prebends, houfes of friers, colleges, hofpitals, and other religious and ealefiajlical houfes and places, ana fundry archbijbopricks and bijhopricRS within this realm, late appertaining and belonging,

The cardinal's difpenfation confirmed by parliament.

Monaiteries, and all their lands and hereditaments were given to King Hen. 8. by the ftatutes made 27 H. 8. c 28. * and 31 H. 8. c. 13.

cams

r J

46	Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Marine, c.8. C1554*

well to the hands and pojfejfions of the [aid King of famous* memory, Henry the Eighth, father unto your Majefiy our faid five-vereign Lady, by dijfilution, gift, grant, furrender, attainder or otherwife, as alfo to the hands and pojfejion of divers and fundry other per fins, and bodies politick and corporate, byfundry means, conveyances and ajfurances, according to the order of the laws and fia-tutes of this realm.

Chantries,col-	XaXV. And where alfo divers manors, lands, tenements and he-

leges, free cha- reditaments, parcel of the pojfefions of archbijhopricks and bijhop-|*js and their ricks, and many and fundry late deanaries, colleges, chantries, reffo-King*EdV.C6.t0 prebends, free chapels, guilds and fraternities, manors, houfes, Thefi&tatc of granges, lands, tenements, rents, fervices, and other ecclefiajlical pofi a Ed. 6. c. i+.Jefiions and hereditaments, goods and chattels to the faid archbijhopricks,

*	bijhopricks,	deanaries, colleges, chantriesfree chapels, reftories,

guilds and fraternities', late appertaining acid belonging, or appointed, to and for the finding of priefis, obits, lights, or other like purpofe, came as well to the hands and pojfejfions of the faid laJte noble King Edward the Sixth, brother unto your Majefiy our fivereign Lady, by virtue of an ait of parliament thereof made, or otherwife; as alfo to the hands and pojfejfion of divers and fundry other perfons, and bodies politick and corporate, by fundry means, conveyances and ajfurances, according to the order of the laws of this realm*, (2).a great number of which find late monafteries, priories, nunneries, eommandries, deanaries, colleges, hofpitals, prebends, chantries, free chapels, guilds and fraternities, and the manors, granges, mejfitages, lands, tenements, rents, reverftons, fervices, tithes, penfions, portions, vicarages, churches, chapels, advowfins, nominations, patronages, annuities and hereditaments, goods and chattels, to the fail monafteries, priories, nunneries, eommandries, deanaries, colleges, hofpttals, chantries, free chapels, guilds, fraternities and other ecclefiajlical houfes, archbijhopricks and bijhopricks belonging, as well fir great fums of money, as for other good and reafonable caufes and con-fiderations, have been conveyed and ajfured to divers the fubjetls and bodies politick of this realm, as well by the faid King Henry the Eighth, the faid King Edward the Sixth, and by your Highnefs our fovereign Lady, and jointly by both your Majefiies, as alfo by divers the owners of the faid ecclefiaflical pojfejfions 5 which fata conveyances and ajfurances by their fundry letters patents and other writings more

The cardinal’s plainly do and may appear.	(3) Fordfmuch as the faid mojl reverend

difpenfations father hath alfo by the faid difpenfations removed and taken away all moved"!?!re" ma1ter °f impeachment, trouble and danger, which by occafion of any trouble ^vhich ger^eral council, canon or decree ecclefiajlical, might touch and mfquiet by any eccle- the pojfejfions of fuch goods moveable lands, tenements, pojfejfions and fiaftical decree hereditaments, as were of late belonging to any of the faid archbijhop-dif- ricks, bijhopricks, monafteries, priories, nunneries, eommandries,

feflions

deanaries, colleges, chantries, prebends, reglories, hofpitals, houfes lands or	of friers, or other religious and ecclefiajlical houfes and places, of

goods. what nature, name, kind, or quality foever they be of, (4) Yet The title of all yor fat fa	a\\ Jang5i pojfjftons and hereditaments, in this

grooved up-^wr Majefiies realm and dominions, is grounded in the laws,

*	Jlatutes

1554-1 Anno primo&fecundo Philippi 8s Marls, c. 8.	47

ftatutes and cufloms tf the fame, and by your high jurifdittion, au~ on the law* of tbority royals and crown imperial, and in your courts only, to be im~ th**^aln\» pleaded, ordered, tried and judged, and none etheriqfe; (5) andS™<Tmed * mierftanding that the whole, full, and mojl gracious intents, mind only in the and determination of your moft excellent Majefties be. That all and King's courts, every terfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, fucceflors and ajjtgns, and every of them, Jhall have, keep, retain and enjoy all and every their eftates, rights, pojfejfions and interejls that they and every of them now havi, or hereafter Jball have, of and in all and every the manors, granges, mejfudges, lands, tenements, tithes, penjions, portions, advowfons, nominations, patronages, annuities, rents, reverftons, fervices, hundreds, wapentakes, liberties, franchifes, and other the pojfejjions and hereditaments of the fdd monafiertes, abbies, priories, nunneries, emmandries, deana-ries, colleges, prebends, hofpitals, boufes of friers, chantries, retteries, vicarages, churches, chapels, archbijbopricks, bifbopricks, and other religious or ecclejiaflical houfes or places, or of any of them, within this realm or the dominions of the fame, by fuch laws and flames as were in force before the firfl fay of this prefent parliament, and by other lawful conveyance to them thereof made.

XXXVI.	That it may be enabled by the authority of this Thequeen

frefent parliament. That as well your Majefty, Sovereign and aui other *ady, your heirs and fucceilbrs, and alio all and every other fraM enjoy perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, fucceilbrs and ailigns, now having, or that hereafter ihall and?heir have, hold or enjoy any of the feites of the faid late monafte- lands, as they ries, and other tne religious or eccleiiaitical houfes or places, now have or and all the faid manors, granges, meiTuages, lands, tenements, have# tithes, penfions, portions, glebe lands, advowfons, nominations, patronages, annuities, rents, reverfions, fervices, hundreds, wapentakes, liberties, franchifes, profits, commodities, and other the pofleflions and hereditaments of the faid late monasteries, abbies, priories, nunneries, commandries, deanaries, colleges, prebends, hofpitals, houfes of friers, redories, vicarages, chantries, churches, chapels, archbiihopricks, biihop-ricks, and other religious and ecclefiaftical houfes and places, or of any of them, of what name, nature or kind foever they be, ihall have, hold, poilefs, retain, keep and enjoy all ana every the faid feites, manors, granges, meiTuages, lands, tenements, pofleflions, profits, commodities, and other hereditaments, according to fuch interefts and eftates, as they and every of them now have or hold, or hereafter ihall have or hold, of and in the fame, by the due order, and courfe of the laws and ftatutes of this realm, which now be, or were ftanding in force before the firft day of this prefent parliament, in manner and form as they Ihould have done, if this adt had never been had ne made; this adt or any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVII.	Saving to you our faid fovereign Lady, your heirs 0thef and fucceflors and every of them, and to all and every other titiC4 fave<j.

perfon

A confirmation of all ftatutes concerning the afiurance of abbey lands or chantries, &c. of King

48 Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Maria, c.8. [1554*

perfon or perfons fubjeAs of this realm, and bodies politick and ■	corporate,	and	to	their	heirs	and	fucceilors, and to the* heirs

and fucceflors of all and every of them (other than fuch whofe right, title or intereft is bounded or taken away, undone or ex* tinA by any a A of parliament heretofore made or otherwise (2) all fuch right, title, claim, poffeffion, interefts, rents, annuities, commodities, commons, offices, fees, leafes, liveries, livings, penfioos, portions, debts, duties and other profits, which they or any of them lawfully have, or of right ought to have, or might have had, in, of, or to any of the premises, or in, of, or to any part or parcel thereof, in fuch like manner and form, and condition, to all intents, refpeAs, conftruAions and pur-pofes, as if this aA had never been had ne made.

XXXVIII.	And that it may be further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That all ana every article, claufe, fentence and provifo, contained or fpecified in any aA or aAs of parliament concerning or touching the afiurance or conveyance of any the laid monafteries, priories, nunneries, commandries, deaneries, prebends, colleges, chantries, hofpitals, houfes of friers, reAories,

Heii?LJ&ng v^carages» churches, chapels, archbilhopricks, bilhopricks and Ed. <$.’	S other religious and ecdefiaftical houfes and places or any of

them, or in any wife concerning any manors, lands, tenements* profits, commodities, hereditaments, or other the things before fpecified to the faid King Henry the Eighth, or King Edward the Sixth or cither of them, or any other perfon or perfons, or body politick or corporate and every of them, and all and every writing, deed and inftrument concerning the afiurance of any the fame, (hall Hand, remain and be in as good force, effeA and ftrength, and fhall be pleaded and taken advantage of, to all intents, conftruAions and purpofes, as the fame fhould, might or could have been, by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, in cafe this prefent aA had never been had ne made.

XXXIX.	And that all feoffments, fines, furrenders, forfeitures, aftiirances, conveyances, eftates and interefts in any wife conveyed, had or made to our faid late fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, or to our faid late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth or either of them, or to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate or to any of them, by deed or deeds, aA or aAs of parliament or otherwife, of any the feites, manors, lands, tenements, pofieffions, profits, commodities or hereditaments of any of the faid archbilhopricks, bilhopricks, late monafteries, priories, nunneries, commandries, deaneries, houfes of friers, colleges, chantries, hofpitals, prebends, free chapels, or of any manors, lands, tenements, rever-fions, fervices, tithes, penfions, portions, annuities, or of any other hereditaments, of, by or from any ecdefiaftical or fpirkual perfon or perfons, or by or from any fpiritual or ecdefiaftical corporation or body politick, lhall be as good and available in the law, to all intents, conftruAions and purpofes, as they were by the laws and ftatutes of this realm Handing in* force before the firft day of this prefent parliament: (2) and that the fame may and lhall be pleaded, alledged or taken advantage of, in fuch

fort.

A confirmation of affu-rances to K. Hen. S. Ed. 6. and all other perfons, of abbey lands.

1554*3 .Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Marl®, c.8.	49

fort, and to fuch effeft, as they ihouid, could or might have been by the laws and ftatutes of tnis realm ftandine in force before the faid firft day Of this prefent parliament; (3; and that all and every claufe and article of faving, contained m all and every the faid afts and ftatutes, (hall (land, remain and be in fuch force,

.ftrength and effeft, as they were before the faid firft day of this	V

prefent parliament; any thing contained in this prefent aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

. XL. And that it may be in like manner enafted by authority Tbe penalty aforefaid. That whofoever (hall by any procefs obtained put of for molefting any ecclefiaftical court within this realm or without or by pre- *ny tence of any fpuritual jurifdidtion or otherwife, contrary to thfe abbey laws of this realm, inquiet or moleft any peribn or perfons or This claufe is body politick, for any of the faid manors, lands, tenements, he- not repealed r reditaments or things above fpeciikd,. contrary to the words, fentences and meaning of this adt, (hall incur the danger of the1 £,1*c*,*^Jt> adt of Pratounire> made the xyi. year of King RUbard the Se-	..

cond, and (hall fuffer and incur the forfeitures and pains contained in the fame,

XLI, Provided alway, That .it (hall apd may be lawful to fa* any perfon or perfons, body politick and corporate, to fue in ofabbey111^ .any competent ecclefiaftical or fpiritual court within this realm, lands, for tithes, rights and duties that they or any of them fhall pretend to have of or out of any the faid manors, lands, tenements and other the premifles, and to have full and perfeft remedy for the fame, m fuch manner and form as they or any of them might or ought to have done, or had by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, before the making of this aft, and as though this aft had never been had or made.

r XLII. And that it may be further provided and epafted by The title of the authority aforefaid, That albeit the title or ftile of fupre* fupreuie head macy, or fupreme head of the church of England and of Inland, of the church or either of them, never was, ne could be juftly or lawfuly at- ?fvcrftfouLd tributed or acknowledged to any king and fovereign governor of^“te| this realm, nor. in any wife could or might rightfully, juffly or any King or * lawfully by any king or fovereign governor of tliis realm, be governor, claimed, challenged or ufed; (2) yet forafmuch as the faid title and ftile, fithcnce the third day of November in the xxyi. year of ' the reign of tbe faid King Henry the Eighth hath been ufed, and is mentioned and contained in divers and fundry writs, let- N ters patents, records, exemplifications, court-rolls, charters, deeds, inftruments, evidences, books and writings; (3) it (hall be lawful as well to and for your M^jefties and your fovereign Lady’s heirs and fucceffors, as to and for every other perfon and perfons, and bodies politick and corporate, at all time and Writs, letters times hereafter, to have, retain and keep the faid writs, letters patents and patents, records, exemplifications, court-rolls, charters, deeds, inftruments, evidences, books and writings, and them to (hew, ^1f-uprem^ exhibit, ufe, alledge and plead, in all times and places requifite head, may be or needful, without any danger, penalty, lofs, forfeiture, kept and trouble, vexation or impeachment for the fame; any thing in Pleadcd*

VflL* VI*	£	this

jo Anno primo & fecundo PhimpM & Marl#. c.B. [x 554.

this z&, or in any other aft or a&s to .the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftattding.

XLIII. And when your Htghnefs, fovereign lady, fence your com-ingto the crown of this realm, of a good and cbrijlidn confcience, omit-fed to write the findJlile of fupremacy, fpecified in one aft made in 35* H. 8. c. 3. the parliament holden at Weftminfter by prorogation in the xxxv.

year of the reign of your late father King Henry the Eighth, as well in gifts, grants, letters patents, as in cmmijftons and other writings, '* - and atfo other have in' their writings done the fame, as well in your time as before: (2) and forafmuch as notwithjtanding any law made concerning the faidJlile of fupretfsacy, it was in the free choice, liberty and pleajure of the King of this realm, and of your Higbnefs, wbe-. ther you would exprefs the fame in tbefaidJlile or not:

Writings XLIV. Be it therefore declared and enadted by the authority whcfem the of this prefent parliament. That all grants, letters patents, com-^he chu^ch m*®ons> indi&ments, records and writings made in your our is ouritted. fovereign Lady’s name, of in the names of your fovereign Lord and Lady, or any other wherein the faid ftile of fopremacy is omitted, is and (hall bjy to all intents and ptirpofes, as good and effedhial, us if the*fame had been therein exprefled, and may be detained, kept, pleaded and alledged, without any danger, pain, penalty or forfeiture to enfue to any perfon or persons or body politick, for or concerning the omifiion of the feme ftile, or any part thereof, in any fuch writings; and that no perfon ne perfons (hall be impeached,moleftcd or damnified, for or by reafon of any fuch omiflion. tSH. s. c. 16, XLV. And where in an aft of parliament, made fince the faid twentieth year of King Henry the Eighth, all bulls, dijpenfations and writings, which were before that time obtained from the fee of Rome, Jbould be void, abolijhed and extinguijhed, with a claufe neverthekfs, » that the matter of them, by virtue of letters patents from the Ktng then being, Jhould and might be alledged, pleaded and allowed, asif the fame had not been fo abolijhed and extinguijhed; forafmuch as the faid aft is here before amongfl other repealed and maae votd :

What bulls, XI/VI. Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this pre-difeen&tions fent parliament. That all bulls, difpenfatioiis and privileges, •icc7res obtained before the faid twentieth year, or at any time fithence, Rome^maybe or *hieh (hall hereafter be obtained of the fee of Rome, not con-put in exccu- taping matter contrary or prejudicial to the authority, dignity tion. 1 or prchemihence royal or imperial of the realm, or to the laws of this realm now being in force, and not in this parliament repealed, may be put in execution, ufed and alledged in any court within this realm or elfewhere, whether the fame remain yet whole, or can appear to have been cancelled, in as available and effectual manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid a& had never been had or made; ariy objection by pretence of ex-tinguifhment, or cancelling of the faid bulls, difpenfations or

{uivileges, or of any other matter orcaufe by the pretence of the awsof this realm whatfoever, in any wife notwithftanding.

XLVII. And whereas by dljfolution of monajleries and other re* ligious houfes,"ceriain parijh churches and chapelt which were before

4	enetqpt

i£54-1 • AiIxkS prt?ho & fe&Hctb Philip pr & Marine, c.8.	51

txtfnpt frm ffo jurifclibTion of thtarchbiftxrp and bijhip of the diocefe, tod by fpecial exemption and privilege from Rome were under the government and order of the abbots tod priors of tbofe religious boufis 5 which'faid churches by colour of the faid exemptions, be now of fpecial grantfrom King Henry and King Edward, under the rule and government ant jufifdi&iOH of temporal and lay-men, who can no more enjoy thatfupremdcy, oVer tbofe particular churches, than the *

King might over the whole redbn;

XLVIII. Beit therefore ettadted, That all archbilhops and Who (hall bifhopS in theirdiocefe, and all other fpiritual perfon and per- ^r^aion^of fons having jurifdidtion,ahd their minifters and officers, and no lurches and lay perfon or perforts, in every church and place within the chapel# ex-precindf of the fame, being exempt, or not exempt, may freely, *rnpt from and Without impediment, execute their fpiritual jurifdidtion in bifll0Ps> &c#‘ all points and articles, as though no fuch exemption or grant had never been made.

XLIX. Provided alway, and be it enadted, That this adtex- The privilege® tend not to take away or diminifh the privileges of the univer-	and

fitifcs of Cambridge and Oxford, (2) ne rile privileges or preroga- places referr-tives granted heretofore to the churches of Wejlfkinfter and ed. tFitidjor, If) h* tbe tower of London, (4) ne prejudicial to fuch tetnpbral lords and poflfeffiOners in this realm, as by ancieht cuftom have enjoyed probateof teftaments of their tenants or other.

L. And forafmuch as after this reconciliation and unity of this nolle realm to the body of chri/Fs church, it is to be trufied that by By therecon-the abundance of Gots mercy and grace devotion /ball increafe and ciliationofthe grbw in the hearts of many the fubjefts of this realm, with defire to give and bejlow thetr wordly pojfejjfions, for the refufcitdting of alms, devotion is * prayer, and example of good life in this realm, to the intent fuch godly hoped for. motions andpurpofesJhould be advanced:

LI: Be it therefore' enadted by authority of this prefent parliament, That it (hall be lawful to fuch as (hall be leifed of any Lands may be manors, lands, tenements, parfonages, tithes, penfions, por- gjTJjJ tions or other hereditaments whatfoever, in fee-fimple, in pof- j^Jjtick or ifeffion, reverfion or remainder, in their own rights, not being corporate, copyhold, may thereof make feoffments, grants or any other Dyer, *55. affurances, or by his laft will and teftament in writing may be- j* b°\l*9 queath and give'in fee-fimple, all and every the faid manors, , Roil! x 6*6, laridb, tenements, parfohages, tithes, penfions, portions or other 418. hereditaments* to* any fpiritual body politick or corporate in this realm, or dominions of the fame, now eredted or founded, or hereafter to be eredted or founded, without any licence of Mortmain therein to be obtained, or any writ of ad quod damnum to be filed out for the fame; the adfs de terris ad manum mortuam non pottendis, or any other adt or ftatute heretofore had or made, in any wife notwithftanding; faving to the lords of the fee all rents fervices due of going Out of any of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, 10 to be amortized as is aforefaid.

LII. Provided always. That this claufe of this adl, for giving the liberty of or for the amortizing of lands Or tenements^

(hill continue fdr and during the fpace of twenty years next and immediately following, and no longer.

£2	LIIL	Ant

52 Anno primo & fccundo PHILIPPI & MaRI^. c.8. [1554..

Wn. Andforafmuch as we your Majeftfs humbk and obedient	|

fubjefts* the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons* in this pro-	i

fent parliament ajembled* neither by the making or delivering of either the /applications aforefaid^ nor by am claufe* article or fentence there- j of or of any other claufe* article or Jentence of this or any other ftatute^ or any of the preambles (f the fame* made or agreed upon in this fef-'	Jion of this prefent parliament* by any mmner of interpretation* con-

Jlruflion* implication or otherwife* intend to derogate, impair or di-mini/b any of the prerogatives* liberties, franthifes* preeminences or jurifdiftions of your crown imperial of this ream* and other the do-Nothing in minions to the fame belonging; (2) toe do moil humbly befeech * this ftatute your Majefties, that it may be declared and ordained, and be it Audi be pre- enabled and declared by authority of this prefent parliament,. | That neither the making, exhibiting or .inferring in this prefent crown# ftatute, or in the preambles of the fame,, of the Application or promife aforefaid or either of them, nor any other thing or things, words, fentences, claufes or articles in the preambles or body of the a&s aforefaid, (hall be conftrued, underftood or e»-pounded, to derogate, diminiih or take away any liberties, privileges, prerogatives, preheminences, authorities or jurifdidrions^ or any pan or parcel thereof, which were in your imperial crown of this realm, or did belong to your faid imperial crown the twentieth year of the reign of yours, the Queen's n^ajefty’s moil noble father, or any other of your moft noble progenitors.

The pope and before the faid twentieth year» (3) and the pope's holinefs and fee apoftolick/ fee apoftolick to be reftored, ana to have and enioy fuch autho-reftor^d to the |ity, preheminence and jurifdi&ion, as his holinefs ufed and ^h®n^that exercifed, or might lawfully have ufed and exercifed, by au-y a thority of bis fupremacy, the faid twentieth year of the reigri of the King your father, within this your realm of England* and other your dominions, without diminution or inlargement The jmifdic- the fame, and none other; (4) and the eccleliaftical juriidic-rionofthe tions of the archbilhops, bilhops and ordinaries, to be in the bifhops of this fame ftate for procefs of fuits, puniftunent of crimes, and exe-realm. cution of cenfures of the church, with knowledge of caufes belonging to the fame, and as large in thefe points as the; faid jurisdictions was the faid twentieth year.

What tenure LIV. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Ihkli be re- aforefaid. That in and upon every fuch gifts and devifes. to be ftfVCd	to	Aeh fpiritual corporations or perfons as is aforefaid,

made*tofoi- t^e donor, feoffor or devifor thereof, may referveto him and to ritual corpo- bis heirs for ever, a tenure in frank almoigne* or a tenure by dirations. vine fervice, and to have all remedies and aClions for and upon the faid gifts or devifes, and tenures, in like manner and form as was ufed before the eftatute of TVeftminJier third, commonly called J$htia emptores Urrarum 5 the faid eftatute or any law dr cuf-tom now being to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

The remedy LV. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That all and every to recover perfon and perfons, and bodies politick and corporate, which anv penfion, now have or hereafter lhall have any eftate of inheritance* free-jithes, glebe, hold, term or intereft, of, in or to any portion, penfion, tithes,

, glebes

1554. ] Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Marias, c.9,10. 5%

glebe-lands, or other ecclefiaftical or fpiritual profit, which by this aft and letters of difpenfatipn rehearfed in the fame; be per- in part remitted and fuffered to remain and continue in lay mens pofief- pealed by t lions,' (hall and may have like remedy for the recovery of the c* *• *• fame, and every part thereof, as they and every of them might have had before the firft day of this prefent parliament; any thing'in this aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwith*

(landing.

An a£l whereby certain offences be made treafons9 and alfo far the government of the Kings and Queer!s majejiies iffue.

FORASMUCH as theqreat mercy and clemency heretofore declared by the Queen's htghnefs in releafing the penal laws made by her progenitors9 bath given occafion to many cankard and traiterouf hearts to imagine9 praSlye and attempt things, firring the people to difobedience and rebellion againft her Ifighnefs; common policy and duty offubjefis require^ that feme law be eftjones efablijbed9 to refrain the malice of fuch wicked and evil doers9 whereby they mar be prohibited to blow abroad fuch Jbameful Jlanders and lies as they daily invent and imagine offer Htghnefs ana the Kings majefiy her mofl lawful huf-band9 which when they be beard cannot be but odible and detefei of all good men> conjidering they touch their Majeflies, upon whom depended the whole unity and umverfal wealth of this realm:

If any perfon during the marriage between the King and Queen’s ma-jefties do cotnpafs or imagine to deprive the King’s majefty from the having with the Queen the ftile, honour and kingly name, or to deftroy the King, or to levy war within this realm againft the King or Queen, or any of her heirs, being kings or queens of this realm, or to depole the Qpeen * 1/ g* c*o* or the heirs of her body $ and the fame utter by open preaching, exprefe **	•	*

Words or layings: or if any perfon by preaching, exprefs words or fay-ings, ihall maficioufly, aavuedly and direftly lay, or hold opinion, that the King ought not to have with the Queen the ftile, honour and kingly name or this realm, or that the Queen is not or of right ought not to be Queen, or that the heirs of her body, being kings or queens of this realm, ought not to be kings and queens of this realm, every fiich offender {halt forfeit all his floods and iflhes of his lands for life, as alfo ihall have perpetual impriionment. EXP. Ecclefiaftical peribns being convifted fbr luctr offence, (hall be deprived : and if any perfon convicted of the iaid offences ihall after oonviftion eftfones commit any of the faid offences, fuch iecond offences fhaU be adjudged high treafon. If any perfon during the faid'marriage compafs or imagine the death of the King, and the feme maliciously, advifedly and directly ihall utter and attempt by any writing, printing, overt deed or aft ; or if any perfon ihall malicioufly, advifedly and direftly, by writing, printing, overt deed or aft, affirm, that the King ought not to have with the Qgeen the ftile, honour and kingly name of mis realm : or by writing, printing, overt deed or aft,	*

mafiooufly, advifedly and direftly, affirm, that the Queen is not, or ought not to be Queen 5 that the heirs of her body, being kings, drc. of right ought not to have the crown, fuch offence ihall be adjudged high trtafon.

CAP, IX.

ribn ihall pray or defire that God will ftiorfen the Queen's days, 5 her out of the way, or any fuch malicious prayer, amounting to the fame effeft, he, his procurators and abettors mall be adjudged . traitors. EXP. s El. c. 6. 13 El. c. a.

CAP. X.

E3

V. jM

£4 Anno prime fecipdo Philippi & Mfi&im. C,io. f 1554*

V.	And albeit we the lords fpiritmland temporal, and the commons, /ir /for prefent parliament ajfembled, have firm hope and confi-dence in the goodnefs of Almighty God, that like as he, hath hitherto miraculoufly prefervea the ^ueens mqjefiy from many great and eminent perils and dangers, even fo he will of ms infinite goodnefs give her	j

fiighnefsJlrength, the rather by our continual prayers, to pafs well the j danger of deliverance of child, wherewith it hath pleafed him (to all j our great comforts) to hlefs her : yet forafmuch as au things of this	j

world be uncertain, and having before our eyes the dolorous experienoe	j

of the inconfiant government during the time of the reign of the lata i fCing Edward the Sixth, do plainly fee the manifold inconveniencies, great dangers and perils, that may enfue to this whole realmy if fore-fight he not ufed to prevent evil chances if they Jbouli happen : for the efehewing whereof we the lords Spiritual, &c,	,

1

If it pleafe God to call the Queen before the iffue of her body inherit table, if it be male (hall accomplilh the age of xviii years, or if female before it (hall be of the age xv. years and not married, the King (hall have the education and. government of fuch ifTue, and of this realm, until the Jflue inheritable, it male, (hall accomplilh the age of xviii. years, and if female, until xv. years or marriage .* and during fuch government, the articles compriied in the treatifes and aft of parliament concerning the marriage, wnich on the behalf of his hdajefty been to be performed, (hatt continue. If any perfon, during the time that the King (hall have the go* vemmeht of fuch ifTue, malicioufly, advifedly and direftly, by writing, printing, overt-deed or aft, do cbmpafs, attempt, and go about to deftroy the perfon of the King, or to remove his Highnefs froth the government of the fame, fuch offences (hall be adjudged high treafon. ExP.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid. That all trials hereafter to be had, awarded or made for any treafon, (hall be had and ufed, only according to the due order and courfe of the common laws of this realm, and not other-wife : faving to every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucceflors, other than the offenders and their heirs, and fuch perfon and perfons, as claim to any of their ufes, all fuch rights, titles, interefts, pofleflions, leafes, fents, reverfions, offices aj}d other profits, which they or any of them ihall have at the day of committing fuch treafons, or at any time afore, in as large and ample manner as if this a& had never been had nor made.

VIII.	Provided always and be it declared and cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That concealment dr keeping fecret of any high treafon he deemed and taken only iriifprifion o£ treafon, and the offenders therein to forfeit and fuffer, as in cafes of mifprifion of treafon hath heretofore been pfed i any thing above mentioned to the contrary notwithffanding.

Peers of this realm indifted of any of the offences made treafon or mif-prifion of treafon by this aft, (hall have their trial by their peers. No per* ton (hall be impeached for any of the offences abovefaid, committed only by preaching or words, unlefs the offender be indifted within fix months,

XI. Pro-

*5$4-.] Anno prime & fecundo PHIUppi & Mam.*. c.n.

XI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the. authority aforefaid, That upon the arraignment of any perion which hereafter (hall fortune to be arraigned for any treafon mentioned in this ad, all and . every fuch perfon and perfons (or two of them at the leaft) who (hall hereafter write, declare, confers, or de-pofe any thing or things againft the perfon to be arraigned,

(hall, if living and within the realm, be brought forth in perfon before the party arraigned if he require the fame, and objed and fay openly in his hearing, what they or any of them can againft him, for or concerning any the treafons contained in the indid-ment, whereupon the party (hall be fo arraigned, unlefe the party arraigned for any fuch treafon (hall willingly confefs the' lame at the time of his or their arraignment.

'XII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaded by the authority aforeiaid, That in all cafes of high treafon concerainglcoin currant within this realm, or for counterfeiting die King or Queen’s fignet, privy feal, great foal or fign manual, fuch manner of trial and none other be obferved and kept, as heretofore hath been ufed by the common laws of this realm; any law, ftatute, or any other thing or things to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XIII.	Provided always. That the councelfors, procurers, comforters and abetters, for his or their firft offence mail fuffer like punifhment, penalty and forfeiture, as is contained in tUs ad againft the principal offenders for their firft offence^ and none other.: and that.the councellors, procurers, comforters and abbetters, for his or their fecond offencfe (hall fuftain like punifhment, penalty and forfeiture, as is contained' in this ad againft the principal offender or offenders for their fecond offence, and none other.

C A P. XI.

An alt for the punifhment of the bringing in of the counterfeit coins of foreign realms, being current within this realm.

WHERE divers and fmdry (tins ofgoid and fiber if other Bnogen in of realms', not being of the proper coin if.this ramV’England, counterfeit’ and pit bp the fufftrme and tonfm of She King and gueon ourfo- ^ veredgn lord and lady, be current in payment within tins realms many	pUnifhe4

ill tUjpfcd per fans, for .their own corrupt hurt and advantage, have as traitor*. tnm of kt(brought data this realm from the parts beyond the foa great auantitp of forged and counterfeit money, like to the faid com-af other for fign realms, and have uttered the fame hero bp. merchandise.- ’ ing and otherwifa, to divers of the fabje&s ef this realm, to their ■ great deceit, hurt and damage; (a) becaufe the faid ill dijpfed pet-fens have perceived and jtnderjlood, that.there was not, nor petit, any fyfficient beta nr ftatute made or provided for the condign punt/b-ment of the offenders in tbat bebalf;

II.	Wherefore be it. enaded and eftablifhed by the■ authority ofthisprefect parliament, That if any perfon or.periods after the twenjjfetb day of Jamv^ nesat oaopog (halUaing foam

§6	Anno primo & feeundo Philippi Sc Marijb. c.ia. [i554;

the parts of beyond the fea into this realm, or into any of the dominions of the fame, any fuch falfe and counterfeit coin or money, being current within this realm, as is aforefaid, know-.ingthe fame coin or money to be falfe and counterfeit, to the in-

•	tent to utter or make payment with the fame within this realm,

, or any the dominions or the lame, by merchandizing or other-

wife ; that all and every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending a$ aforefaid, their counfellors, procurers, aiders and abettors in that behalf, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be offenders in high treafon, and (hall fuffer, after lawful convi&ion or attain-

•	der thereof, fuch pains of death, lofs and forfeiture of lands, goods : and cattels, as other offenders (hall do in cafes of high treafon.

Th* ”?**ncr	III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That

trial*Lcoftf ^ every perfon or perfons mat (hall at any time after the ah offender ' faid twentieth day of January, be acoufed or impeached of any tor impairing; of the offences contained and provided for in this eftatute, or of or forging of. any other offence or offences concerning the impairing, coun-com. f terfeiting or forging of any coin current within this realm, (hall and may be mdilted, arraigned, tried, convi&ed or attainted by - fuch like evidence, and in fuch manner an4 form as hath been ufed and accuftomed within this realm, at any time before the .ftrftyear of the reign ofour late fovereigh lord King Edward the Sixth ; any ftatute, cuftom, law or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. 9 Ed. $.ftat. 2. c. a.

CAP. XII.

An aft for the impounding of dijlrtjfts,

Where di- T70R the avoiding of grievous vexations, treMes apd difirder ip ftrefles taken,- J? taking ofdiftreffes^ and impounding of cattle, (2) be it enaded ihall beiin- by the authority of this prefent parliament. That from and after pounded,^ the firft day of April next coming, no diftrefs of cattle (hall be 3 £d* t *c. it. ^nveQ out of the hundred, rape, wapentake, or lathe whe^e Co* Ent/43.. ifuch diftrefs is or (hall be taken, except it be to 3 pound overt Kaft. 164. Within the fame (hire, not above three miks diftant from the Cro. El. 4S0, pjace wbere the faid diftrefs is taken: (2) and that no cattle or hforeh 56.	other goods diftrained or taken by way of diftrefs, for any mari-

% Leon. 5s.	ner of caufe at one time, (hall be impounded in feveral places.

Moor 45 v	whereby the owner or owners pf fuch diftrefs (ball be conftrained

GoMsb. 100. t0 fue feveral replevies for the delivery of the faid diftrefs fb taken ph«6*. • 4 at one time; (4) upon pain every perfon offending contrary to -thisadt, (hall forfeit to the party grieved; for every inch offence, one hundred (hillings, and treble damages.

How much - II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,. That may be taken* after the faid firft day of April, no perfon or perfons (halb take for poundage. fyT keeping in .pound, impounding or poundage of any manner of diftrefs, above the fum of four pence for any one whole diftrefs, that (hall be fo impounded ; and where lefs hath been ufed, there to take lefs; (2) upon the pain of five pounds, to -fee paid to the party grieved over and befide foch money 4* he (hall tpke above the fum of four pence; any ufage:or ftefrrip-rion to the oortti^ry ^any wife noty/ithftandingi *

' j	.	-	pi.An<l

1554*1 Anno primo& fecundo Philippi & Marias* c.13.	57

III.	And for the more fpeedy delivery of cattle taken by way The (heriff of diftrefs, it is further ena&ed by the faid authority, That	”5.

every (heriff of (hires, being no cities or towns made (hires, ^ makere-lhalr at his firft county-day, or within two months next after he picvies. hath received his patent of his office of (heriffwick, depute, appoint and proclaim in the (hire-town within his bailiffwick, four deputies at the leaft, dwelling not above twelve miles one diftant mom another; (2) which faid deputies fo appointed and proclaimed, (hall have authority in the (hertiPs name to make replevies and deliverance of fuch diftrefles in fuch manner and form as the (heriff may and ought to do $ (3) upon pain that every (heriff for every month that he (hall lack fuch deputy or deputies, (hall forfeit for every fuch offenee, five pounds ;

(4)	the one half of which forfeitures (hall be to the King and Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceffors, the other half td him that will (he for the fame by bill, plaint, information or adtion of debt, in any the King and Queen’s courts of record, . in which tjoefloin, protection, or wager of law (hall be admitted.

cap. xm.

An a8 touching bailment of per font,

WHERE in the parliament hoiden at Weftminfttr in the r» what man third year of the reign of the noble prince. King Harry	®

the feventh, it was among other things ordained and enaded, t^lperfon* That no prifoner arrefted for felony, (hould be leften to bail or arretted of fe-mainprife, by any one juftice of peace, but by the whole Igny.^or faf- r juftices, or at lead by two of them, whereof one to be of the P>*lon thereof* quorum-, <(%) finee the making of-which eftatute, one juftice of jjj, 7. c. 5> peace in the name of himfelf and one other of the juftioes his 1 Roll. t(|> ‘companion, not making the faid juftice party nor privy unto the cafe wherefore the prifoner mould be bailed, bath oftentimes by Snifter labour and means, fet at large the greateft and notableft offenders, fuch as be not replevifable by the laws of this realm( (3) and yet the rather to hide their affections in that behalf, have figned the caufe of their apprehenfton to be but only for" fufpicion of felony, whereby the faid offenders have efcaped unpuni(hed, and do daily, to me high difpleafure Of Almighty God, (he great peril of the King and Queen’s true fubjedta, and encouragement of all thieves and evil-doers:

' II. For reformation whereof, be it ordained and enadted by None (ball be the King and Queen’s majefties, the lords fpiritual and tempo-	^

ral arid the commons in this prefent parliament aftembfed, and to be* by authority of the feme. That from and after the firft day bailed by the of April next coming, no juftice or juftices of peace (hall let to ftatute of bail or mainprife any fuch porfon or perfons, which for any of, J Ed< *•c* 15-fence or offences biy them or any of them committed, be declared not to be replevifed or bailed, or be forbidden to be re-pievifed or bailed by the ftatute.of iVeJhmnfttr primtr, made in the parliament hoiden die third year of the reign of King Edward the Firft.

fiL And furthermore, That any pcrfqo pr perfqqs arrefted

$	fat

f8	Anno prifBO & fecundo Philippi & IN^ari^b. c*i$< f 1554*

* for man-slaughter or felony, or fufpicion of man-flaoghter or felony, being bailable by. the law, (hall not after the laid firft day '	'	of Aprils be let to bail or mainprife by any juftices of peace, if

it be not in open feifions, except it be by two juftices of peace at the lead, whereof one to be of the quorum, and the famejuf-3 Bulffcr. 113, tices to be prefent together at the time of the faid bailment or mainprife; (2) which bailment or mainprife they (hall certify ‘ in writing fubfcribed or figned with their own hands, at the next general gaol-delivery to be, holden within the county where the faid perfonor perfons fliall be axrefted or fufpefled.

The juftices IV. And that the faid juftices, or one of them, being of the nwn/of apri- $uorum’> when any fuch prifoner is brought before them for any foner, extend- man-daughter or felony, before any bailment or mainprife, ed to fuch as (hall take the examination of the faid prifoner, and information toall be com- 0f them that bring him, of the fad and circumftances thereof, man-flauch- *nc* feme*-or as much thereof as (hall be'material to prove ter, &c. 2 & 3 the felony (hall put in writing before they make the fame bailie. & M. c. 10. mentj (2) which (aid examination, together with the faid bail-in cxamina- ment, the faid juftices (hall certify at the next general gaol-deli-imd other?1 vei7 to holden within the limits of their comqiiffion. and certifying v. And that every coroner, upon any inquifition before him thereof 2 he * found, whereby any perfimor perfons (hall be indidedfor mur-P & M. c, 10. der or man-daughter, or as acceflory or acceflories to the fame, dutv ST5?	t*ie mul^er or mandaughter committed, (hall put in writ*

inquifition ** mg the effedtof the evidence given to the jury before him, be-found before ing material: (2) and as well the faid juftices, as the /aid coro-him.	ner, (hall have authority by this ad, to bind all fuch by recog-

nizance or obligation, as do declare any thing material, to prove the faid murder or man-daughter, offences or felonies, or to. be accedory or acceflories to the fame, as is aforefaid, to appear at the next general gaol-delivery to be holden within the county, city, or town corporate where the trial thereof (hall be, then and there to give evidence againft the party fo indided at the time of his trials (3) and (hail certify as well the feme evidence as fuch bond or bonds in writing, as he (hall take, together with the inquifition 00 ipdi&ment before him taken and found, at or before the time of his (aid trial .thereof to be had or made; (4) and.likewife the faid juftices (hall certify all and every fuqh bond :tafcen-befofe them, in like manner as before is feid of ‘rtie penalty bailments and.examination : (5) andincafeany.juftijceof peace of afty juftice or quorum^ or .coroner, (hall after the faid fieft day of Apri}% of* of peace or co-fenJj & any thing contrary td the truck intent arid .meaning of hlT dutylttinfi	that	then	the	juftices;	of goal-delivery of the

(hire, dty, town or place, jvhere fuch offence (hall happen to be committed, upon due proof thereof.by examination before them, (hall for every fuch offence fet fiichfine on .every. of the feme juftices of peaceand coroner, as the feme juftiees of gaol-delivery (hall think meet, and eftreat the fonte* as other fines and amerciaments afleflfcd before the Juftices rof. .gaolrdelivery ought to be*

j554*1 Anno prinao & fecundo Philippi & Marl®. €.*4. 59 -

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho- Juftiees of rity aforefaid. That juftiees of peace and coroners within the city

of London, and the county of AUddkfex, and mother cities, b<£- fex/acc. roughs and towns corporate within this realm and Wakt* fhall within their feveral jurifdiftions, have authority to let to bail felons and prifoners, in fuch manner and form as they have been heretofore accuftomed; this1 aft, or any. thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: (2) and alio fhall take examinations and bonds, as is aforefaid, upon every bail-ment by them or any of them to be made; (3) and fhall certify every fuch bailments, bonds and examinations by them or any of them taken or made, at the next gaol-delivety to be holden within the fhire, city, borough or town where their feveral jurifdiftions extendeth, upon nke pain and forfeiture as 4s before limited in this prefent aft.

VII.	And be it alfb enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Removing of no writs of habeas corpus or certiorari, fhall be hereafter granted

to remove any prifoner out of any gaol, or to remove any re- rcco^nuance* cognifance, except the fame writs be figned with the proper hands of the chief iuftice, or in his abfence, one of the juftiees 3lCar.c.s. of the court out 01 which the fame writs fhall be awarded or	•	-

made; (2) upon pain that he that writeth any fuch writs, not being figned as is aforefaid, to forfeit to our laid fovereign lord the King and the Queen, for every fuch writ and writs, five pounds.

WHERE of lateyoars paffed, rujfels, called rujfels fattens, and in what order fattens reverfes, have been praftifed to be made beyond a&f.ruffels fatten*, feas, of the wools bred in the county ^Norfolk, and by reafon	.	*?*

fo great quantity of the faid rujfels fattens, fattens reverfes, have been ^t,e‘n brought into this realm, fold and worn as well in every part of this realm, as in the parts beyond the feas, that thereby the nyfteries of worjieds mating and weaving, whereby merchants and inhabitants of the city of Norwich have heretofore been well maintained and relieved* is now at this prefent almojl wholly decayed and brought out iif ejli-psation, and very tittle worn, either within this realm, or in any other foreign realms, to the great hindrance and decay of the faid city, and citizens of the fame city: (2) for remedy whereof,Thomas Mar-fham mayor of the. city y Norwich,. John Corbet EJ'q; Auftii)

Steward, Robert Leche, Robert Rugge, John Ball, and Alcx-

fider Mather, aldermen of the faid city, Thomas Wale, Thomas ecke, Ralph Mai^ham, Robert Hemy, John Sutton, Richard Tomfon, citizens and merchants of the jaid city, at their great cojls and charges, as well in bringing of certaingrangers from the parts beyond the feas into the faid city, as alfo in making oflombes, and all Otherprovifm for the fame i (3) and pffo have catted unto them tight perfons qftbt mqjl diferect OM worthy men of the myjlery of worjled

weaving

(So	Anno primo& fecundoPhilippi & Maria, c. 14. [1554;

weaving, within the faid city, thatfs to' fay* fohtx Cook, James Lin, John Crofs, Simon Petit, Jann Marfhal, Roger. £ecke, Edmund Barker, and Edmund Selers, being the number of one and twenty perfons, which have not only made ruffels fattens, and fat-tens reverfes, and fuftians 3/* Naples within the faid city of Norwich ^Norfolk wools j but alfo have learned ana taught other citizens and inhabitants of the faid city to make the fame, infuch good andperf eft manner, that much better ruffels fattens,fattens reverfes, and fujiian ^Naples, and jucb like, andfor eajier prices, be now at this frefent wrought and made within the faid, city, than heretofore have been, or now be made in any of the parts beyond the feas, whereby the faid city and inhabitants thereof may, and be like again to be relieved and brought to the old ejiate, to the great advancement of the commodities of this realm, and enriching the fame, if fome good and politick laws and ordinances were made for the good continuance of the true making of thefaid rujjets fattens, fattens reverfes, and fujiian of Naples, andfuch like:

II.	In confideration whereof, be it enadted, by the aflent of the King and Queen’s highnefs, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-By what names thority of the fame. That the faid ruffels fattens, fattens re-ruffels fattens, verfes, and fuftian of Naples hereafter to be made only within fes^df^fti" ^e/a^ city, may from henceforth bear the name, and be called ms of Naples by the name of Norwich fattens, and Norwich fuftians 5 and made in Nor- that the mayor and the aforementioned citizens of the laid city, wich (hall be which before’ this time have been at the cofts and charges of the bringing of the faid ftrangers into the fame city, for the making of the faid ruffels fattens, fattens reverfes, and fuftians of Naples,• and fuch the aforementioned eight perfons that they have called unto them, fhall be a fellowfhip of themfdves;

(2)	and fhall yearly the third day of February chufe of their fellows, four wardens within the guildhall of the faid city, or any There fhall be other common and convenient place in the fame city; (3) and fcme wardens fo being chofen, fhall (land and be wardens Wardens, to*	*bc fame fellowfhip during one whole year next enfuing the faid ;

fee and Veal election; (\) and that the fame wardens, after the faid election, ruffels fat- (hall come before the mayor of the laid citv for the time being, tens, &c* yearly the Monday next after the faid third day of February, and ' pefore the faid mayor fhall be fwom, diligently to view, learch and fee all the ruffels fattens, fattens reverfes, and fuftian of Naples then made, or that fhall be made within the faid city during the faid year: (5) and fuch of the faid ruffels fattens, fattens reverfes, and fuftian of Naples^ as fhall appear and be deemed by them to be lawfully, truly and workmanly wrought, fhall feal with a feal of leaa, bearing the arms of the city of Norwich, whereby it may be known to the merchant pr buyer of them, that the fame be allowed, and truly made.

By whom and III. And that it alfo may be enadted by the authority afore* bywhatmew jkid* That the faid wardens and fellowfhip (hall be a body corporate.

1554*] I Anno prime & feCundo PhiUPfi &f Marias. c.14:	€i

porate, and to be named and be enabled by this a& to fue and offenders (hall be fued, and to give and to take, by the name of wardens and fellowfhip of the myftery of rufleLs fattens, fattens reveries and ““ Pumaiea' fuftian of Norwich. making, within the fai<f city of Norwich;

(2)	And if any default at any time (hall be found in any of the laid ruffels fattens,' fattens reverfes and fuftian of Norwich, or in any of them, by the (aid wardens, that the fame default fhall be reformed, and the offender or offenders therein to be punifhed, according to fuch rules and ordinances as hereafter from time to time (haU be made within the laid city, by the mayor of the faid city .for the time being,, and by the faid four wardens and the fellowfhip of the faid occupation or myftery,

M the greatftft number of the faid fellowftup, for and concerning the lame} {3) and that the fame defaults from time to time, as occasion fhall. ferve, (hall be enquired of and tried before the mayor of the faid city of Norwich for the time being, by the oaths of twelve honeft men of the forefaid fellowfhip.

IV.	. And that th$ faid four wardens fo chofen and fwom. The authority fhall have full power and authority to do, execute, prefent and *e four reform all and Angular thing and things, of, for and concern- warden!" ing the faid myftery, making, working and occupying of the

(aid ruffels fattens, fattens reverfes and fuftian of.Norwich, within the faid city, in fuch manner and form as in or by the laid ordinances (hall be expreded and declared; (2) and that at all times hereafter, and from.time to time, it (nail be lawful to.the mayor of the faid city for the time being, and to the before-named fellowftupand wardens ofthedune myftery, and the more part of them, and to their fucceflors, to make and ordain from time to time, rules, laws and ordinances, meet and neceffary for the good order and governance of^he faid myftery, and for the true and well making of the faid ruffels fattens, fattens re-yerfes, and fuftians of Norwich; ( 3) and the fame ordinances io made, to be at all times obeyed by all the inhabitants of the (aid city or fuburbs of the fame, and to be put-indue execution by the faid mayor and wardens, and their fqcgedors for the time being, in fuch manner and. form as by the fitid ordinance (hall be ordained and declared. ;

V.	And that fuch as now be and. that hereafter (haU be 19a- ™

kers of the laid ruffels fattens, fattens reverfes and fuftian of ^pythrtnd-Norwich, and every'of them, within the faid city, (hall not of makingruf-from henceforth occupy the (aid myftery of making of the faid fels fattens, rudels fattens, fattens reverfes, and fuftian of Norwich, nor any (atte?s rever' of them, within the faid city, by themfelves, or by any other, es> c‘ before be or they lo occupying the faid myftery within the faid city, be made free of the laid city, and admitted tq be of the faid fellowlhip, by the mayor of the faid city, and'wardens and fellowftup or the faid myftery for the time being: (2) And that no peribndo occupy by himfelf, or any other for him, out of the faid city, the faid myftery of making rudels fattens, fattens reverfes and fuftians of Naples, or of any of them, before he or they fo occupying the fame have been prentice to the

faid

& Anno priffio & ftcundo PHTiim &MariJb. c.14. [1554;

(aid myftery by the term of feven years, or elfe admitted by the faid mayor and fellowfhip, or the more part of them; (3) upon pain of forfeiture of the lame ruftels fattens, fattens reveries and faftian of Norwich; by them or any of them to be made contrary to the form of this a£t.

The mayor VI. Provided always^ and be it enacted by the authority a* and warden* forefaid, That the faid mayor and wardens ter the time being Sinew their 001 take any ^um rooney or t*w»d» to their own proown ufe for P** u^es5 for the admitting of any perfon or perihns to occupy admittance, the find myftery, upon pain of forfeiture of treble the value of the reward or ram of money fo by than or may of them to be taken.

VII.	Provided alfo, That it (hall be lawful to the faid wardens* and to every of them for the time being, by alt ways and means, and at all lawful times, diligently, from time to time, to make fearch, by due and ordinary ways, for all* manner of the faid ruftels fattens, fattens reveries and fuftian of Norwich;

\	that	(hall happen to be found by them defective, for lack of

good and true workmanship.

The prefent- VIII. And that it (hall be lawful to the faid wardens, andeve-ment.enquiry ry of them for the time being, by virtue of this aft, to flSfe and take the faid ruflels fattens, fattens reveries and fuftian, and &c. fafpe&ed’ bring and prefent the fame clothes fo feifed and taken, to the tobedcfeftive mayor of the fiud city for the time being, and unto his faocef- i fors, to the intent (hat twelve honeft, lawful, and expert melt I of the faid myftery and fellowfhip, being fwom before the (aid I mayor, may by virtue of their oaths make enquity, and prefent the manner of the faid defaults, before the faid mayor for the time bong, according to fuch good and whcdefom ordinances and rules as (hall be ordained and made for the eonfervation and good continuance of the faid occupation and myftery, and the true making and working of the faid ruflfels fattens, fattens reveries and fuftians of Norwich: (a) And that all and every perfon and perfons that (hall occupy, ufe and- exereife the faid myftery or making of the faid ruftels fattens, fattens reveries; and fuftians of Norwich, or any of them, contrary tothe form, tenor,. plain meaning and intent of this a&, and of the rules j arid' ordinances that at any time hereafter, by authority of this ad, (hall be ordained ana made for the continuance of the true and perfect making of the (hid ruftels fattens, fattens reveries and | fuftians of Norwich, (hall forfeit and lofe for every time fo of* fending, or making any hrftels fattens, fattens reveries arid fuf-tian of Norwich, contrary to the meaning, tenor arid effe& of ' the faid a<ft, rules and ordinances concerning the fame, fuch fines, amerciaments and pains as (hall be adjudged, afiefledand affered by twelve expert men of the faid fellowfhip upon their ! oaths, the fame twelve perfons to be fworn before the faid mayor* j and wardens to enquire, and make true verdhft and prefentmenf of fuch defaults; (3) the-one half of which forfeiture to be to> die mayor of the laid city for the time being and his fuccef-fors, and the other moiety to the faid wardens for the time

being

*554^ Antio primoft fecundo Philippi ft Marls. c. 15. ■$%

being and their fucceflors, by aCtion of debt, bili, plaint or information in any court of record; in which aCtion, bill, plaint or information, no wager of law, protection, injunction, or foreign plea (hall be allowed.

IX.	And in cafe it (hall fortune hereafter, that any of the The penalty faid ruffels fattens, fattens reverfes, and fuftians of Norwich, where the fakl lhall lack of fuch lengths and breadths, or of the true and eh-

fuing making or forting of tin; yarn, as (hall be appointed'and aaetto bedel let forth by the faid rules and ordinances, and the lame fo to be fe61iv*. found defective by verdiCt of twelve men of the faid fellow-(hip, before the faid mayor and wardens, and their fucceflors.

That then the faid ruffels fattens, fattens reveries, and-fuftians of Naples, and every of them, fo found defective, to be cut in two pieces^' and to pay fiich fine or fines as (hall be offered and affered by the faid twelve expert men, by virtue of their oaths ;

(2) the one moiety of vtfhich fine or fines to be to the mayor of the faid city for the time being, and to his fucceflors, and the other moiety to the wardens of the faid fellowlhip for the time being, and "to their fucceflors.	'

X.	Provided always, and be it further efiaCted by the authd- forfei-rity aforefaid. That if any warden or wardens for.tMe tirne be-

ing, of the laid myftery or occupation of making ruflJds fattens, feal any ruf-faftens reverfes, aiid fuftians of Naples, lhall at any tune here- fels fattens, After feal, or caufe to be fealed any ruffels fattens, fattens rever- &c. being de-fes, or fuftians of Naples, that lhall not be well, fofficient and feaivc-truly wrought and made according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent aCt, he lhall forfeit and lofegFor every piece fo fealed, being not well, fuflicient and truly wrought and made, the whole value of every fuch piece fo fealed; (2) the one half of which forfeitures to be to the King and Queen’s ma-jeffies, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to be to fiich perfon and perfons as (hall fue for the fame by bill, aCtion or information, in any of the King and Queen's courts of record; in which bill, aCtion or information, no efloin, protection or wager of law lhall be allowed.

GAP. XV.

An aft to confirm the liberties of the lords marchers of

Wales.

TTUmbly befeeching your excellent Makefiles, your true and faithful 27 H. s. c. 26*

r\ fubjeftS) the lows mar chefs, bothJpiritual and temporal, ivithin

your Higonefs dominion of Wales, Thatwhereasin the parliament holi-

en at Weftminfter, the xxvi}. year of the reign of King Henry the

Eighth, father unto you our natural fovereign Lady amongjl other

things, one aft was made and eftabHJhed, for laws and jujlice to be

mimftred in the 'fiiid ■ dominion of Wales, in like form as it is in

this realm of England: (2) In the which aft one article is, That what liberties

for that the lords marchers before the parliament had ufed to put their the lord* '

tenants within their lordjhips marchers under common mainprife and 5fr1Phe^ jj1

furety ef appearance^ and have had -the forfeitures thereof, which for	'

ever,

64 -Anno primo & fccundo Philippi & Majujb. c.15. ^1554.;

over, from and after the feaft of All Saints then next enfuing the (aid parliament, Jhould utterly ceafe and be determined.

By the ftat. ot	II. It was enabled. That after the faid feajl of All Saints* every

4	lord 26 an^ tmPorQl perfon then being a lord marcher, Jhould have the

marcher tem- tnoiety or half of every forfeiture of all and every common main-poral in Wales prife, recogntfance for the peace or appearance, forfeited byMny of Shall have the their tenants inhabiting within any of their lordjhips marchers, (2) forfeiture of an^ t0 ^	fame	m*e/*	or t*alf b the bands of the Jbe-

hi* tenant.0 r/iT °f every of the counties where fuch forfeiture Jball be, if the Jberiff can devy the fame \ ($) and the faid fheriff to accompt to our faid late fbvereign lord the King, for the, other half or moiety, in Juch exchequer as they be accomptant:

III.	And further, it was enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every lay and temporal perfin or perfons, then being lords marchers, and having any lordjhips marchers or lordjhips royal, Jhould from and after the Jaiifeaft of All Saints, have all fuch mifes and profits of their tenants, as they have had, or ufed to have, at their firjl entry into their lands in times paft: (2) And alfo Jhould have,

~	hold and keep within the precinbt of tbiir lordjhips, courts baron,

courts leetand laiodays, and all and every thing to the faid courts belonging ; (3) and alfo Jhould have within the precinbt of their faid lordjhips or lawday, waife,Jlraife, infang-thefe, oufang-thefe, trea-fure-trobe, deodands, goods ana chattels of felons, and of perfons condemned or outlawed of felony or murder, put in exigent for felony or murder, and alfo wreck de mere, wharfage and cufloms of grangers, as they have had in times paft, and as though Juch privileges were granted unto $em by point of charter; any thing in that abt to the contrary notwtthftanding, as in the faid abt of parliament more at large it may appear:

IV.	And forafmuch as bijhops and other ecckfia/licalperfons being lords marchers, having the like liberties, cajualties, profits and commodities, within their lordjhips marchers, and lordjhips royal, witbih the faid dominion or principality of Wales, were not provided for by the exprefs letter of the faid Jtatute, in like fort as the lay and temporal lords marchers were, but rather of purpoft, as it Jhould feem, forgotten and left out of the faid abt, agdinft all reafon and good equity: (2) And forafmuch alfo as the heirs and fucceffors of

* the lay and temporal lords marchers then being, were not provided for by the limitation and'exprefs words of the jaid abt, as well as their anceftorsandpredecefforswere, as reafon would they Jhould have been:

V.	It may pleaie your Majefties of your moft gracious favours and benignity, at the humble fuit and Application of your faid faithful fubjedts, ti e lords marchers that now are in the faid dominion of Wales, both fpiritual and temporal, to grant that it may by the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this prefent parliament aflTembled, Be ordained, efta-blilhed, and enadlcd by the authority of this prefent parliament

What foHjei- aflembled. That as well your faid fpiritual and ecclefiaftical fub-' nefe^be ** jedls, lords marchers, now haying lord (hips marchers or lord-lords march- Ihips royal in Wales aforefaid, and their fucceflors, and the facers, bothfpi- ceflors of every of them, as alfo the heirs and fucceflors of the

lords

1554*1 Anno primo & fecundo Philippi & Marine. 0.16,17. 65 lords temporal marchers that then were, or now be, and the ritual and heirs and fucceffors, of every of them, being or which hereafter (hallbe lords marchers, within their lordlhips marchers andhave of their lordlhips royal in the dominion or principality of Walts, (hall tenants, have and enjoy to them, and to their heirs and fuccefibrs re- Co. pla. fol. fpedttvely and feverally for ever, the moiety and half of every SS°* forfeiture of all and every common mainprife, recognifance for the peace or .appearance, forfeited by any their tenants, inhabiting within any of their lordlhips marchers or lordlhips royal $

(2) and they to be paid the fame moiety or half by the hanas of the (heriff of the county for the time being, after fuch form and fort as the faid lay or temporal lords marchers have been or ought to have been paid the fame,* by force of the laid fta« tute:

VI.	And further,,(hall have all fuch miles and profits of their The mifet, tenants, as the lords marchers, fpiritual or temporal, refpec- profits, liber* tively or feverally had or ufed to haVe at their firft entry into fie^chife« of their lands in times pad before the making of the faid a& or fta- i^dsmsucheis tute: (a) And alfo (hall have, hold and keep within the pre- reformed, cindt of their faid lordlhips all fuch courts-baron, courts-leet and lawdays, and all and every thing and things to the fame courts belonging: (3) And alfo (hall have within the preciftdt of their faid leveral lordlhips or lawdays, all fuch waife, ftraife, infang-thefe, outfang-thefe, treafure-trove, deodands, goods and chattels of felons, and of perfons condemned or outlawed of felony or murder, put in exigent for felony or murder, and alfo all luch wreck de mere, wharfage, and cuftoms of (hungers, as the lords marchers fpiritual and temporal refpec-tively and feverally had and ufed in times pafi, before the mak- / ing of the faid ftatute.

CAP. XVI.

The ftatutes made anno it H. S. c. 7. 13 H. 8. c. 3 Sc 17. a* H. 8. C. 9.

18 H. 8. c. 6, 8, 9. 31 H. 8. C. 7. 35 H. 8. c. 17. 37 H. 8. c. 13. 1 & 3 Ed. 6. c. 9. 3 tc 4 Ed. 6. c. 19 & 11. 5 fc 6 Ed. 6. c. 14. 7 Ed. 6. c. 11 •

1 Mar. fefT. 1. c. 11 & 13. revived, and made to continue until the lait day of the next parliament. EXP. 1 Eliz. c.

CAP. XVII.

An alt touching leafes hereafter to be made b$ certain fpiritual perfons.

WHE RE in the parliament begun and holden at Wcftminfler ^ mucj, ^ the eighth day of June in the xxviij. year of the reign if the ftat. of a* our late King of famous memory, Henry the Eighth, and there cm- H. 8. c. n. m tinued and kept until the diffoluiion of the fame parliament the concerneth eighteenth day of July next following, one a£l entituled, An alt for ofti^femsfe the reflitutien of the firft-fruits in the time of vacation to the next by a fpiritual incumbent, tvat had and made, wherein are certain claufes fir leafes perfon of his then made and tole made by fpiritual and eccleJiaJHcal perfons, to en- benefice to a dure and be in force for term of fix years, if the incumbents did re- IbmTyearfaf-fign their^faid fpiritual promotions, or if the fame Jhotdd other-wife ter th* leffor’s

66 Anno iecundo & tertio Philippi & Maria. c.1,2. [1555,

resignation or btcomi void by the only aft of the fame incumbtnts, as by the fame death, altered. mre at jaf^e appear: (2) To the intent the parfons and vicars, and others having cure of fouls, may the better attend, and be the more vigilant in their mntftry and funtlim ;

The ftat. of II. Be it enaded by the King our fovereign. lord, and by the s8 H. s. c. »i. Queen our fovereign lady, with the aflents of the lords fpiritual fhallnot ex* and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament here^erto be	and by the authority of the fame. That as much of

maH. by foi. the fame ad as doth concern the making good of the fiud leafes, ritual perioni. he any dauie, fentence, provifion or article therein contained, ihall extend or be conllnied or adjudged to extend to any leafe that (hall be made by any parfon, vicar, or any other having any fpiritual promotion after the feaft of the punficadoa of our Lady next coming. 13 EL c. 20. 14 El. c. 11.

Anno fecundo & tertio Philippi & Mariae.

ACTS made at a parliament begun and balden at , Weftminller the one and twentieth day of Oftober in the fecond and third year of the reign of oar moft gracious fovereign lord and lady Philip and Mary, by the grace of God, King and Quetn of England, France, Naples, Je-rufalem and Ireland, defenders of the faith; princes of Spain and Sicily; archdukes of Auftria; dukes of Milan, Burgundy and Brabant; counties of Hafpurg, Flanders, and Tyroll; and there continued and kept until the diffdu-tion of the fame, being the. ninth day of December then next enfuing, were enacted as felloweth.

CAP. I.

Commifsions (hall be awarded to certain perfons, to enquire what and how many caftles, fortrefles, villages, houfes and habitations, have been decayed within the counties of Northumberland, Weftmorland, and the biihoprick of Durham, and by whom, and by what means, and how many are meet to be re-edified, and how many* are fit to be made of new, and in what places 5 and what parts of the (aid counties and bhhopricks be apt to be mdofed, and converted to tillage, or other neceftary manu-rance; and what perfons be owners, lords, termors and poflefiors of. the fame, or claim any intereft therein, and what eftates they haves and thereupon to take fuch order for. the re-edifying of fuch caftles, houfes,' dec. and for the new ere&ing of others; and for the inclofing of fuch parts as (hall be thought convenient. EXP. &REP. 4 Jac. 1. c. t.

CAP. IL

A confirmation of the ftatute of 4 H. 7. c. 19. touching 'maintaining of houfes of husbandry, and land convenient for the upholding of tillage. Com millions (hall be awarded to certain perfons to. enquire, hear and determine all defaults and offences committed fince anno so H. 8. or hereafter to be committed contrary to die tenor of the faid ftatute of 4. H. 7. and the ftatute of 7 H. 8. c. 1* Which commiftioncrs (hall and

may

1555< | Anno fccondo &tmitfPHTLiPPi& Maria.

67

again* and 'for the deftrbying and dimlpifhingof Conies in a ground - in or near any corh£eid;>ii6t being UwfOl w*n*n. fo endure to the lafi day of tbe next parliament,.

. ■	V

4ft aflfdrtbe keeping of milch Jane,< arid for breeding and ...............

. ■ ' ■

FOrafinuch as 0/ late .years\ a greati ttumberef* pet fins within ibiv+jealm \babe hid their landsj famrandpaftures tofeeding efjbeefr why ruktSjJbrubsi fieers dudbolfers, and fuchotherlike catt{er^ -hading mregardyr. earetb breedund Mr upyoungbeafie and

cattle, whereby is grown greqtFcafcitfd' cattle, and viftual necejfary for the fufeno^ce ef divert, ]'forts of people, within tbiy realm, and

:more\ivtke

ILItis tberefereb’y.t^	prefent	parliament	gj	tbe	fiat,	of

enacted, That every perfon which from the feaft of the purifi- 7 jac. 1. c, 8. catiori ^ ow Lady neict enfaing, (hall keep or fee# above the tbisflatute/hall number of fix fcore (here fheep for the tnoft* part of the year, ext^,j0ks&. upon his or her feveral paihires,* hinds, feedings or farms apt t0 y* ormcet fpr.milch kw, aqd wberemnoother perfon hath at fifed. *	1

the making of this prefent aft common for any cattle at any timfe of the year, (hall by authority of this aft yearly fo long as he (hall keep or feed the faid number of fi* fcore mere fheep* a cow (hall be for eveay, three, fcoye (here (beep fo, kept or fed* keep one milch kept for fixty cow, and (hall breed and rear up yearly for every fix feore there	al*d a

fheepfekept as is aforefaid, one calf $5 (2) upon’ pain offorfei-ture for every month that any fuch perfon (hall not for every	p#

three fcore (here (heep as .is afprefard, keep and feed one milch coWtv,xx, s. for every cow (b not kept: (,3) And fear lack of : rearing, and breeding of one calf for every fix (core (hero fheep, to fdifeit Hkewife xx. s. for every calf fo not reared and fed.;

III.	And that every, perfon which :after the ajforef^id feajtj of a milch cow the purification of our Lady, upon his or.her fevj^ai. pafcurcf as (hall be kept afore is. (aid, (hall; keep or feed above the number of twenty tcn oxen, runts, (hrubs, fteers, heifers or kine, (hall by authority	kiJJe a

of this aft, for every 'ten beads of the faid. forts fo kept and	reared.

fed, keep and nourith one milch cow,, and breed, roar, and waine yearly, and keep for one whole year, one calf for every two milch kine fo charged to be kept,upon the feveral. pains and forfeitures afore rehearfed, except the faid calf or calves (hall chance to die within the faid year, without covin or fraud tfygrs-to added 5 (2) the one half of which (aid forfeitures ffhfcH be >0	'■	„

the ufe of our faid fovereign lord and lady the King arid Queenfe	< .

majefties; and the Pther half to the ufe of the party that with- ** • in one year after the offence committed will foe for thefame in any of the King^and ’Queen's majefties courts of record, or ... before the juftke&of peace in the. fame (hire where any fuch . caufeof forfeiture (hall he had, at the general fefitons (Whb by

F 2	authority.	.

68 Anno fecundo & tcrtio Philippi & Marine. c.4-^7. [1555.

authority of this (hall have power to hear and determine the faid offence^) by bill, information; prefentment, action of debt or detinue;- in which' action, or iuit no effoin, protection, wager ojf law or Jicencsito the contrary (hall be allowed.

without fraud or covin;, .(a) This act to endure.only unto the end of feven years next (allowing the feaft of the Puiificatim of our Lady aforeiaid, and from thence to the .end of the par-7 Jac. s. c. s« lament then next following. Modi perpetual bj 13 Eh c. 25* .

CAP,IV/	"V"

The payment of the firft-fruits of fpirkual livings to~tfie Queen Ihsril ceafe.

The yearly tenths heretofore paid to the'Qgeen by the ftatute of 26 H. S. c. 3. (hall be employed to other gddly ales. Parfonagefe impropriate, tithes, glebe lands,.and other ecclefiafldcai livings, renounced by the 1 Queen. But this a£t (hall not extend to tenths referved upon letter? ' patents. Rep. z Rliz. c. 4.	(

CAP. V. - : . r

EXP*	The ftatute of %% H. S. c. is* and 3 &' 4. Ed. 6. c.	concerning beggars, I

vagabonds and idle perfo'ns, (hall be put in execution* Relief for the j aged and impotent poor of every parith, (hall be gathered^ weekly of the charitable devotion of the inhabitants. A remedy where a parifti is not able to relieve the poor therein, and where a town furcharged with poor ftandeth in or near two counties : and where there be feveral pariJhes in a city, borough or town. A poor man licenced to beg, (hall wear a badge on his bread, and back openly. Tn endure to the end rf the Jirftfejfym of the next parliament.	*	.

CAP. VI.

nCar.s.c.14, -An att againft the exceffive taking ofthe King and Queen’s majeftiet purveyors. Purveyors taking contrary to order (haft be punidted. Great annoyance done by the Ring's purveyors. No com million (hall con-- tinue above fix months. The county (hall be named where things (hall be taken. The proportion‘.and number of things taken. Blanks in i parchment for every county where any thing ihtil he provided. The eonftable’s name fubferibed. The purveyor (hall make* docket of all . things by him taken. Dockets (hall be delivered to the juftices of peace. Farmer ftatutes provided for purveyors (hall be obferved. Statutes provided for purveyors (hall extend to their deputies. The purveyor’s commiifion (hall be written in English.

CAP* VII.

An aSl ageunft the buying ofJlolen borfes.

%U-	TTOraftnuch as Jlolen borfes, mares and geldings, by thieves and

tifgbtreio,	* tbeir confederates, be for the mojl part fold-, exchanged, given

11 El. 1.1*. or put away tn boufes, fables, batk-ftdes and other feeret end privy la what mn-. places of markets and fairs, and the toll alfo privily paid for the fame, Jhail be fold thereby the true earners thereof, being not,able to try the faljhood and in fairs or toviti betwixt the buyer and felleroffuch horfe, mare, or gelding, is markets.	by the tmmon law of tbit realm without remedy •

n. Be

*555-'] . Anno-fceundb & tcrrio Philippi & Marine, c.7.	69

II.	Be it therefore ena<5Ved by the authority of this prefent parliament, That the owner, governor, ruler, fermor, (toward, bailiff, orchief keeper of every fair and market overt within this realm, and other die Queen’s dominions, {hall before the

fea of Eajler next, and fo yearly, appoint and limit out a The former certain and {pedal open place within the town, place, field “ &1* or circuit, where hones, mares, geldings and colts have been and {hall be ufed to be fold in any fair or market overt; (a) in a pirct (hall which laid certain and. open place, as is aforefaid, there {hall be, be appointed by the {aid ruler or keeper of the (aid fair or market, put in and for a horfe-appointed one fufficient perfon or more, to take toH and keep a the fame place from ten of the dock before noon until fun-fet of every day of the fbrefaid fiur and market, upon pain to lofe and forfeit for every default forty {hillings: (3) and that When, where every toll-gatherer his deputy or deputies, {hall, during the a"d of whom time of every the faid fairs and markets, take their due and’J®1'I/?™0™* lawful tolls for every fuch horfe, mare, gelding or colt, at .the * l0e a ’ laid open place to be appointed as is aforefaid, and betwixt the hours of ten of the clock in the morning and fun-fet of the fame day, if it be tendred, and not at any other time or place ; {4) and {hall have prefently before him or them, at the talcing of the fame toll, the parties to the bargain, exchange, gift, contradf, or putting away of every fuch node, mare, gelding or colt;	•

and alfb the fame horfe, mare, gdding and colt fo fold, exchanged or put away $ (5) and {hall then write or caufe to be . written in a book to be kept forthat purpofe, the names, fur-, names, and dwelling-places of all the faid parties, and the colour with one fpecial mark at the leaft, of every fuch horfe, mare, gdding and colt; (6) in pain to forfeit at and for every, default contrary to the tenor thereof, forty {hillings.

III.	And the faid toll-gatherer or keeper of the feid book A note of all {hall, within oi>e day next after every filch fair or market bring

and deliver his faid bode to the., owner, governor, ruler, °rnw'

fteward, bailiff or chief keeper of the faid fair or market, who

(hall then oaufe a note to be made of the true number of all

horfes, mares, geldings and colts fold at the faid market or fair, and

{hall there fubferibe his name, or fet his mark thereunto; (2)

upon f&iii to liim that fhall.make default therein, to lofe and

forfeit for every default -forte {hillings, and dfo anfwer the.

party.grieved by reafcm of the fame his negligence in every.

behalf.	.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thenfingof That the fale, gift, exchange, or putting away after the laft day ? ftol*9

of Ftbruary now . next coining, in any fair or market overt, &c* before the of any, horfe, marp, gelding or colt, that is or (hall be thievifh- owner’s pro-ly ftojen, or felonioufly taken away from any perfon or .perfons,' petty (hall be fnall not alter, take away, nor exchange the property of anytaken away* perfon.or perfons to or from.any fuch horfe, mare, gelding or colt, unlefs the: fame horfe, mare, gelding or dolt (nail be in the time of the faid fair or market wherein the feme (hall be fo fold, given, exchanged, or put away, openly ridden, led,

•	F	3	walked,

%

70 Anno fecundo & tertb Philippi & Mari A. c.7- CT555-

walked, driven or kept Handing . by (be fpace of one hotir together At the leaft, betwixt ten of the clock, in themoming and the fun-fettihg, irt the open place of the'fur or market whfcrein horfes are commonly died <d be. fold, and not within any houfe, yard, back-fide of other privy or (Secret place,, and unlefs all the parties to the bargain,. eontraftj gift or exchange,. prefeto in .the faid fair or market, (hall alfo come .together,

' and bring;the horfe, mare, gelding or colt*fo< fold, exchanged given or put a Way* to the open place appointed for the toll-- taker, or . for the book-keeper when no toll is due, and there enter or cable, to be entered their natqes and dwelling-places, in manner as is aforelaid, with the colour or colours, and one fpecial mark at the lead of every the fuse horfes, mares, geldings . or colts, in the toll-taker’s bodk, or in the keeper's book for. that purpofe where no* toll is due, as id aforefoid, and alfo pay him their toll,, if. they ought to pay any; and if not, then the buyer, to give one. penny for the entry of their names, and executing the other circumftanceS afore rehearfed, to him -that (hall-write, the famein.the.laid boob. '

. V. And if anyharft, mate, geldihg or:cdt, that is or (hall < be thieviihly ftolenor taken away, Ibad after the faid laff:day of Ftbruory next coming be fold, given,. exchanged or .put away, in any fair or market,, and not ufed in all points according to the tenor and mtent of thiseftatute, that then the owner, of every fuch horfe,. mare,. gelding or colt, Ihall and may by. force of this eftatute feife or take again the laid horfe, mare, gelding or colt, or have ah aftion of detinue or replevin for the famb 5 any fale, gift, exchange, or putting away of any fuch horfe, mare, gelding or colt, ocher than according to this eftatiite, in any wile ryotwjthftanding.

.. VI. JThe one half ofdll which forfeitures tobe to the King and Queen's majefties; her heirs) and fucceffors, and the other to him qc them that will fue for the fame before the juilices of peace,, or in any of the King’s and Queen’s tnajefties ordinary courts of record, by bill, plaint, aftion of debt or information, in which fuits no proteftion, edbin or waget of law lball'be allowed." ••	'	•'

The juftices ’ VII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the of peace thall juftices of. peace of .-every plaice and corinty, as weft within li-hear and de- berries u without, .{hall have authority in. theirfelfions, within; offences afore- t*'c	°f their authority and commiflion, to enquire,’'hear-

fuA ' and determine all offences againft this eftatute^ as they may do any other matter triable before them.

The allow- VIII. Provided always. That in. every-fuch fair or market, ance ot the where any toll is nor ihall be due ne leviable, by reafon of the booSTwhere* freedom, liberty or privilege of the faid fair' or maket, the notoUisdue. keeper or keepers of the book, touching the execution of * this prefent aft, (hall take nor exaft but one penny upon and for every contraft, for his labour, in writing the entry concerning the premises, in manner andfonn as is before declared.

X:.. •	'	'	‘' 1 '	;: cap.

1555-] Anno fecundo & tertio Philippi & Marine, c.8. 71

CAP. VIII.

The ftatute for mending of highways.

FOR amending of highways, being new both very noifom and tedious te travel in, and dangerous to all pajfengers and carriages :

(2)	Be it enafted by the authority of this prefent parliament) Who fall be that the conftables ana church-wardens of every pari(h within charged to-this realm, (hall yearly upon the Tuefday or Weanefday in Eager week call together a number of the parilhioners, and mall 0f highways, then ele<ft ana chufe, two honeft perfons of the parilh to be fur- Surveyors veyors and orderers for one year, or the works for amendment fa*1 he *P" of the highways in their parilh leading to any market-town; JheMwnd-

(3)	the which perfons fhall have authority by virtue hereof, ment of high* to order and direft the perfons and carriages that (hall be ap- ways.

!minted for thofe works, by their difcretions 5 (4) and the J Mod. 96. aid perfons fo named (hall take upon them the execution of f. their faid offices, upon pain every of them making default, to * forfeit twenty (billings.

II.	And the-faid conftables and church-wardens (hall then Four days alfo name and appoint four days for the amending of the (ball be ap-faid ways, before the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Raptiji panted for then next following; (2) and (hall openly in the church the next Sunday after jWaf er give knowledge of the feme four days; ™ayii 8l>"

(3)	and upon the-laid cays the parilhioners (hall endeavour six dayt art themfelvcs to the amending of the faid ways; (4) and (hall <^dnttdby be chargeable thereunto as followeth; that is to fay, every	y*

perfon for every plow-land in tillage or pafture that he or (he chargem^* (hall occupy in the fame parilh, ana every other perfon keep- wards the ing there a draught or plough, (hall find and fend at every day mending of and piece to be appointed for the amending of the ways in that parilh as is aforelaid, one wain or cart fumifhed after thefgEh** cuftom of the country with oxen, horfes or other cattle, and f. », ’ * all other, nccgfiaries meet to carry things convenient for that purpole, and alfo two able men with the fame, upon pain of every draught making default, ten (hillings; (5) and every other houlholder, and alfo every cottager and labourer of that parilh, able to labour, and being no hired fervant by the year, (hall by themfelves or one lufficient labourer for every of them, upon every of the faid four days, work and travel in the amendment of tne (aid highways, upon pain of every perfon making default, to lofe for every day twelve pence. (6)

And if the faid carriages of the parirn, or any of them, fhall not be thought needful by- the fupervifors to be occupied upon any of the faid days, that then every fuch perfon^ that (hould have lent any fuch carriage, (hall fend to the faid work for every carriage fo (pared two able men, there to labour for that day, upon pain to lofe for every man fo Cent to the (aid work, twelve pence. (7) And every perfon and carriage abovefaid (ball haye 2nd. taing with them fuch (hovels, fpades, picks, tools fall be

F4	mattocks,	brought to be

What officers may enquire of offences.

’,72 Anno feeundo & tertio Philippi & Maria. c.8. [1555*

ufied about mattocks, and other tools and inftruments, as they do make highways, their own Pitches and fences withal, and fuch as be neceflary for their faid work : (8) and all the faid perfons and carriages (hall do and keep their work as they (hall be appointed by the faid fupervifors, or one of them, eight hburs of every of the . faid days, unlefs they (hall be otherwife licenced by the faid fupervilors, or one of. them. (9) And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the fteward and Rewards of every leet or law-day (hall therein have foil power and authority to enquire by the oaths of the fuiters, of all and every the offences that (hall be committed within the leet or law-aay, againft every point and article of this eftatute, and to aflefs fuch reafon-able fines and amerciaments for the fame, as (hall be thought meet by the faid fteward : (10) and in default of fuch enquiry or presentment, the juftices of peace of every place or county (hall have authority to enquire of the fame offences which (hall be committed within the limits of their commiflion at every their quarter-fedions, and tp aflefs fuch fines therefore as they or two of them, whereof one to be of the quorum, (hall thins: meet: (11) and the fteward of eveiy leet and law-day (hall make eftreats indented of all the fines, forfeitures and amerciaments for the defaults prefented before him, and (hall deliver the one part thereof fealed and (igned by him, to the bailiff and high conftable of every hundred, rape, lathe or wapentake wherein the defaults (hall be prefented, and the other part to the conftable and church-wardens of the parifh wherein the defaults were made; the fame to be yearly delivered within fix weeks after the feaft of Saint Michael tne archangel: (12) and the clerk of the peace (hall make the like eftreats indented, of the fines, forfeitures and amerciaments, for the defaults prefented before the juftices of peace, aftd (hall feal, fubferibe and deliver the fame in like fort as is aforefaid; (13) the which eftreats, and every of them, (hall be a fufficient warrant to the faid bailiff or chief conftable to levy the faid amerciaments, fines and forfeitures by way of diftrefs : (14) and if no fufficient diftrefs can be found by the faid bailiff or head conftable, or if the faid offender (nail obftinately refofe to pay the faid amerciament, fine^or forfeiture, and do not pay the feme within twenty days after a lawful demand of the fame by the faid officer, that then every fuch perfon to forfeit the double fum that he (hould before have paid.

JII. And be it further enaAed, That every of the faid bailiffs and head conftables (hall at leaft once every year betwixt the firft of M(irch and the laft day of April, make a true account and payment of all fuch fums of money, to the conftable and church-wardens of every pari(h wherein the offences were committed, pr to two of them, as he (hall have colle&ed upon jany of the faid eftreats, upon pain to forfeit for every time he lhall not fo do, forty (hillings.

IV.	And be it eqalted by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, amerciaments and forfeitures, which (hall be due for

any

The penalty for refuting to pay the forfeitures.

The constables account.

Hpw the forfeitures (hall be employ ed.

1555.] Anno fecundo & tertip Philippi & ]V{ari.®. c.g. 73

any offence againft this purvey of the eftatute, (hall be to the church-wardens of every parUh wherein the offences (hall be . committed, to Be beftowed on the highways in the faid parilhes:

(2)	and the faid church-wardens (hall have authority to call the % laid bailiff and head conftable to account before the juftices of peace or two of them, whereof one to be of the 'quorum, by bill information or otherwife : (3) the which juftices (hall have authority to take the faid account, and to comipit the faid bailiff or head conftable to prifon, there to remain until he (hall pay all fuch arrearages as (hall be adjudged by the faid juftices; (4) and every of the faid bailiffs and head conftables. The bailiff upon their accounts, (hall have allowed for every pound he an<* head con-fhall colled and pay, eight pence for his own pains, and twelve tobies ap-pence for the fees of the clerk of the peace, or lleward of the coun ’ leet, for the eftreats indented of every feveral pari(h that they lhall deliver as aforefaid; (5) and the fucceffors of every churchwardens (hall have the like a&ion of account againft their pre-deceflors, as is before appointed againft the bailiffs. (6) This ad to continue for feven years next after the beginning of this parliament, and to the end of the next parliament then next following. Revived by 5 Eh c. 13. and made perpetual by 27 EL £. 24. 29 EL e. 5. 13 & 14 Car. 2. c< 6.

CAP. IX.

An aft to avoid divers licences for boufes where unlawful games be ufed.

MOST humbly befeechetb the £>ueen*s moji excellent highnefs, All licences your laving and obedient fubjefts, the commons in this your to keep houfcs prefent parliament ajfembled, That where by reafon of divers fundry	be

licences heretofore granted to dfoers perfons, as well within the city {/'London and the fuburbs of the fame, as alfo in divers other places The inconve-within your Highnefs realm, for the having, maintaining and keep- nienciesofper-ing of boufes gardens and places for bowling* tennis, dicing, white mining houfes and black, making and marring, and other unlawful games prohibit- Lames	U

ed by the laws andftatutes of this realm, divers and many unlawful 33 h. s. c. 9. affemblies, conventicles, fedttions and confpiracies have and been daily 16 Car. 1. c. 7. Jecretly praftifed by idle and mifruled perfons repairing to fuch 9 An*€-places 5 of the which, robberies and many other mtfdemeanors have enfued to the breach of your Highnefs peace: (2) for remedy whereof, it may pleafe your Highnefs that it may be enaded by your Highnefs, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament ailembled. That from and after the All licences feaft of the birth of our Lord God now next coming, every to keep fuch licence, placard or grant made to any j>erfon or perfons, for boufess (hall the having, maintenance, or keeping of any bowling-allies, be V01 ' dicing-houfes, or other unlawful games, prohibited by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, , (hall be from the faid feaft utterly void and of none effed.

CAP.

74 Anno feeundo & tertio Philippi & Marls, c. io. [1555.

C A P. X.

An alt to take examination of prifoners fitfpeSed of any man-Jlaughter or felony.

Juftice* of TT 7’HEBLE in the lafi parliament holdm at Weftminfter, amongfi peace tall W other things it mas enabled* 7 hat fuch juftices of the peace as ZZ’ZZSS' haw authority to hail any. prifoners brought before thm for any man-of felony, &c. Jtaugbter or felony, before-any bailment or mainprife* Jbould take the and flail bind examination of the fatd prifontr, and iitformation of them that bring theiraccofer*	the fait and circumfiances thereof and the fame, or as much

tHvt thereof as fiaU be material to prove the felony* JhaU put in writing abneou before they make the fame bailment; (2) which faid examination,

» &* Ph.&M. together with the fatd bailment, the fail jujlices fall certify at the c> *3-	next general gaol-delivery to be bolden within the Baits of their com-

niffion, as by the fame aBmore plainly is contained, and may appear:

II.	And forafmucb as the faid a8 doth net extend to Jutb prifoners as JhaU be brought before anyjujtites ofpeace for manfiaxgbter or felony, and by fiucb jufiice JhaU be committed to ward for the fufpicion of fuch manjlaughter or felony* and not bailed, in which cafe the examination of juch prifontr , and of fetch as /ball bring him, is as necejfary* or rather more than where Juch prif oner Jbeil be let to boil or mampnfe;

(2) be it therefore enacted bv the authority of this prefent par-atalum ‘ liament, That from henceforth fuch juftice or juftices before thatitfufped- whom any perfon (hall be brought for manilaughter or felony, ed of felony, or for fufpicion thereof, before he or they (hall commit or fend before.b*j,e fuch prifoner to ward, (hall take the examination of fuch pri-pdfim**8*1*0 ®>ner» information of thofe that bring him, of the fa# and p	circumftance thereof, and the fame, or as much thereof as (hall

be material to prove the felony, (hall pjut in writing within two days after the laid examination; (3) and the fame (hall certify in fuch manner and form, and at (uch time, as they (hould ana j ought to do, if fuch prifoner fo committed or Cent to ward had been bailed or let to mainprife, upon fuch pain as in die (aid former a# is limited and appointed for not taking, or not certifying,

^ fuch examinations as in the faid former a# is exprefled. (4) And be it further enabled. That the faid juftices (hall have au-. gW* evidence thority by this a#, to bind all fuch by recognifance or obliga-agajnft the tion, as to declare any thing material to prove the faid man-venaoex. (laughter or felony againft fuch prifoner as (hall be fo committed to ward, to appear at the next general gaol-delivery to be holden within the county, city or town corporate where the trial of the faid manilaughter or felony (hall be, then and there	j

to give evidence againft the party; (5) and' that the faid juftices	;

(hall certify the faid bonds taken before them, in like manner as they (hould and ought to certify the bonds mentioned in the faid former a#, upon pain as in the (aid former ad is mentioned, for not certifying fuch bonds as by the faid former ad is limited and appointed to be Certified,

/

CAP.

1555-1 Anno fecundo &terffc> Philippi & Marl®. c.i j. 75

CAP. XI.

An act touching weavers.

FORASMUCH as the weavers of ibis realm have •as well at

this prefent parliament, at at divers other times ,• complained that having! ° the rich and wealthy clothiers do many ways opprefs them,fome by Jet-ting up and keeping in their houfes divers looms, and keeping and	•

maintaining them by journeymen and perfons unjkilful, to the decay of a great number of artificers which were brought up in the faid fcience of weaving, their families and bbujhold 5 (2) fame by ingroffing of looms into their hands and pojfejftons, and letting them out atfuch unreafonable rents9 as the poor artificers ate not able to maintain themfehes, much lefs their wives, families and children; (3) fome alfo by giving much left wages and hire for the weaving and workmanfinp of clothes^ than in times pajl they did, whereby they are inforced utterly to forfake their art and occupation wherein they had been brought up:

II.	It is therefore for remedy of the premifles, and for the No olothier avoiding of a great number of inconveniencies which 'may grow fljajl ***?

(if in time it be not forefeen) ordained, eftablifhed and ena<5ted J^enToom. by authority of this prefent parliament. That no perfon uiing the feat or myftery of cloth-making, and dwelling out of a city, borough, market town or corporate town, (half from the feaft of St. Michael the archangel now next enfuing keep, retain or have in his or their houfe or pofleffion any more or above one woolen loom at one time; (2) nor (hall by any means diredtly or indirectly receive or take any manner profit, gain or com* modity, by letting or fetting any loom, or any houfe wherein any loom is or (hall be ufed and occupied, which (hall be together by him fet or let; (3) upon pain of forfeiture for every* week that any perfon (hall do contrary to the tenor and true meaning hereof, twenty (hillings.

III.	And be it further ordained and ena&ed by like autho- No weaver rity. That no woolen weaver uiing or exercifing the feat or have myftery of weaving, and dwelling out of a city, borough, mar- aboTc *7"D ket town or town corporate, (haU after the (aid feaft have or woocn 00 keep at any one time above the number of two woolen looms, or receive any profit, gain or commodity, direCtly or indire&Iy as is aforefaid, by any more than two looms at one time, upon pain to forfeit for every week that any perfon (hall offend or do to the contrary, twenty (hillings.	N

IV.	And it is further ordained and enaCted by like authority, ^a^haves That no perfon which (hall after the faid feaft ufe, exercife or tucking-mill. occupy only the feat or myftery of a weaver, and not'cloth-mak- Skinner 4.28. ing, (hall during the time that he (hall ufe the feat or myftery of a weaver, keep or have any tucking-mill, or (hall ufe or exercife the feat or. myftery of a tucker^ fuller or dyer, upon pain to forfeit for every week that he (hall fo do, twenty (hillings.

V.	And it is further ordained and ena&ed by the like au- No tucker or thority. That no perfon which after the faid feaft (hall ufe, £uHcr exercife or occupy the feat or myftery of a tucker or fuller, (hall oneloom^ during the time tnat he (hall fo ufe the faid feat or myftery, keep

or

76 Anno fecundo & tertio Philippi & Marine, c. i r. [1555.

or have any loom in his houfe or pofiefiion, or lhall diredly or indirectly take any profit or commodity by the fame, upon pain to forfeit for every week, twenty {hillings.

In what places VI. And it is further ordained and enaded by like authority, only woolen That no perfon whatfoever, which heretofore hath not ufed or dothes may exercifed the feat, myftery or art of cloth-making, (hall after 4*Tpk&M.	naake	or weave, or caufe to be made or woven,

c. 5.	any kind of broad white woolen clothes, but only in a city,

borough, town corporate or market town, or elfe in fuch place or places where fuch clothes have been ufed to be commonly made by the fpace of ten years next before the making of this ad, upon pain of forfeiture for every cloth otherwife made, five pound.

A weaver	VII. Provided always, and be it further ertaded by the au-

tro	aforefaid.	That	it	(hall not be lawful to any perfon or

tices.	1	*	perfons,	being	a	weaver,	or that doth or (hall ufe the art or

ReptaUdiy myftery of a weaver or Weaving, dwelling out of a city, borough, 5 El. c. 4. town corporate or market-town, to have in his and their fervice any more or above the number of two apprentices at one time, upon pain to forfeit for every time that he (hall offend or do contrary to this branch or article, the fum of ten pound.

None lhall be VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, a weaver but That it (hall not be lawful to or for any perfon or perfons, to fet he which hath up the art or myftery of weaving, after the (aid feaft of Saint ap“ Michael, unlefs the fame perfon or perfons fo fetting up the fame 5&6Ed. 6. ?r myftery of weaving, have been apprentice to the fame art c. s. ’ or myftery, or exercifed the fame by the fpace of feven years at • the leaft, upon pain of twenty pounds to be forfeited to the King and Queen’s majefties, her grace’s heirs or fuccefibrs; (2) the one moiety of all which forfeitures (hall be to the King and Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any court of record, byadion of debt, bill, plaint or information; wherein no wager or law, efloin or protection (hall be admitted or al-lowed for the defendant.

Tbe i hab’- IX. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority tantt of ccr- aforefaid. That this ad, nor any thing therein contained, (hall tain counties in any wife extend or be prejudicial to any perfon or perfons which (hall that aoth or (hall dwell in the counties of York% Cumberland, hrii^db^thi Northumberland and Wejimorland, but that they and every of *	* them (hall and may have and keep looms in their houfes, and

do and exercife all and every thing and things, for or concern-ing fpiiming, weaving, cloth-working and cloth-making in the faid counties, as they or any of them might have done or exercifed lawfully before the making of this eftatute; any thing contained in this eftatute to the contrary in any wife notwitb-(landing.

I555-.] A*100 fecundo & tertio Philippi & Marl®. c. i2.	77

CAP. XII.

jin act for the fealing and viewing of cloths* commonly called Bridgwaters..

WHERE Ajj&r* this time the boroughs and towns of Bridg- in what man-water* Taunton and Chard in the county of Somerfet have ner dothc* been well and fubjlantially inhabited* occupied, maintained and up- caUw* ho\den*for the moft part by reafon of the making of woolen dotbes;™^beta* commonly called Bridgwater, Taunton, and Chain clothes* which in they be times pa/l were much deftred* as well beyond the fias* as in the realm bought and of England* and thereby the inhabitants and poor people of the find foW. boroughs and towns* and of the country thereabouts, were daily Jet on work* and bad tofficient hiving by the fame; and where alfi the fold towns in times paft were of great force andftrength to firve the King and Queer?$ highnefs progenitors and ancejiors* kings of this realm :

(2) forafmucb as of late days divers per fins inhabiting and dwelling in villages* hamlets and fmatt towns of hufhandry in the faid county of Somerset* which were never prentices* or Jkilful in making of the faid clothes*. as well far their private wealths and commodity* as alfi becaufe they ycould be out of due fearch of their clothes to be made according to the^fiatute therefore provided* not regarding the maintenance 'y of the laid harpttgbs and towns> nor the common-wealth of the hands- f craftjmen* apd other poor people which chiefly had their living and fujflenance by making of the faid doth* have of late days exercifid* ufed and occupied the myjkrtes of cloth-making* weaving* fulling andjhear-ingy within their boufis* and have fa deceitfully made* wrought and Jlretched the faid clothes* to the infamy and Bander of cloth-making* in fuch fort and manner* that not my the fame forts of clothes are grown out of ejlimation* but alfi the faid towqs are in great decay* ruin and depopulation:

II. For remedy whereof* be it enadted by the authority of No this prefent parliament* That no perfon whatfoeyer inhabiting f0ia i^orc it , or which (hall hereafter inhabit within the faid county* (hall be viewed, after the feaft of the purification of our Lady next coming* com- fearched and monly called Candlemas* put to.fale any kind of fuch clothes as fealed. is aforefaid* or clothes of like nature* making, and fort* made or to be made within the (aid county, except fuch doth be firft viewed* fearched and feen, in one of the boroughs or towns aforefaid* whether the fame be perfectly and truly made according to the ftatute$ (2) and alfo that the fame be fealed with the fed of one of the faid boroughs or towns, in fuch fort* manner and form* as in the ftatute made in the fifth year of the reign of our late fovcreign lord King Edward the Sixth* intituled, 5 & 5 An aQt for the true making of woolen cloth* is for fealing ofc> 6* clothes provided. and enaded; (3). upon pain that every perfon offending or doing contrary to the true meaning of this a<ft,

(hall forfeit the cloth fold, or the value thereof: (4) the moiety of all which forfeitures (hall be to our fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen’s majefties, tl>e heirs and fucceftors of the Queen’s raajefty, and the ofher half to him or them that wilt fue for the fyne in any of, the King and Queen’s majeftics

courts

78 Anno fecunda & tertio Philippi	0:13. [1555.

courts of record, her heirs and (uccefibrs, wherein no efloin,

. protection or wager of law (hall be admitted or allowed. 4 (sf 5 P.&M.c. 5.	,	*	';v.

C AP. XIII. ;	..........

An 48 for,the inhabitants of Halifax to buy wools.

The mhabi- pORASMUCH at the pariJh if1M\!vik^	there-

faxmay bay- *** itn^ adjoining, being planted in the great wajteTdnd moors, where wool and leu the fertility of ground is net dpt to bring forth dhycern ntirgotid grafa, the feme but in rare places, and by exceeding and great inddftrf of theinmbi-again- * toutsand the fame inhabitants altogether do like by cloth-making, and the great part of them neither getteth corn, -no?- is able to' keep a horfe to carry wools, nor yet to buy much wool at oHce\ but hath ever ufed only to repair to the town <?/Halifax, and feme other nigh thereunto, and there to buy upon the wool-driver. Joine d fione^jme two,

/ and fame three and four, according to their ability, and to carry'the fame to their houfes, fame three, four, five and fix miles off, upon *•their heads and backs, and fa to make and convert the fame either into vyarn or doth, and to fall the fame, and fa to buy more 'weol of the | The ftatute o* wool-driver; by means of which indiifiry the barren grounds in thofe 5 & 6 Ed. 6. parts be now much inhabited, and above five hundred boujholds there c. 7. very pre- newly infreafed within the fa, forty years pa/t, which are now like to Inhabitants1 ot ^ un&m* driven to beggary, by reafdn of the late eftatute made, Halifax. $ *bat taketh away the wool-driver, fa that they cannot how 'have their wool by fuch fmall portions as they were wont to have, and that alfa they are not able to keep any horfes whereupon to ride, or fit their The inhabi- wools further from them in other places, ttnlefs fame remedy may be tants of Ha- provided: (2) for the remedy whereof, be it enacted by the woolTn^fell7 and Queen's majefties, by the lords fpiritual and tempo-it again there. ra^ and the commons, in this prefent parliament,, and by the ’ authority of the fame, That from henceforth it (hair be lawful . to any perfon or perfons inhabiting within the pari(h of. Halifax, to buy any-wool or wools, at fuch times as the clothiers , ‘ i’nay buy the fame, otherwifethan by ingroffing and fbreftalling, fo that the perfons fo buying the fame-do carry or caufe to be carried the faid wool fo bought by them, to the town of Halifax, and there to fell the fame to fuch poor folks 6f that and other parhhes adjoining, as (hall work the feme in doth or yarn (to their knowledge) and not to the rich and wealthy, nor fo any other to fell again: (3) and if either the faid wooMriver (hall fell his faid wools at any other place forth of the laid town of Halifax, or if any fuch (hall buy their wools at Halifax, (hall fell their wools that they bought, again unwrought in yam or cloth, that then every fuch offender to lofe and forceit the double value of the wool fo (old or uttered 5 the one moiety - thereof to be to the King and Queen’s maieflies, her heirs and fucceflbrs, Kings of this realm, and the other .moiety to hint or The juftices	that	will	fue forthe feme in any of the Kingand ’Queen's

hea^and'de^ Hiajefties courts of record, or before the juftices orpeaee in their termine thefe feflions, who by virtue hereof in their own open feflions fhdll offences. have authority upon information to hear and determine the

fame,

I555*l Annofecundo & teroo Philippi & MARIA. c» 14»?5* 79

fame, and to make procefs againfi the offenders, as jo any other cafe to bedctermined before them.

CAP. XIV.

It ihall be lawful to the dean and chapter of Hereford, within eight vcari next, to re-edify four fuficient mills, two corn-mills, and two fulling mills, upon the river Wye, in or near unto the plape where four old mills did ftaod*

CAP. XV.

An aS that purveyors /ball not take viduals within five miles of Cambridge or Oxford.

HUmbly fiu to your Majefiies, the fodetin, coUegesand computus of your true and faithful fulfills and daily orators, the fibo~ lart and/Indents of bath your Majefiies uniwrfttut, Cambridge W Csmtaijge Oxford, That mure it bath bun accujlonud time out of mini, both the find market-toms of Cambridge and Oxford, wherein the emut, hire faid two unrverfiiiesbt fit, and the circuit of five miles next a^fimng, been free of hath boon fret from any charge or moUfiation of any common takers or purwyort, purveyors for.vi&uak whereby the Jaid markets wore moreplenti~ fully ferved with visual, and the poor ejlate of a great multitude of fcholars having very bare and fmall fuflentatitn, thereby relieved j (2) and hew by the means that contrary to the fitme laudable cufiom, divers purveyors and takers have of late exceffivdy frequented the fame markets, and thereby given occafion to make vitfualr both more fcant and much dearer, to a notorious decay of fcholars, which alfo	*

daily in this' great dearth is tike to incrodfe and be more lamentable, to the) hinderance of God’s fervice, to the dijbontur tf the realm, the difeontfort of all good and holy men loving, learning and virtue:

II.	It may therefore pleafe your Msyefties of your great pity Purveyors' and abundant favour ana love towards your faid two universities, ihall not take being the very two only nurfes of good learning in this realm, with the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and thecom- oxford or mons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority within five of the .fame, toenaft, ordain and eftablilh. That from hence-mile* thereof, forth no manner of purveyor, taker, badger, loader, or-other minifter, mayor (hall take or bargain for any kind of vi&ual or grain, in any of the faid markets or towns of Cambridge and city of Oxford, nor (hall take or bargain for any victual within the compafs of five miles thereto adjoining, without the confent, agreement, or good will of the owner or owners; (2) neither Ihall attempt to carry, take away or bargain for any manner of grain or other victual, bought or provided within die faid (pace of five miles, by any common minifter of any college, hoftel or hall, to be fpent within any of the faid colleges, hoftels or halls, (3) upon pain of the forfeiture of the quadruple value of any fuen manner of grain or victual fo taken or bargained for, ' in any of the faid markets, or widiin the faid fpace of five miles (againft the will of the owners) as is abovefaid, or attempted to be taken, carried away or bargained for, being provided as is abovefaid, for to be fpent in any the colleges,

hoftels

quire of, and puniih the offences.

So Annofccundo&tcrrio Philippi & Marine, cm 6. [i 555.

hotels br halls ; and further (hall fuffer imprifonment for the Who may en- fpaceof three months, without bail or mainprife: (4) And that the chancellor or vicechancellor, or his commifTary for the time being, in either of the faid univerfities, with two juftices of peace of the county wherein the faid univerfities be fet, (hall h^ve full power by authority of this* a<51, to enquire by the oaths of twelve4 men, of and upon the defaults, and offences committed contrary to the tenor thereof, and to fee due puni foment and reformation thereof in form aforefaid from time to time; (5) the one half of which aforefaid forfeitures, to be to .the common treafurer of eithps of the faid univerfities, refpeftively to the fault committed againft this their privilege, the other half to the party that will lue for the lame by adtidn of debt, bill, plaint or otherwife, in any court of record, or before the aforefaid chancellor, his vicecnancellor or commiflary for the time being, and two juftices of peace, as is before expreffed.

This aft fuf- Ilf. Provided, That this aft (hall not be put in execution at thco ea^ any time or times whenfoever your Majefties, or the heirs andfuc-e Queen s ceffors of yOUr Majefty our fovereign lady (hall pleafe to come to any of both the faid univerfities, or within feven miles of either of them, but (hall be in fufpence during that time only, and not longer.

IV. Provided always, and be it enafted bythe authority afore-of Oxford and faid, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not in any wife be prejudicial or hurtful to the mayor bailiffs and commonalty of the city of Oxford, norto the mayor and commonalty of the town of Cambridge, or to their fucceffors, for and concerning any liberties or privileges ; but that they and every of them, and their fuccetiors refpeftively, may have and ufe the fame in fuch manner and form, as they or any of them might or ought to have done before the making of tnis aft 5 any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

; Queen« prefence.

The liberties

Cambridge

feved.

>3 Eliz. c. 21 iS Eliz. c. so. 12 Car. i« c. 24.

CAP. XVI.

An a£i touching watermen and bargemen upon the river of

Thames.

XTTHEREAS heretofore for lack of good government and due eight overfeert	order	amongft	wherrimen	and watermen exercijing, nftng and

ofwatermen occupying rowing upon the river of Thames, there have divert and rowingbe- many misfortunes and mifthances hapnei and chanced of late years paft, end'and Vef t0. f Zreat numl>er °f	King and Queen’s fubjefls, as well to the no-

Windfor. htlity as to other the common people that have pajfed and repajfed, and been carried by water, by reajan of the rude, ignorant and unjkilfid number of watermen, which for the moft part been mafterlefs men, and Jingle men of all kinds of occupations and faculties, which do work at their own hands, and many boys being of [mail age and of little Jkill, and being perfons out of the rule and obedience of any honeft majler and governor, and do for the moft part of their time ufe dyeing and carding, and other unlawful games, to the great and evil example of other fuch like, and againft the commonwealth of this realm :

(2) and

1555*3 Anno fccun3o& tcrdo Pffirutsi & Marl&w c.i6. St

' (2 ) and all which faid evil and ignorant per fins in the time of prefi- ScveraJ , tng by commiffion, for the fervice of the King and Queen’s mojl royal yo^/unikill majejlies upon the Jea,for that they have no inown place of abiding, m and lewd * ,dofor the moft part abjent and convey tkemfilves into the country, and watermen, other fecret places praftiftng there robberies and felonies, and other evil and detejlable fafts, to the great annoyance, of the commonwealth; andfo after the faid commiffion ofprejjing ended, oft times the faid evil perjons do repair again to their former trade of rowing* colouring their evil deeds $ (3) and alfo divers of them being very ignorant.\ for lack of convenient time of learning and exercife, in the which they might obtain fufficient knowledge of their occupation, do oftentimes prefume end enterprife to receive divers of our faid fovemgn lord and bay the King and ft*ueen’s majejlies loving fubjefts into their boats and wherries, and do carry and convey their faid fubje&s from place to place by water , upon the faid. river of Thames, whereby divers per-Jons have been robbed, andfpoiled of their goods, and alfo drowned.

. II. Andfor and by the occafion of ore faid, be daily put in fear and peril of their lives* the which is very bmentable and not to be permitted orfuffered in any commonwealth; (2) and byreafon alfo* that a great number, and the mojl part of the wherries and boats now occupied and ufed, and of late time made for rowing upon the faid river* been made fo little andfmallin proportion, and fifirait and narrow in the bottom, varying much from the. old fubftantial fort and fare making of boats and wherries which was ufed before theIpace of twenty years leftpajl, infomucb as themojl part of boats and wberriesufed at this day , been faJhaUow and tickle, that thereby great peril ana danger of drowntn* hath many times enjued, and daily is like to enfue* unlefs fme fpeeay remedy be herein had andprovided:

. III. For reformation whereof, be it enaded by the King and J^hto^rfeeit Queen’s majefties* the lords fpiritualand temporal, and the comT <>t watermen mons in this prefent parliament aiTembled, and by the author upon the river rity .of the fame. That there (hall be yearly appointed, chofen T^a and elected by the mayor and the court of aldermen of the city of London for the time bring, the number of right perfons of the moft wife, difereetandbeft fort of watermen, being houlholders, and occupying as watermen upon the faid river between Gravef-endouad Windfor: (2) which election (hall be yearly at the firft court of aldermen to be holden within the faid city next after the firft day of March: ( 2) and the fame eight perfons fo elected ihall be named and called the overfeers and rulers of all the

Darner,

wherrimen and watermen that from and after the (aid firft day of March fhall ufe, occupy or exercife any rowing upon the faid river of Thames betwixt Gravejend arid Windfor aforefaid;

(4) which faid overfeers and rulers (haU keep and maintain good order and obedience amongft the faid Watermen, according to the true meaning of this prefent ad.

IV. And alfo be it further jenaded by the authority aforefaid^ Two water-That after thefeaft of Pentecoft next coming, no.perfpn nor per- men (hall not fons, where two watermen and not above the number of two	b“*

lhaJI row together in one boat or wheny, in any place or places Thmis^flow-betwixt Gravefindund Windfor aforefaid* (hall prefuxne to enter- cd by tbc

VoIm.VI.	Q	prife	overfeers, and

puniih offenders. * •

8a AnnoTecundo & tertio Philippi fc Marijb. c.i6. [1555.

two years hath prife to receive or take any perfon or perfons into his or their boat exercifed, Sec. or wherry, to the intent to carry or convey him or them therein, unlefs one of the fame two watermen have been for the moil

Eart exercifed and ufed in rowing upon the faid river of Thames, y the fpaceof two whole years before that time; andthataJfo one of the fame two watermen at leaft be duly admitted and allowed by the fame eight overfeers and rulers, or the mod part of them, oy writing under their known feal, to be a fufficient ,and able waterman; (2) upon pain that every perfon and perfons prefuming or offending contrary to the true meaning of this prefent aft, (hall by the faid eight overfeers or rulers be committed to prifon in one of the counters of the city of London* there to remain by the fpace of one month or left, as the offence (hall require.

Aallbea wa?	V. And **	enafted, That no perfon or perlbns

terman Sec." (ingle men, not keeping houlhold and not retained^ (hall *	' from and after the faid feaft of Pentecoft next coming, ufe or ex-

ercife to row between Gravefend and Wtn&for afordaid, unlcfe he or they be prentice or prentices, or in fervice retained with a mafter by the whole year at the leaft, upon pain of like impri-fonment.

Who (hall have VI. And alfo be it further enafted. That the lord mayor of authority to London, and the aldermen of the fame city, and the juftices of ~	peace	within the (hires nextadjoiningto the faid river of Thames,

every of them within their feveral jurifdiftions and authorities, ihall have full power and authority by virtue of this prefent aft, upon complaint made to them or any of them by the faid over-feers and rulers, or two of them, or themafter or matters of any fuch fervant^, not only to examine, hear and determine all complaints or offences to be done or committed by any fuch perfon or perfons that (hall offend contrary to the true meaning of this prefent aft, and to fet at large all and every fuch perfon and perfons as lhall fortune to be imprifoned by the faid overfeers and rulers according to this aft, if juft caufe (hall appear unto them fo to do ; but alfo by their good diferetions and wifdom to puniih, correft and reform the faid overfeers-and rulers, and every of them, that (hall unjuftly, or without good caufe or ground, puniih any perfon or perfons by colour of this prefent aft, or anything therein contained.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, from henceforth do or (hall make any wherry or boat, to the intent commonly to ufe rowing apd carrying people upon the faid river of Thames, which jfhafi not be xxij. foot and a half in length, and iv. foot and a half broad in thp midlhip, or which (hall not be fubftantially and well able and fufficient to cany two perfons on one fide tight, according totheold quantity, (cantling, tHicknefs of board, goodnefs and good proportion heretofore had and ufed ; that then the fame boat or boats fo being made contrary to the proportion and fort before expreffed, (hall be taken as forfeit, and (hall be forfeit* the one half thereof to the King and Queen’s

majefties

The length, breadth and goodnefs of boats.

i555#] Annb fecundo & tertio "PtiitiVPl 8c Mari as. c. 16.	83

taajefties, our faid fovcrcign lord and lady’s ufe, and to the ufe of the heirs and fucceffors of the Queen’s majefty, and the other half to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of the King and Queen’s majefties courts of record, by adion of detinue, bill, juaiht, information or otherwife; wherein no wager of law, effoin, ptotedion or injunction (hall be allowed for the defendant*	.

VIII.	And be it farther enabled. That if any perfon or per-The punift-fans which from and after the faid feaft fliall ufe and exercife ment of water-the Occupation of rowing betwixt Gravefend and tVindfor afore-

faid, which in the time of the execution of any commiflion oftheml”^es prefling that (hall be had for the fervice of the King and Queen’s the time of majefties, and the heirs and fucceflors of the Queen’s majefty, prefling, in their affairs, (hall willingly, voluntarily and obftinately withdraw, hide or cbnvey him or themfelves in the fame time of prefling, into fecret places and out-Comers, and after when fuch time of prefling is overpafled, (hall return and come again to the faid river of Thames, to row betwixt Gravefend and Windfor 8e* 4 & 5 Art. aforefaid, and that duly proved by two indifferent witneffes, be- c. 19 £** fore the laid lord mayor and court of aldermen or juftices °f	'

the peace, and two or the faid rulers 5 that then he or they	.

doing or offending (hall fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of two weeks, and be baniftied any more to row from thenceforth upon the faid river of Thames by the fpace of one whole year and day then next following.

IX.	And be it further enabled. That it fliall be lawful to the The overfeers faid eight^ rulers for time being, and their fucceflors from cofrc# time to time, to convent and call before them at feme convey

nient place by them to be appointed, all and every fuch perfon their names, and perfons, Which from and after the faid feaft of Pentecojl fliall occupy and ufe the faid trade and occupation of rowing betwixt Gravefend and iVindfor aforefaid, (2) and (hall entef and regifter the name and names of them and every of theity that (hall be by them allowed or admitted for watermen to row betwixt Gravijfend and Windfir aforefaid, in a book to be made for the feme intent and purpofe ; (3) and to take fuch further order and direction therein with every the faid parties, byjhe authority of this prefent aft, as it (hall feem meet and tiecellary f ' by the diferetion of the faid overfeers and rulers for the time being; (4) and alio that the faid overfeers and rulers fliall and may overfeer* fan by the authority of this ad overfee, ' view and furvey at all and view the boats every time and times hereafter, all manner of boats and wher- before they be rics that (hall from and after the (aid feaft be made, before thelattnc*l€^ laid boat or boats, wherry or wherries, be launched out of the yard or ground wherein tne fame boat or boats, wherry or wher-# ries (hall fortune to be made, in the faid river of Thames, to the intent that they and every of them may be made and prepared in fuch manner and form, and according to the goodnefs, proportion and quantity in this prefent ad before limited and ex-prefled.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That The penalty of

62	if

f«4 Anno feeundo & tcrtio Philippi Sc Marine, c. i6. f>555;

overleers re- if any perfon or perfons which at any time hereafter (hall be fufing their	elected or choferi to be a rider or overieer as before is exprefled.

Fug wgligent happen negligently, to life and exercife his or their room or therein* 5 place, or that will obftinately refufe to take upon him or them the room pr joorhs, place or places of any the faid overfeers or rulers,' that then all and every fuch offender or offenders fo offendirig (hall lofe and forfeit the fum of v. li. ‘of lawful mo*

. ney of England; the one half whereof (hall be to our faid fove-reign lord and lady the' King and Queen’s majdties ufe, and to r *	the ufe of the heirs and fucceflbrs of the Queen’s majefty, and

the other half to him or diem that will fuefor the fame m any i	of the King and Queen’s majefties courts of record, by action

of debt or by any other the ways or means above fpecified, wherein no wager of Taw, efToin, protection or injunction (hall lie admitted of allowed for the defendant or defendants* Aflefsment, XI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, what fares wa-'That the faid mayor and court of aldermen of the faid city of t^men fliall ' London for the time beings (hall from time to time at their dif-k^betweerT" cretions limit, fet and affefs the price or prices, and fums of Grawfend and money, that every perfon or perfons fo authorized to row as Windior. is aforefaid betwixt Gravejend and Windfor aforefaid,' (hall take 6 ILS.C. 7. for his or their labour or fare, from place to place particularly, betwixt Grove fend and Windfor aforefaid; (2) and the fame prices and afleflments fo be fet, (hall bring or caufe to be brought to the privy council of our fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen, to be viewed, and feen by lome of the faid privy council ; and after that, th6 (aid afleflments and prices (hall'be figned and fubicribed with the hands of two of the faid. privy council at the lealf; (3) and the faid mayor and court'of aider-men for the time being (hall caufe the faid prices and afleflments: to be written and fet up in tables in the Guild-f^atl in the city of “Londofiy Wejlminjler-Hall and elfewhere, 'where the faid mayor „	^	and court of aldermen (hall think convenient: (4.) and every

perfon imd perfons that (hall take for his or their fare or labour above’the'prices that (hall be aflefled,, viewed, written and fet up hi form aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence forty (hillings, atidalfo (hall fuffer imprifoiiment by one half year: fa) The <me moiety of the faid forfeiture to be to the King and* Queen’s majefties, their heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety* thereof to him or them that will fue for the fame in any the Kingand Queen’s majefties courts of record, by altion of debt, or by aiiy other the ways Or means above fpecified, wherein no V wager or law, eflbin, protection orinjun&ion (hall be admitted or allowed for the defendant or defendants*

The fervaots XII/And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, of weftern	That no perfon or perfons occupying or ufing any weftern barge,

j*'eta,I^.t2tkc or receive into nis or their fervice, any (ingle f. s. Per^on not keeping houfe or houfliold, but only fuch as mall be 5	’	retained withhlm or them by the whole year, and no hoylholder

but fuch as He or they will or (hall anfwer for, for his or their goodiehaviour, (z) upon pain of forfeiture for every fuch offence*

Xl/s*

1555-1 'Am»lecu&b^	c.	17,18. 85

xl. s. the one rt\oiety thereof to be to the King and Queen's ma- . jefties, her heirs kria fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of the King and Queen's courts of record, by adtion of debt, or by any otHfer the ways or means above fpecified, wherein no wager of law, efloin, protedtion orinjundtion (hall be admitted or allowed for the defendant or defendants, i Jach. c. 16.	14	Jae.	1.

o 32.. 11 & \%W. 3. c. 21. 4	5	Anna*	c.	13. 2 Geo. a.:

/. 26. * io Geo. 2. c. 3.1.	■	’	,

* *	CAP.	XVII.	.	’	'	.

The benefit of clergy {ball be taken from Bennet Smith, for being accef-fory to the murder of Giles Rufford .before the murder committed, and for procuring of the fame, 4& 5 P. &M.c. 4,

CAP; XVIII.

An act touching commiflionyaf tbe-peace and of gaol-delivery* in towny corporate not being counties.

WHERE the King and Queen’s mojl.excelfent Highnefs,. and their noble progenitors. Kings of this realm, have heretofore granted their feveral commiffions directed as well unto the mayors, recorders and other grave men, and inhabitants of certain ancient and' famous cities and towns corporate within this realm of England, not being counties in themfehes, at alfo unto divers other worjhipful and learned men dwelling out of the fame cities and towns corporate, as Well for the 'leeping of theif peace, good ordering of their people, and%	*

executing of their laws and Jlatutes within the Jame cities and towns	•

corporate, as alfo far the delivery of their majeJHes prifoners re- . maining in the gaols there; ana after the granting of fuch com-mijjions their Majefties have granted divers other like commiffions unto certain worjhipful and learned men of the jhires, lathes, rapes, ridings and wapentakes of this realm of England* for the confer-vatton of their peace, and alfo delivering of their prifoners remaining* in their goals within the fame Jhires, lathes, rapes, ridings andv

Sentdkes; (2) which commiffions fa bearing a later day, have been' perfedeas and clear difcharge unto all andfmgular the faidformer commiffions granted unto the faid cities and towns corporate, not being * counties in themfelves ; (3) Jo that the faidmayorand other grave and chief eft officers of every fuch city and town corporate, have been charged to fue far the renewing agttin of fuch commiffions, bothfor * the peace and gqpl-delivety, to. the great expenses, softs and charges. of the faid mayorfani other the inhabitants of fuch cities and towns corporate, and io* the great protracting and delay ofjujlice therein in the mean timet far rformation whereof\ and for the better advance*( memofJufticein\thepremffieyyf \\.'	\	'	1	\

II. Be it therefore,enadted by the King and Qpeeirs foajeffies, ^ commiflion the lords foiritual and. temporal* 'aha;'the commons, in this of the peace prefent parliament aflembled, ^abytfie authority of the fame, and gaol-That all *and Angular commiffion antfl commiffions, granted Aall or to be granted to any fuch CW hr toWn Corporate,, not beingIJ^cdeas to a as is aforefaid a county in it felf, for the keeping of their peacefcrmer like

G 3	and

granted to a city or town corporate.

4. Inft. 169.

commifljon	and delivery of their prifoners remaining in the gaols of any 'fuch

city or town corporate, hot being a county in it felf, (hallftand, remain, and be good and available and effectual in the law, to all intents, conftruftions and purpofes, the granting of any like commiflion of peace, or gaol-delivery to any commilfioner or commiflioners for the comervation of tne peace, or delivery of the prifoners remaining in the gaol of any (Jure, lathe, rape, riding or wapentake, within this realm of fingland, bearing date after the faid commiflion or commiflions granted as is aforefaid, to any fuch city or .town corporate, not being, as is aforefoid, a .county in it (elf, to the contrary notwith-

CAP. XIX.

revivor of the ftatute of si H. 8. c. 11. touching powedike in marih-land, which was repealed by the ftatute of* M. fiat. i.

The deea^ the revenue*

CAP. XX.

For the duchy of Lancafter.

FOrafmuch os the King and Queen our Sovereign lord and lady

_______eonfidering and regarding the ejlatt of tot duchy of Lancafter,

of the dijjkhy being one of the mofl famous prineeheft ana ftateUefl pieces cf our faid of Lancflter. foyereign lady the Queen's ancient inheritance, do perceive and con-J	ftder, that the poffejfibns and yearly revenues of the faid duchy are and

. f	have been of late greatly dimmjbed, as well by reafm of fundry

I ?fts>

grants and fales made by the late Kings of famous memory, f ' Henry the Eighth and Edward the Sixth, late Kings of England, * father, and brother to our faid fovereign lady the Queen’s highnefs, as alfo by reafon of fundry exchanges nusde with divers of their loving of fundry manors, lands, tenements, pojfeffsons and here-

juifefts, v „ ---------------------------    .	-------------

ditaments, lately belonging to the fame duchy, aid the manors, lands, tenements, ptjmms and hereditaments, being received and taken in recompenee of the faid exchanges, be not annexed to the find duchy , but bun in toe order, furvey and governance of other courts and places fib by their HigbneJJes taken and received in exchange :

II.	And forafhmb ayo as their Majejlies do mind and intend to preferve, advance, maintain and continue the ancient and honourable eftate of the faid duchy; our faid fovereign lord and ladv therefore be pleafed and contented, that it be enadted, ordained and eftablilhed by their Majefties, with, the aflents of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all honours, cattles, lordfliips, manors, lands, tenements, pofief-lions and hereditaments within this realm of England, which at any time fince the xxviii. day of January in the firft year of the reign of our (aid late fovereign lord King’Edward the Sixth, were parcel of the poflelfions of uie faid duchy of Lancafter, or which were united aiid annexed to the (cud duchy by authority of parliament, letters patents or otherwife, and which at any time fince the faid xxviij. day of January have been given, granted, alienated, bargained, fold, exchanged, or otherwife

fevered

1555.] Anno fecundo &tertio Philippi & Marias, c.20.	87

fevered from the faid duchy by our laid late fovereign lord King s ' Edward the Sixth, or by our faid fovereign lady the Queen that now is, or by our fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen’s majefties that now be, to or with any perfon or per-fons, and which Aid honours, caftles, lordfmps, manors. Duchy lands lands, tenements and hereditaments, fince fuch gifts, grants, fevered from alienations, bargains, fales, exchanges or feverance thereof fo	fj^wnce

made as is aforefaid, been comen or returned again to the reunited, (hall hands of our Aid late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, be again’par. or to the hands of our faid fovereign lady the Queen, or to the cel of the hands of our faid fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen, du^y* or to the hands of her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, in 37	‘c’1 ‘

pofleflion, reverfion, remainder or otherwife, and which now be or remain in the hands of our Aid fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen’s majefties, of any eftate of inheritance,

(hall from the time the fame came and reverted again to the hands of our faid late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, or to the.hands of our faid fovereign lady the Quern, or to the hands of our Aid fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen, by authority and force of this ad, be united and annexed for ever unto the Aid duchy of Lancajier, and fhall be adjudged* deemed and taken for ever, for and as parcels and members of the faid duchy of Lancajitr: (2) and that all fuch and thofe of the Aid manors,. lands, tenements and hereditaments, which be lying within the county palatine of Lancafler, fhall be of the Arne nature, quality, kind and condition, to all : intents, conftrudions and purpofes, as others the ancient pof-feflions of the Aid- duchy, lying and being within the Aid * county -palatine of Lancojkr, be and bught to be; (3) and all thofe .and fuch of the faid manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, which be lying out of die faid county palatine of Lantafler, fhall be of the fame nature, quality, kind and condition, to all intents, conftrudtions and purpofes, as other ancient pofleflions of the Aid duchy, lying and being out of the county palatine of Laniafler, be and ought to be; (4) and (hall be in the letting, fetting, order, rule, furvey, receipt and governance of the chancellor, counfel and officers of the Aid duchy of Lantafler for the time being for evermore, in like and the lame manner and form, to all intents 2nd purpofes, as. others die faid undent pofleflions belonging to the faid duchy been, have been, or ought, to be.

III.	And that all the laid honours, caftles, lordfhips, manors. The new inlands, tenements and hereditaments, united and annexed to nexed land* the Aid duchy of Lantafler, by authority and force of this a&, and all and Angular gifts, giants, leafes, letters patents and duchv, writings thereof, or of any parcel thereof, hereafter to be made and with the by the King and Queen’s liighneft, or by the heirs or fuc- fame cere-ceflors of her Majefty, fhall for evermore pafs and be. made	-	•

under fuch of the feats of the fiud duchy, as other the ancient pofleflions of the find duchy have tried to paA and be made,	-	*

and not. under any. qthcr feat or otherwife, and with the like ,	G 4	‘	and

88 Anno fecundo & tcrtio Philippi & Maria, c.ad [1555.

and the fame livery of feifin, attornment, ceremonies, orders and circumftances in the law, and in the fame manner and form, as other the ancient pofieflions of the faid duchy, and the letters patents, charters and writings thereof heretofore of ancient time made, have ufed and ought to be made and palled, and not otherwife, nor in any other manner and form; any law, eftatute, ufage or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

Other lands IV. And be it further enacted, ordained and eftablilhed by an’ the authority aforefaid. That our faid fovereign lord and lady dwhy T* King and Queen that now be, and the heirs and fucceflbrs Lancafter. of her Majefty, may from time to time hereafter, at their liberties and pleafures, by their Grace’s letters patents, to be feal-ed with the great feat of England, unite, annex, limit, aflign and appoint any other their honours, caftles, lordlhips, manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, lying and being within this their faid realm of England, unto their faid duchy of Lon* tajler,' for the further augmentation, honour and eftate of the faid duchy at their wills and pleafures,

V.	And that all and every fuch annexing, limiting, aflign? ment and appointment made or to be made by our laid fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen, or by the heirs or . fuccenors of our faid fovereign lady the Queen, of any their honours, caftles, lordlhips, manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, unto the faid duchy of Lancafter^ by any their faid letters patents under the great leal of England, fhall be as good and available, as if it ww done by authority of parliament.

. Lands to be VI. And that all fuch honours, caftles, lordlhips, manors, annexed lying lands, tenements and hereditaments, lying and bring within countVpa-	fcid	county	palatine	of Lancafter, which lhall happen to be

• ’ united and annexed to the faid duchy by force of any fuch letters patents, lhall from the 'tefte of the faid letters patents be within the order, furvey, rule, governance, jurifdidtion, letting, and fetting of the faid'duchy of Lancafter for the time being, as other the pofleflions of the faid duchy, lying and being within the faid county palatine of Lancafter, have ufed and ought to be.

Lands to be	VII. And that all other honours, caftles, lordlhips, manors,

annexed to the jan(jSj tenements and hereditaments, lying and being out of oat of theS	^ county palatine of Lancaftery	which fhall happen to

empty pa- be united and annexed to the faid duchy by force of any fuch latine of J*an- letters patents, lhall be from* the tefie ox the faid letters patents^ pfctf within the order, furvey, rule, governance, jurifdi&ion, letting and fetting of the laid duchy pf Lancafter, as others the pouefftens of the faid duchy of Lancafter, lying and being out of the faid county palatine of Lancafter, have ufed and ought to A faying of be; (2) faving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies polish right of tick and corporate, to their heirs, fucceflors andafiigns, and ette*- to the heirs, fucceflbrs and affigns of every of them,* all fudf

right, tit)e? mter^ft, entries, conditions! occupations, poflefr

r-

it

1555*1 ArinoTecundo Se-ftriio PitfLlPPi &.MARI.®* C.20,21. 89

fion, leafe and leafes, fees, annuities, offices, rents, fervices, commons, profits, commodities, eafements, aftions, fuits, demands thing and things whatfoever, which they or any of them. fhould, might or ought to have' had, into or out of any of the premifles, before the making of this aft, in like and in the fame manner, form and condition, to all intents, conftruftions and purpofes, as if this aft had never been had or made; any thing in this aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

, VIII. Provided always, and be. it enafted by the authorityCertain lands aforeiaid, That this aft, or any thing or things therein con- excepted tained (hall not in any wife extend to enable or give any fiber- are tyto our faid fovereign lord and lady the King and Queen,^.*!K5L nor to the heirs and fucceflors of our. faid fovereign lady the of Lancaftcr. Queen, to unite and annex to the laid duchy of Ltmcafter, by their letters patents, any honours, cattles, lordfhips, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, being any part or parcel of the antient inheritance of the crown, or or the principality of JVales., or of the duchy of GtrmvaU, or of the earldom of defter, or any their honours, cattles, lordfhips, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, fet, lying or being .within the counties pf Cbefter and Flint or either of them; nor to give, annex or affign to the laid duchy of Ltmcafter, any honours, cattles, lordfhips, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, exceeding and amouifting in die whole above the yearly value of two thoufand pounds; any cjaufe, article or thing in this aft rehearfed, contained or Ipecified to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. .

IX.	Provided always, and be it pnafted by the authority.7^,/ toftfiOm aforeiaid. That the farms, rents, fuits and fervices of fuch and ismtiftm tit as many of the. faid manors; lands, tenements and heredita- ^ ments mentioned in this aft, belonging to the duchy of Lan-> tafter and county palatine of fymetyler or to either of them, mail be anfwered and paid in the court of the duchy chamber at Weftminfter, or to the receivers general and ether minifters of the fame court, in Ilk? manner and form as heretofore have been ufed and accuftomed; (2) and that all leafes hereafter to be made ef any the fame manors, lands, tenements pr hereditaments belonging to the faid duchy fhalt be made under the feal of the duchy of Lancajler, |n like manner and form as heretofore have been ufed ; this aft or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-* withstanding.

CAP. XXI..

The flatutes made Anno »* H: 8. c. 7. 23 It. %. c. 3	24	H.	8.	c.	9*

28 H. 8. c. 6, 8* 9/ 31 Hi 8. c. 7.. 3^ H. 8.'c. 17. *. 37 H. 8. c. 23* a & 3 Ed, c. 9. 3 & 4$d. 6, o* 19 8c%\. « & 6. Ed. 6, c. 14. 7 Ed, 6? . c. n. iM. fed. 2, c. 12 & 13. < 8c a pi 8c M* p. 3, revived, ajad n*ade

CAP*

CAP. XXII.

A confirmation of a fubfidy of fix killings in the pound, granted by thc clergy to the King and Qgeen, to be paid, in three years. EXP.

CAP.xxra.

A confirmation of a fubfidy granted to the King and Queen by the temporally. EXP.

Anno quarto 6? quinto Philippi & Manse.

ACTS made at a parliament begun and holdtn at Weftminfter the one and twentieth day of January in the fourth and fifth year of the reign of our favereign lord cn<* lady Philip and Mary, by the grace of God, King and Qlteen of England, Spain, France, both the Sicilies, Jerusalem and Ireland, defenders of the faith; princes of Spun and Sidly; archdukes of Auftria; dukes of Milain, Burgundy and Brabant-, counties of Hafpurg, Flanders and Tyroll: And there continued and kept until the feventh day of March then next following, were enacted as followed.

CAP. I.

An a£t for confirmation of letters patents. Confirmation of alt letters patents. See. made by the King ana Queen, or by the Queen, fince the yth of July, s M. or to be made feven years after, Ac. other perions rights laved. Defeats in the letters patents faved. * Patents of offices. Twenty years purchafe (hall be paid by the patentee for the overplus of lands fold by the King and Queen. Exception of leafes made whereupon the old rent is not referved ; patents of lands concealed. Letters patents made to^the matter of the Savoy. A confirmation of the af-furance of the manor of Southwell. Confirmation of letters patents ' by feveral ilatutes, viz. 34. & 35 H. 2. c. 21. 18 El. c. a. 4.3 El.c. 1.

cap. n.

So much of every ftatute heretofore made as doth concern only the finding - or keepingof horfe or armour, and every penalty and forfeiture touching \ only the fame, (hall be repealed. What number, rate and proportion v of horfes, armour and weapons, each perfon is bound and chargeable to keep in any refpett. Or for any Caufe. Repealed by x Jac, 1. c. »5* 1.47.

CAP. III.

An act for the taking of mujlers.

The penalty "XX7HERE heretofore commandment hath been given by the King for a loklier W and Spueerts maje/lies, and other the progenitors of the departing	Queen’s majefty,	Kings of this realm,' to divers andfundry perfons,

fit>® .h**..	to mufier their Majefties people andfubjetts of their realm a/^Engfand,

out hi" 1U* " and to jevy a number of them for the fervue of their Majefties, and ceuce, and	if

1

*557*3 Anno quarto &quinto Philippi & Marine, c.%. 91

of this realm, in their wars, fuch as were mojl able and liheliefl to for not ap-jerve weU in the fame: (2) which fervice hath been greatly hindered, pea^lgal, as weU for that a great number hath abfented them from the jaid severa?caufes muflers, which ought to havteome to the fame, as alfo for that many ofhinderanpe off the. mojl able and. likely men for that fervice have been through of due ferving friendjhip or rewards releafed, forborn and difcharged of the faidia wan fervice ; (3) and forne other not being able or meet,. taken, appointed and chofen thereunto, and yet the fame difability and unaptnefs not~ withjlanding, the. fame uttable. and unmeet perfons, upon Jams of money, or other had of rewards or exaffions by them paid to fome Jitcb as had the order of the. fend muflers, have been alfo releafed and difeharged of the Jdia fervice, to the great impoverijhment of the Jubjefls, and chiefy to the great peril and danger of this noble realm, in the hindrance of the true andneceffary fervice thereof: .

II.	For remedy whereof, be it enaAed by the.King and Queen our fovereign lord and lady, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembLed, and by the authority of„ the fame, That if any perfon or perfons, that fhall be commanded at any time hereafter generally or fpecially to mufter afore any fuch as fhall have any authority or commandment for .the fame, by or from the King and Queen’s majefties, or by the heirs or fiiccefiors of the Queen’s , majefty, or by any lieutenant, warden,, or other, perfon or perfons authorized for the fame, do willingly abfent him or themfelves from the fame muflers, having- no true and reafpnable ex?ufe officknefs or other lawful impediment j or at their appearance at fuch muflers, do not bring . with them fuch their belt furniture, or array and armour, as he or. they: fhall then have for his or their own perfon in readi-nefs:-fhall for every-fuch default and offence havf and fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of ten days, without bml or-main* prife, by the commandment of fuch as fhall have authority, as is aforefoid, to take the fame muflers; unlefs he or they fo offending, as is aforefaid, do agree to or with the faid com-raillioners or two of them, to pay to the ufe of the King and Queen our fovereign lord ana. lady, or of the heirs or fuc-ceflors of the fame our fovereign lady, for every fuch offence, forty (hillings for a fine;. (2) which faid fine, after agreement for the payment of the fome, as is aforefoid, (ball he certified and eftreated info the court of foe Exchequer at Weftmmfter, by	,

fuch as fhall have power fo .take foe faid muflers, as is afore-faid, or by two of them, under their .foals, or the feals of two of them, within foe fpace of two months next after fuch agreement to pay the faid fine had or made, and foe fame fine fo eftreated, to be levied in fuch form as fines jaflefied by. the juftices of affile, or of gaol-delivery in their circuits are ufod to . be levied. ...	.

111,.	And be it further. enaAed by the authority aforefoid, The penalty That if any perion or perfons whh&'^any fime or times here- oi *uller' after .foiall be commanded iyappqfofod, Jpy the King and Queen our fovereign lord and lady, or by the heirs and fucceffors of char2e them>

foe

94 Anno quarto & quinto Philippi & Mari-®. c. j. [1557#

the fame out fovereign lady, by their commHfion, letters or* otherwife authorized to levy, mufter, or make any men to ferve in their wars, or otherwife for the defence of this realm, *

'•	do by any mean, exalt, levy, receive or take, or caufe to be*

taken, any fum or fums of money, or other reward or thing whatfotver, of any perfon or perlons, for fervice in the wars, -or that (hall be appointed; named, or muftered to ferve in any fuch fervice, or for the fparing, releafing, or difeharging of-fuch perfon or perfons from the (aid fervice, that then every fuch perfon that fo (hall offend in exalting, receiving,' or taking by'any ways or means, any fum or fqm$ of money, or other reward, or thing whatsoever, as is aforefaid, (hall (or fuch offence forfeit ten times fo much as he (hall fo receive, -exalt or take.

The penalty ; IV. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid,. of a captain That if any captain, petty captain or other, having charge of ‘ fddiewmcn ^35r fcrv^ce *n war, (hall for any advantage, lucre or depart, or not gain by him to be taken or received, difeharge or licence any paying hit	Of the foldiers, or men appointed to ferve in the wars under

wages.	his . rule or order, to depart from the fame fervice, or (hall

not pay unto his< foldiers, and to every of them, their full and Whole wages, conduit and coat money, within ten days next after that fuch captain, jpetty captain, or other having'charge/ of men, as is aforefaid, (hall have received the fame; that then the party fo offending in giving fcny fuch licence ot difeharge, an is aforefaid, (hall lofe and forfeit for every fuch offence ten times the Value of the thing fo taken or received, and (hall alfo' jfey to every foldier from whom he (hall lb withhold any of the (aid wages, conduit or coat money, treble the fum fo with-Who (hall	holden; (}) the one moiety of all which forfeitures, other

have the for-	than fuch as before by this aft is limited or given to the foldier

feiture.	of foldiers, as is aforefaid, for their wages coat* of conduit

money withdrawn, (hall be to the King4 and the Queen’s majemes, and the heirs add fuccefiors of the Queen’s majefty, add other the moiety thereof to him or theta that will fue for the fame by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, information of other-wife, in any court of record; in which aftion or fuit, noefloin, proteftion or wager of law (hall be allowed.

* V. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, * That all juftices of affifes in their circuits, and all juftices of * peace within the limits of their comfoiffion.in their afiifes and leffidns, and ftewards of lefts, law-days and liberties, at their leets and lawdays, (hall and may from time to time enquire, hear and determine every of the faid offences committed or done con- ‘ trary to this aft, within the preemfts of their commiffion, leet or liberty : (*) and if any perfon or perfons 4hall be, before the • faid juftices of afiife, juftices of peace, or any of t^em, pre-‘ fonted or indifted of ariy the offences aforefaid, that then the, faid juftices* of affifes, or juftices of pe&ebefore whom fuefi itfdiftmem or prefentment (hah be taken or had, (hall and may ...	by

1557*3 Anpo quarto & quintoPa&WPl & Marub, c.3.	93

by the authority of this aft award fuch process againft every fuch perfon or perfons fo indifted, as upon iiuUftmenta of trefpals is ufed and accuftomed to be made: (3) and if any fuch perfon or perfons fo indifted dp appear before the faidf juftices, and confeis the fame, or plead to the fame indift-ments, and after by verdift of twelve,men lhall be of any of the faid offences contained in fuch indiftmerit or indi&menttf Convifted, that then the faid juftices before whom any fuch fconviftion (hall be To had, (hall and may award fuch perfon or perfons (o convifted unto prifon, there to remain without bail or mainprife, until fuch time as he or they have paid or Satisfied the moiety of the forfeiture aforefaid, unto the King	^

and Queen’s’maj eft ies ufe, arid the other moiety thereof unto	*	J

him or them that fhall come before the faid juftices, and give evidence againft the party to be qoqvifted at the time of the faid conviftion, and by whofe evidence he fhall be of the faid offence convifted : (4) and if any fuch conviftion fhall be had Without any evidence openly given by any perfon or perfons, that then the party convifted, as aforefaid, (hall remain in pri(5n, as is aforefaid, until he have fatisfied the whole forfeiture to the King and Queen’s majefties ufe.	..

' VI. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- offences conU thority aforefaid. That if any the offences aforefaid touching mitted during captains, petty captains or other having charge of men, (hall Jhc .tirac °f be committed during the time that any army or number of men fcrvice* being under a lieutenant,' (hall be aflembled and continue together, or by any captain, petty captain or other having ‘ charge of men, that (hall ferve under any lord warden or other chieftain, that then upon complaint thereof the lord lieutenant, or the lord warden, or other chieftain, during the time of any his or their commiffiori, (hall and may hear, order, and determine the fame offences, by his or their difcretions.

VII.	Provided always,. That this aft, nor any thing therein $^5^ jn contained, (hall not in any wife extend to take away or dif- refpcft of charge any tenant or farmer of his fervice or covenant toward tenure qf his lord, for the finding of horfe, armour or weapon, or for land# doing of fervice by himfelf, or by any other, whiph by tenure

of his land otherwife is bounden to do before the making of this aft; but that he (hall yield, do, and pay the fame in. as ample maimer and form as though this aft haa never been had or made.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the au- He that is thority aforefaid. That if any fuch captain, petty' captain or oace convifted other having charge of men, as is aforefaid, (hall be at any not b* , time hereafter convifted, or ordered by virtue of this aft, for againtr0U.Wcd* any of his offences aforefaid, that then the fame captain, pettv

captain or other, having charge of men, as is aforefaia, fo convifted, (hall not otherwife or eftfoons be vexed; troubled^ convifted or fued, for the fame offence, whereof he (hall be fo before convifted or ordered. .

IX. Ani

94 Anno quarto ft quinto Philippi & Makije. c.$„ [i 557,

A revivor of IX. And where one branch or article contained in the Jlatute made * & EdC6°* *n fmn^an^ third year of the reign of the hte King Edward *#	'	* the Sixth, intituled, An aft touching the true fervice of captains and

foldiers, whereby the departure of any foldier, feroing’ as in the jaid all is exprejfedy without licence of the lieutenant or other officer or officers named in the faid all, or in their alfenct9 of their deputies, was made felony, is of no forceyJlreftgth, ne effetlj at this prefent, by reqfon of the alt of repeal of certain treafonsy felonies and praemunire, made in the firjlfeffions of the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the firjl year of the Queen's majefifs reign: (2) Be it for good x M. feft 1. reafonable considerations enaded and established by the au-c. 1/	*	thority of this prefent parliament. That the faid branch or ar-

ticle, and every Sentence and matter therein contained, be from henceforth wholly revived anjl recontinued, and be and remain in full Strength and effed, to all intents, conftrudions and pur-pofes, the laid ad of repeal notwithstanding: (3) And that all and every other article, claufe, provifo and matter contained in the fame ad, (hall Stand, remain and be in their full force, eflfed and (trength; any thing in* this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding, a & 3 Ed. 6. X. And yet neverthelefs where in the faid all it is provided, c*.».	That no perfon or perfons Jhould be charged for the taking or receiving

:	of any gift or reward of any of his or their tenants or friends to-

wards the relief aid or help of the fame perfons being commanded to ferve in warsy or otherwife to find men on horfeback or on foot, with-What relief oftn this realm or without; (2) nor for the gifty rtwbrdy aid, or help friends or te- refervedy or covenanted to be paid or given to any perfon appointed to nants may be ferve jn war5y or to find horfe or men to fervey by reafoti of any fervi^in'war. Sran^ covenant y refervationy cufiom or tenure; any thing in the faid alt to the contrary notwithfianding, as by the faid all and provifo more plainly it doth and may appear: (3) Be it ehadted by the authority of this prefent parliament, That no perfon or perfons Shall or may by colour of the faid provifo, or of any Words or .	matter therein contained, exad or demand, or levy afty fum or

fums of money, horfe, armour or any other thing, other than Shall be imployed forthwith in the’ prefent fervice of thole wars, of the King and Queen’s majesties, her heirs or fucceilbrs, for which it is levied: the which fum or fums of money, horfe, armour or other thing, or as much thereof as fhall not be Spent, loft or confumed in the faid fervice, Shall be rendred and restored to fuch perfon or perfons as paid- or delivered the fame, upon the penalties and forfeitures contained in the Said ad.

XI.	Provided always. That no perfon or perfons inhabiting cities bo^ m w^hinany city, borough or town corporate, being a county of roughs or itfelf, or m which any justices of peace he or hereafter mall towns corpo- be by charterj Shall be compellable by virtue of this ad to Shall be make his or their appearance with fuen furniture as is afore-wit^the°n y ^aK** at any mu^er hereafter to be had or taken out of the fub-fame.n urbs, precmd or liberties of the fame city, borough or town, nor before any perfon or perfons authorifed by commiflion or

otherwife.

1557*3 Anno'quarto04,5*	95

otherwife, as is aforefaid, unlcfa the mayor, or other head officer of fuch city, borough or town, and one other difcreet inhabitant of the fame at the lead, be joined in the fame Commiffton or other authority, as is aforefaid, with the fame perfon or per-fons fo authorifed, any thing before mentioned to the„ contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IV#

An a£l that accejfaries iff murder and divers felonies Jhall not have the benefit of clergy.

FOR the due punijbment of fuch as command, counfel or hire ^cce^tryc$ ^ any perfon or perfons to commits perpetrate or do any petty petty treafon, treafon, wilful murder, or any of the offences in this prefent a£l felony, mar-mentioned: (2) Be it enabled by the authority of this prefent der, foaU not parliament. That all and every perfon and perfons, that after thcir the firft day of March next coming (hall malicioufly command, hire or counfel any perfon or perfons to commit or do any petty c. 17. treafon. Wilful murder, or to do any robbery in any dwelling- Savil 46. houfe or houfes, or to commit or do any robbery in or near any ^ycr' l83» highway in the realm of England, or in any other tjje Queens jf qq ^ dominions,, or to commit or do any robbery in any place within the marches of England againft Scotland, or willfully to burn any dwellirig-houfe or any part thereof, or any barA then har ving corn or grain in the fame; that then every fuch offender or offenders, and every of them -being outlawed thereof or being thereof arraigned and found, guilty by the order of the law, or being’otherwife lawfully attainted or convicted of the fame offence > or being arraigns thereof do ftand. mute of malice or froward mind, or do challenge peremptory above the number of twenty perfons, of will not anfwer diredly to fuch offence, fhall not have the benefit of his or their clergy.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted. That every lord and Trial of a lord lords of the parliament, and peer and peers of the realm, ha- h^peer** ving place and voice in the parliament upon every indictment for any of the offences aforefaid, fhall be tried by their peers, as hath been accuftomed by the laws of this realm..

w

p* p V	aSi re•

. \* xl r. y .	pealed as to the

An alt tombing the making of woolen-clothes.	V

HERE in tbs parliament bolden at Weftminfter in the*iEl.c.io.r9. fifth andfixth year ofthe reign ofowktefovereignhrd King Edward the Sixth there was, by great deliberation and advice, one jn good alt made for the true and ptrfell making cfwoolen cloth with* lengttf, in this realm', (a) fitbence the making whereof, 'divers clothiers breadth, and found themfehes agrieved, alledging, That it is impoffible for them to obferve the fame alt in all points, and have in this prefent parliament ders	'

prayed fome mitigation thereof: It is therefore at tneir fpecialin- (hall be pa-ftance and rcqueft ordered, eftabliflied, enabled and provided, nilhed. in manner ana form following:	5	&	<	Ed.	6.

II. Imprimis, That every white cloth and clothes commonly c' *

called

lifted whites not to weigh left than (e-.Ventyfive pounds,

*Coarfe fhort doth-

.96	Aiuu> quarto & quinto PHfLlFPl & Mari.#, C.5. [1557*

Long Wotcef- called long JVqrcefters> and all like clothes of like making me»-ters, broad tioned in the Cud aft, which by the fame was limited to weigh eighty-four pounds, being well fcoured* thicked, milled and fuft^ dried, (hall weigh ihre&fcpre fcnd fifteen pounds at the

- E1 v 111. Item, Every white cloth tvhich (hall be: made in the White dothes counties °f Wiltjbire, Gloucefter and §omerfet, or any of them, of Gloucefter, or elfewhereof like making, being appointed by the faid aft to Wiltflure, So-, weigh fixty-four pounds, ihall weigh, being well fcOurerf, thick-merfet. ed, milled and fully dried, fixty-one pounds at the leaft.

The weight of IV. Item, Every broad-clotn made in the (hires of Kent mA broad clothes. Sujfex, or arthe town of Reading,- or any of them, t>r elfewhere Mxplained by of like making, mentioned in the faid aft, which by the fame j Jac. 1. c. *. was ]imited to weigh xc. pounds at the leaft, fliall weigh, being ’	well fcoured, thicked, milled and full dried, lxxxvi.1. at the

leaft.

V.	Iteniy That every coarfe (hort cloth made in the (hires of Suffolk, Norfolk and Effex, or any of them, or elfewhere oflike fort; and every coarfe cloth to be made within the (hire of Kent9 not exceeding the price of vi. 1. all which by the faid aft are appointed to contain feven quarters of a yard at the leaft in breadth, (hall contain and be at the water, being thorow wet, fix quarters aitd a half within the lift thorow and by all the whole cloth at the leaft'

VI.	Iteniy Every yard of cloth commonly called handywarp, being well fcoured, thicked, milled and fully dried, (hall contain the breadth fpecified in the faid aft, and (hall weigh two pounds and a half at the leaft.

VII.	And forafmueh as many perfons do counterfeit the making of

Cockfal, Booking and Braintree cbthes,comrhonly called handywarps, adding thereunto Juch like lifts as the milkers of fuch clothes do, to the great deceit of the King and $faeen's majefties fubjefts: (2) Beit therefore enafted. That no perfon or perfons from the firft day of May next coming (hall add unto any cloth or clothes any fuch like lift or lifts, except the warp thereof be fpun upon the rock or diftaff, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame cloth or clothes, or the very value thereof: (3) Provided always, That the cloth-makers within the city of fVorcefier may make Juch lifts as they have done heretofore. .	.

VIII.	Item, That no perfon or perfons inhabiting within the weft-riding in the county of York (hall make or caufe to be made any broad-cloth or clothes called pewkes, tawnies, violets or greens, except the wool thereof before it be converted into yam be firft dyed, fitted and coloured with the colour blue, or the value of ij. d. a pound, upon pain of forfeiture of every fuch coloured cloth, or the value thereof, whereof the wool (hall not be firft dyed, fitted and coloured with the colour blue, of ij. d. a pound, as is aforefaid.

IX.	Item, That every ordinary kerfie mentioned in the faid aft (hall contain in length in the water betwixt xvi. and xvii. yards, yard and inch; and being well fcoured, thicked, milted,

drefled

Handywarp. Altered as to tie weight by 43 Eh c. ip. f. 5.

Lifts of handywarps.

Broad cloth made in the Weft-riding in Yorkflrire.

Ordinary

kerfie.

t5&1'] Anno quarto & quihto Philippi & Mari.®. c.5.	97

drefled and fully dried, fhall weigh nineteen pounds the piece at Sorting kerfie. the leaft: (2) And every kerfie Called Sorting kerfie, mentioned c’ in the faid ad, being wdl fcoured, thicked, milled, drefled and 3 J fully dried, ready to be (hewed, (hall weigh xxii pound at the leaft.

X.	And that every Detionjblre kerfie, called Doflbn, the which Devonfhire is appointed by the fame ftatute to weigh, being dry, xiv. kerfie. pdundfc at the lead, (hall weigh, being well fcoured, thicked,

hiilled ahd fully dried, after the rate of every yard one pound at the lead.

XI.	Item. .That one article mentioned in the faid ftatute welch linings* concerning Welch cottons, touching the length and weight, 5 & 6 Ed. 6. (hall be clearly void ; (2) and every gode 0/ Welth lining mallc** contain and be three quarters of a yard in breadth in the water, and fhall weigh one pound and a half quarter; (3) and

evdry yard of cotton being fully wrought and cottoned (hall Weigh one pound at the leaft.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That no perfon or perfons None that buy which (hall hpy to fell again by way of retail, or otherwife, any to fell again

or caufe to bc^ work any

oufeor houfes<'^‘chJin,nS-* 8 El. C. 7.

Of the faid Welch linings, (hall drefs or work, drefled or wrought within his or their dwelling-h< or in any other pface, by himfelf or his fervant or (ervants, any of the faid Welch linings, but fl^all put the fame to feme fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be of the art or fcience of (heermen, eottoners or frifers, to be by them wrought find drefled, upon pain 6f forfeiture for every Welch cotton or lining frifed or cottoned to the contrary, vj. s. viij. d.

XIII.	Item, That all and every cotton or cottons called Man* Cotton, rugs ihejlery Lancajhire and Chejb'tre cottohs, and all cloths calledand Manchejler rugs, or Manchejler frifes, may be divided into two ™yed

half pieces, and (hall contain and be after the rate of fuch pieces, breadth and weight as in the ffiid ad is limited and appointed to be a whole piece of every the feveral pieces of cottons find rugs aforefaid ; any thing in the ffiid former ftatute to the con-trary in any wife notwithstanding.

XIV.	And if any cloth or kerfie of the feveral kinds of mak- Forfeiture for ings mentioned ill the faid former ad, or this ftatute, do ex-defaults >n ceed the feveral lengths mentioned in the feme, that then every

yard fo exceeding (hall weigh after fu<Jh rate as every yard of m*a fuch cloth or kerfies containing the faid feveral lengths (hall or ought to weigh, upon pain of forfeiture for every yard not weighing after fuen rate, v. s.

XV.	And if any fuch cloth or kerfies (hall lack of fuch weight as by the faid ftatute or this ad it ought and is appointed to have, then the maker thereof, or other perfon in whofe hands or pofleflion the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit for every pound lacking above iv. 1. v. s. and alfo for every pound exceeding, not above iv. 1. ij. $. in manner and form as in the faid former ad is appointed..

XVI.	Item% One article mentioned in the faid ftatute, where- The aulne-in the aulneger is prohibited to fet his feal to any cloth or kerfie ger's real.

VouVI.	H	which	J	*	6	Ed*

C. 6.

How faulty cloth (hall be ui'ed.

98 Anno quarto & quinto Philippi & Mari.®, c.5. {1557.

which fhall prove purfy, bandy, fqually, in or by warp or woof, or elfe (hall happen to be evil burled or wafted in the mill, or otherwife to be full of holes, mill-bracks, or to be holdy, (hall be void and of none effe&.

XVII.	Item, It is enadcd, That if at any time after the firft day of May, any cloth or kerfie, through the default or negligence of the carders, fpinners or weavers, or any of them, (hall or do prove purfy, cockly, bandy, fqually or rowy by warp or woof, or elfe (hall happen to be evil burled, or waited in the mill, or elfe through the default or negligence of the mill- man, or otherwife, to be full of holes, mill-bracks, or to be holely, that then the maker of every fuch cloth or kerfie fo being defective or faulty as is aforefaid, (hall fix unto every end of the faid cloth or kerfie fo being defective and faulty, and offered to be fold, one feal of ledd, in the which feal (hall be ingraved this word (faulty) upon pain of forfeiture of fuch cloth or kerfie, or the value thereof, fo offered to be fold, whereunto fuch feal (hall not be fet.

XVIII Item, The article mentioned in the faid former a<ft, of returning of defective clothes, kerfies, frifes or cottons, being tranfported over the feas by the merchants, (hall be utterly void, fhall be recom- (2) But neverthelefs, be if enacted by the authority aforefaid, a That if it (hall fortune hereafter any merchant or merchants to tranfport any cloth or clothes, kerfies, frifes or cottons, whereunto the feal with this word (faulty) was not annexed at the time of the fale thereof by the clothier, and the fame clothes, kerfies, frifes or cottons, fo tranfported, or any of them, to be found faulty or defective, and the fame merchant or merchants thereof, within two years after fuch fale, to bring a certificate fealed with the feal of any town or company in the parts beyond tlie feas, or-figned by a notary there after the accuftomed manner, teftifying and declaring thereby the lofs and damage which the merchants (hall have fuftained by fuch defective and faulty cloth or clothes fo tranfported j (3) that then the clothier or clothiers, or other perfon of whom the cloth or clothes was bought, their executors or adminiftrators, (hall within fix weeks next after requeft made by the faid merchant, his executors, adminiftrators or afligns, well and truly fatisfy, content and pay to ’ fuch merchant, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, all and every fuch fum and fums of money, as (hall be mentioned, ex-prefled and declared in the faid certificate ; (4) upon pain of forfeiture to the party grieved for every non-payment upon fuch requeft, double the value of fuch fum or fums mentioned in the (aid certificate.

XIX.	Provided always. That fuch merchant (hall not. in any whfreunto the w^e have, by virtue of this a<5t, any recompence for lack of feal of a city, length, breadth or weight, of or for any cloth whereunto the &c. fhall be af- feal of any city, borough or town corporate (hall be fixed.

XX.	Item, If any perfon (hall by nimfelf, or by any other

in^fettingto, P^011 by him procured, counterfeit, fet to, or take away from ortaking a- * any cloth, kerfie, frife, rug or cotton, any feal appointed to be —-of any	* ;	fixed

No defective cloth (hall be returned, but the merchant

certificate brought. Repealed by 4% £1. c. 10. f 9. touching thefe certificates.

1557.] Anno quarto & quinto ?hilippi & M4RLS. C.5.	99

fixed to any dotfi, kerfie, frife, rug or cotton, either by this ad, or by the laid former eftatute, that then every fuch perfon fo offending %all incur and have like penalties, forfeitures and

(mnifhments, as ip the faid former ad is appointed and limited or'the like offence.

XXI.	And for tfie better execution as well of this prelent TJj? f®*J."‘*** ad as of the faid former eftatute, and to the intent that all kind of kerfies, cottons, frifes, rugs and other woollen cloth made, in any toyra, fhall be better known; (2) it is further enaded,*

That the Tea) of every borough or town corporate, appointed Or to be appointed for the fealing of any fuch kind of cloth, fhall be fixed to all and every fuch kind of cloth being well and fub-ftantially made within fuch city, borough or town corporate:

(3)	Winch cloth fb fealed with the leal of any city, borough or town corporate, fhall not be fearched, tried or viewed by any 'fearcher or fealer of any other city, borough or town corporate, fay virtue of his faid office; any thing m this ad, or in the laid former eftatute to the contrary notwithftandihg.

XXII.	Item, Be it further enaded dv the authority afbrefaid. Clothes made That every perfon and perfons not dwelling and irihabitihgout town* within any city, borough or corporate town, and making any of the domes or kerfies aforefaid, may lawfully bring the fame the next town to the next city, borough or town corporate, where any fuch corporate, &c. kind of clothes or kerfies be or fhall be commonly made, there to be fealed in manner and form as is before exprefled.

XXIII.	Item, If any fearcher or fealer, appointed or to be The forfeiture apppinted by virtue of this prefentad or of the faid former	fe*)er,

ftatute, fhall fet the leal of any city, borough of town corpo- tod^h wam-rate to any doth which fhall not contain fuch length, weight length, and breadth, as in the faid former ftatute or in this prefent ad is appointed, that then the mayor and commonalty or bailiff arid cotqoaonalty, or other corporation of the townmip, by what-foever name or names it or they fhall be incorporate, where fuch cloth, kerfie, frife, cotton or rugj (hall be fo fealed, fhall forfeit and lofe the whole value of the doth fo fealed.

XXIV.	It is alfo enaded by the authority of this prelent The fearchers parliament. That the faid fearcners or fealers and every one of	„

them fhall have full power and authority by virtue of this ad, ”^ in the day-time to enter into all and every houfe and houfes of houfe to every perfon of perfons where he or they fhall think meet, to fearch.' fearch and to tty all and every kind of dothes, kerfies, frifes and rugs, as they fhall find defedive either in length, breadth, or weight, and the .fame to try by water and weight$ (2) and alfo to fearch and feize as forfeit all and every doth and dothes made of other colours than in the faid former ad is appointed; friers gray, crane colour, purple and old medley colours, moft commonly ufed to be made before twenty years laft paft, only excepted.

XXV.	And if any manner of* perfon or perfons at any time The penalty after the firft day of May next coming lhall deny, withftand or fordenyingof with-hold any cloth or dothes, kernes, frifes, rugs, or any	or	-

H2	of	*’

100 Anno <jliaito & qtiirifo PttiLiPPt St MariM. c.5. [1557.

of them, from the faid fealers or fearchers or any of them, or will not fuffer them to enter into their (hops, warehoufes, houfes or places where their clothes, keriies, frifes, or rugs (hall be, the fame to be fearched and tried as is aforefaid, that then every fuch perfon or perfons fo denying or withftanding, for every fuch withftanding* with-holding or denial, to forfeit and lofe ten pounds.

No fearcbing XXVI. Be it likewife further enabled. That it (hall not be in common lawful for any of the faid fearchers or fealers or any other per-vnarkets or	f0n, to fearch any manner of woollen cloth or kerfie whcre-

*****	unto the feal of a city, borough or town-corporate (hall be

fixed, within the common cloth-market erf London, commonly called Blackwell-tiall\ or in any common cloth fair, or cloth-market of any other city, borough or town corporate, in and during the time of the fair or market; any ad or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

A confirms-	XXVII. Be it further enaded, That all and every article,

tion of the fta- daufe and fentence in the faid former ftatute made in the fifth td* ^ 5 £ * *ad fixth years of the reign of our faid late fovereigri lord King ’ *c’ * Edward the Sixth, being not repugnant or qpntrary to any article, elaufe or fentence contained in this prefent ad, (hall ftand ~ in. full force and effed.

Penalties in XX VIII. Provided always, That no perfon or perfons (hall incur the danger, penalty or forfeiture limited and appointed a er latms. for m offence in the faio former ad, the which is already jni-tigatea or otherwife appointed by this prefent ad.

. F . , XXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

.	That every clothier (hall caufe every cloth which he (hall put to

M.	fale from and after the feaft of the nativity of St. John Bapti/l

next coming; to be marked with the letter M crowned, wrought in the cloth, upon pain to forfeit xx. s. for every cloth being , fold of put to (ale by any fuch clothier after the laid feaft, not marked with the faia letter M, as* is aforefaid.

No coloured XXX. And moreover, be it enaded by the authority afore-cloth toatt be faid. That no perfon or perfons after the faid feaft of the nati-r pur to frfebut v*lty ^ St. John Baptijl (hall fell or put to fale within the realm ^ named? m England, any coloured cloth of any other colour or colours ' Repealed by than are hereafter mentioned, that is to fay, fcarlet, red, crim-*1 Jac. i.c.28. fon, morrey, violet, pewke, brown, blue, black, green, yellow, **•	blue, orange, tawney, ruflet, marble grey, fad new colour,

. azure, watchet, (heeps colour, lion colour, motly, iron grey, friers grey, crane colour, purple, and old medley colour, moft , commonly ufed to be made above and before twenty years laft paft.

XXXI. Item, Whereat divers ancient cities, boroughs and towns corporate within this realm of England, have been in times paft well and fubfiantially inhabited, occupied, maintained and upholder as wellbyrcafon of making of broad woollen clothes and kerfies, as alfo by divers ether artificers inhabiting then in the faid towns, at which time alfo the villages and bufband towns flourijhed, and hujbandry and tillage was well maintained, to the great benefit of the realm and all

5	the

1557-3 Anrio quarto & quinto Philippi & Marije. C. $\	10*

the people therein: (2) Forafmuch as divers yearspafi* fuch perfons as do uje the feat or myfiery of cloth-making* not contented to live as artificers* am with the trade wherein they have been brought up* do daily plant tbemfehes in villages and towns* being no cities* boroughs nor'corporate towns* and there occupying the feat and place of a huf-bondman* do not pnly engrofs divers farms and pqftures into their hands* difpleaftng the hufbandman* and decoying the ploughs and til* lages* but alio draw with them oui of the cities* boroughs and towns corporate* allforts of artificers* whereby not only divers ancient cities% boroughs and towns corporate are utterly decayed* defrayed and depor pulated* but alfo hujbandry and tillages very much decayed* to the great hurl* damage and prejudice of this realm and the people there* in* if fpeedy remedy be hot forefeen: (3) And forafmuch alfo as the weavers and workmen of clothiers when they have been trained up in the trade of cloth-making and weaving three or four years* do for fake their mqfters* and do become clothiers and occupiers for themfelves* without Rock* JkiU or knowledge* to the great fiander of the true cloth-malting* befides a great number of inconveniendes which do grow to the commonwealth of this realm thereby* as daily expert-ence teacheth :

XXXII. Be it therefore ordained and enacted by the authori- ^one jhaU ty of this prefent parliament, That from and after the firlt daV make doth to of May next coming no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall uie but in a or exercife the feat or myftery of making, weaving or rowing alS ^erelt pf woolen cloths long or (hort, or kernes, pinnetLwhites or hath been ufed plain ftreits, to the intent to put the fame to fale, but only in to be made, a market-town where .cloth hath commonly been ufed to be 8. c. 18.. made by the fpace of ten years laft paft, or in a city, borough or c town corporate, upon pain of forfeiture for every fuch woolen Repealed ty doth or kerliemade, woven or rowed, out of fuch city, bo- *1 Jac.i.c. 28. rough, town corporate or market town, v.l.	f.	n.

v XXXIII. And it is further enacted. That from and after the Who only firft day of May PQ perfon whatfoever (hall weave or make, or “ay weave put to weaving or making, any woollen clothes or kedies la^ S'?t0 ** rehearfed, to be fold, unlefs fuch perfon (hall have been apprentice to the occupation of making, weaving and rowing of . cloth or kprfies, or havebeen exercised.therein by the fpace bjf (even years before, upon pain of forfeiture of fuch cloth or the value thereof.

XXXIV,	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Who (hall faid. That all and every pains, penalties and forfeitures to be the for* due by force of this ftatttte, or of the faid former a<5t, being fe*turc5, not otherwife appointed, (hall be divided equally into two

parts, whereof the one (hajl be to .the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other unto him that will feife ^in cafes where feifure is limited or appointed) orelfe to him or them that will fue for the fame pains, penalties and forfeitures, pr any of them, by action, bill, plaint, information or; otherwife, in any court of record, wherein UP effoin, protection, wager of law or injunction (hall be admitted, allowed or obeyed,

XXXV.	provided always, That it (hall be lawful to any

H 3	perfon

Who may make cloth out of a market town. Extended to Backings &rv in EJfex. i EL c. 14*

io2 Anri'o quartb ic quiritopHiriPPl& Marine, c.6, 7. £1557.

perfon now ufirig or exercifing the feat or diyftery of making, weaving or rowing of cloth or ktffies, to inhabit and dwell where he.now doth, and there to ufe th'e making, weaving or rowing of cloth or kerfie, as he hath done heretofore; any thing in this ad to. the contrary notwithftanding.

. XXXVl. Provided always. That it (hall be lawful to all and every .perfon or perfons which now do, or hereafter (hall inhabit or dwell in any of the (hire& of North Peaks,'or South Wales, Chejhire, Lancajbire, fffejlmorland, Cumberland, Northumberland, bilhoprick of Durham, Cornwall, Suffolk, Kent, the town of Goddelmine in the county of Surrey otiorkjbire, being n6t within twelve miles of the city of Tori, or in any the towns or villages near adjoining the water ofStroud in the bounty of Gloutejler, where clothes have been ufually made by •the fpace of twenty years laft paft, and having been prentice to the occupation of cloth ihaking, or exercifed m the feme by the fpace of feven years, to fet up, ufe ahd exercife the feat or myfteryof making, weaving or rowing of cloth odt of a city, borough or market-town, as heretofore they might have done; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

Ufinfc the nuu XXXVII. Provided alfo. That it (hall be lawful to any per-fpn now ufing or exercifing, or that hath ufed or exercifed the the ftatutet °* ^eat or tnyftery of doth-making, the feme to continue, ufe and exerdfe, although he hath not been thereuntd apprentice, or have exercifed the fame by the (pace of feven years; any thing In this h<ft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and belt alfo further ena&ed by the authority afarefaid. That it (hall be lawful to. every perfon and perfons to fe)l and putto fate by retail or otherwife, all and every 'fuch coloured cloth and clothes as he or they now have, as freely as he 6r they may lawfully fell any clothes of the colours in this prefent a& allowed to be fold, until the feaft of St. Michael tlje archangel next enftung; this 6rthe feid former ftatute in any wife notwithftanding.

The coloured clothes which any perfon {tad at the time of this ftatute might be fold.

CAP, VI, .

Every perfon bom under the dominion of the French King* not being denizen (other than fuch a* the King end Qgeen will licence to remain) fhall depart this realm, and not return during the wars between the French King and the King and queen. *Th$ King and Queen during the Queen’slife, may upon any mildemeanor proved, repeal by proclamation any letters patents made to any Frenchmen to be free denizens lithence anno H[. 8, and then the Qjieen fhall have the faid denizens land during his life, but his heir fhallenjoy it after his death* EXP.

CAP. VII.	j

An ail t» tfsake up the jury with circtlmflantibus, where the \ King and Qjtsfrfr Majefty is a party.

WHERE in the parliament holden at ‘W'eftminfter the four-, ieehth day of jariu'aiy fnthe thirty-fifth year of the reign of ihe mJT'noble and victorious prince King Henry the Eighth, late \ ^ramSawti °f EpS^^> ^mong blher things, it Was’enabled dnd ejfablijbed,

1557.] Anno quarto & quinto Philippi & Marine. c.7.	163

for the fpeedy trial of iffues joined between party and party, in any of ^ ^all be the King's courts of record holden at Weftminfter, to be tried by the	jjj011

verdift of twelve men, before the juftices of ajftfe or Nifi Prius; commen-(2) that in every writ of Habeas Corpora, or Di firings s with a ced upon any Nifi Prius delivered of record to the ]heriff9 or other minifter or penal ftatutes. miniflers to whom the mating of the return Jhall appertain, where a 35	*•

full jury Jball not appear before the juftices of ajftfe or Nifi Prius, or elfe where after appearance of a full jury9 by challenge of any of the parties, the jury is like to remain untaken for default of the jurors9 that then the jame juftices upon requeft made by the parties plaintiff or demandants Jball have authority, by virtue of the faid aft9 to command the Jheriffy or other minifter or miniflers to whom the mating rf the faid return Jball appertain, to name and appoint, as often as need Jhall reauire9 fo many of fuch other able perfons of the faid county 9 then prefent at the faid ajjifes or Nifi Prius, as Jhall make up a full jury $ which perfons Jo to be named and impanelled by fuch » Jheriff9 or other minifer or mintfters9 Jhall be added to the former panel9 and 'their names annexed to the fame9 as by the faid aft more at large appeareth: (3) Which Jlatute was made to endure till the end of the next parliament and after was and is from time to time continued9 and doth now remain9 ftand9 and be in effeft; (4) which aft doth not extend to any jury impanelled to try an iffue joined between the King and the party, or between fuch as purfue any matter for the King and themfelves:

II.	Be it therefore enaded, ordained and eftabliftied by the King and Queen’s majefties, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of June next coming the juftices of ajftfe and Nifi Prius9 before. whom any trial mall be made by virtue of any writ of Habeas Corpora or Diftringas9 with a Nifi Prius9 where a full jury (hall not appear, or after appearance of a full jury, by challenge the jury is like to remain untaken for default of jurors,

(hall have authority by virtue of this ad, upon requeft made for the King and Queen, her heirs or fuccefiors, by any au-thorifed thereunto, or afligned by the juftices of the court before whom the faid inqueft (hall be taken, or upon requeft to be made by the party that followeth as well for the King and Queen, her heirs and fuccefiors, as for himfelf, upon any per nai ftatute, or his or their attorney, to command the iheri(F, or other minifter or minifters to wnom the making of the faid return (hall appertain, to name and appoint, as often as need fhall require, fo many of7 fuch other able perfons of the faid county, then prefent at the faid ajjifes or Nifi rrius9 and to add and annex the names to the former pannel, as (hall make up a full juiy of twelve men, for the trial of every fuch ifiue:

III.	And that all and every claufe, fentence, article and pro-vifo, comprifed in the faid former ad, (hall be taken, interpreted and expounded, to give the like and the fame advantage and commodity to the King and Queen’s majefties, her heirs and fuccefiors, and all fuch perfon and perfons as (hall purfue any

,	H	4	adion.

<104 Anno quarto & qiiinto Philippi & Marije. e. 8. [1557.

adion, plaint, bill or information for the King and Queen’s majefties, her heirs and fuccefjfors only, c?r for them and the

S, as the party plaintiff ip any other adiop fhould or t have by virtue of the fapie ait, in fuch form and condition to all intents and pUrpofes, as if fuch actions or fults for the King had been fpeciajly and particularly meptiqnpd and de? dared in the faid ad.

CAP. Villi

fin afr for the punijhrnent of fuch as {hall take away maidens that be inheritors, being within the age of fixtem years, or that marry them without confent of their parents.

Puniflinjentof HERE maidens and women, children of noblemen, gentler fuch as take V V men and others,■ as well fuch as be betp apparent io their away maidens, anceftors, as others, having left unto them by their father, or other teen^years of oncefior and friends, lands, tenements and'hereditaments, or other age, &c.	great fubf antes in goods and chattels moveable, for and to the intent

to advance them in marriage, fomewbat lipe according to their degrees and as might be mofl for their furety and comfort, as well for themfelyes as of dll other their friends and kinsfolks, be oftentimes unawares to their faid friends or kinsfolks, byflattery, trifling gifts and fair promifes, of many unthrifty and light perfonages, and thereto by the intreaty of perfons of lewd demeanour, and others that for rewards buy and fill the faid maidens and children, fecretly allured and won to contract matrimony with the faid unthrifty and light perfon-ages, and thereupon either with fleigpt or force oftentimes be taken and conveyed away from their faid parents, friends or kinsfolks, tq the high difpleajure of Almighty God, difparagement of the Jaid chilr dren, ana the extteam continual heavinefs of all their friends: Which ungodly dealing, for lack of wholfome laws to the redrefs thereof temainetb a great, familiat and common mifchief in this our commonwealth.	;

II. For reipedy whereof, be it en*ded by the King and Queen’s majeflies, the lords Spiritual and temporal, and the commons, of this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall not be lawful to any per-% Mod, 16S, fon or perfons to take or cpnvey away, or caufe to be taken op conveyed away, any maid or woman child uqmgfried, being $ Mod, i4f •	under the age of fixteen years, out of or frojn the poffeffion,

cuftody or governance, and againfl the will of the father of fuch maid or woman child, dr of fuph perfon pr perfons to whom the father of fuch maid or wom^n phijd, by his Jafl will and teftament, or by any other ad in his life-time, hath or ifhajl appoint, aflign, bequeath, give or grant the order, peeping, education or governance of fuch maid or woman ehijcj, except fuch taking apd conveying away as fh^H be bad, made or dpne, by or for fuch perfon or perfons, a$ without fraud or covin be or then fhall be the mailer or miflrefs of fuch tpaid or woman child, or the guardian in focage, qv tbe guardiap iri chivalry, of or to fuch maid or woman child. pl> And be it further enaded by the authority afprpfaicj,

....................'	"	Tbtt

15f 7.3 Anno quarto & qjjinto Philippi & MaRI.®. C.?;	10$

That if any perfon pr perfons above the age of xiv. years, (ball The penalty from and after the firfi, day of April next coming unlawfully take forcing * pr convey or caufe to be taken or conveyed, any maid or wo-man child unmarried, beipg yrithin the age of xvi. years, out age. ^ of or from the poffeflion and againft the will of the father or mother of fuch child, or ppt of or frpm the pofleflion and a-gainft the wil) of fuch perfop or perfons as thep (hall happen to Have, by any Jawfpl ways or jpeans, the order, keeping,

.education or governance pf $ny jfuch maiden pr woman child; that then every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully attainted or convicted by the order apd due courfeof the laws of this realm (other thap fuch of whom fuch perfon token away (hall hold any lands ortengmepts by knights fervice) 1 Mad# **8' (hall have and fuffer imprifonment of his pr their bodies, by the fpace of two whole years, without hail or mainprife, or elle (hall pay fuch fine for his or their £ud offence, as (nail be aflef-fed by me council of the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs pr fup-ceflors, in the ftar-chapiber at Wejlminfter.

IV* And be it further epadted by the authority aforefaid, The penalty That if any perfon or perfons, after the faid day, mall fo take for taking a-juyay, or caufe to be taken away as. is aforefaid, anddeflower y^ytdellowerf any fuch maid or woman child ?s is aforefaid, pr (hall agaioft traftingma-thc will, or unknowing of or to the father pf any fuch trimony with paid or woman child, if the father be in life, or againft the * woman un-wjll or unknowing of the mother of any fuch maid or wq- d*r *vi‘ Y**** man phild, (having the cuftody or governance of fuch child, ifot the father ho dead) by fecret letters, meflages, or qtberwUp pontradt matrimony with any fuch maiden or woman child, except fuch contracts of matrimony as (hall be made by theconfent of fuch perfon or perfons, as by the title of wardlhip (hall then have or be intituled to have the marriage of fuch maid or woman child that then every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, , being thereof lawfully convidted, as is aforefaid, (hall fufter imprifonment of his or their bodies, by the fpace pf five years, without bail or tpaipprife, or elfe (half pay fuch fine for pis or their faid offence, as (hall be affeffed by tne (aid council in the faid ftar-chamber; (2) the one moiety of all which forfeitures and fines (hall be to the King and Queen’s majefties, her heirs and fucceflbrs, the other moiety to the parties grieved.

V.	And be it further enadtedby the faid authority. That the Whomayhesr King and Queen’s highnefs honourable council of the ftar- ^d^termiae chamber, by bill of complaint of information, and juftices of ^ercfaUdT* aflife by inepifition or indidtment, (hall have authority by virtue of this adt to hear and determine the faid offences ; (2)

upon every which indidtment and inquifitions, fuch procefs (hall be awarded and lie, as upon ap ipdidtment of trefpafs at the common law.	Th. f

VI.	And Anther bp it epadted by the authority aforefaid, tureofawo-• That if any woman child or maiden, being above the age of man confent-

twelve years, and under the age of fixteen years, do at any ing to an m> time copfent or agree to fuch perfpn that (9 (hjdl fn^kf any con- con’

3 Mod. S4n

io6 Anno quarto & quinto Philippi & Marl*.	[i	557.

Orders for or* phans.

trad off matrimony, contrary to the form and effoA of this fta-tute, that then the next of the kin of the fame woman child or maid, to whom the inheritance (hould defcend, return or come, after the deceafe of the fame woman child and maid, (hall from the time of fuch aflent and agreement have, hold and enjoy all fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, as the fame woman child and maiden had in pofleffion, reverfion or remainder, at the time of fuch eonfent and agreement, during I the life of fuch perfon that lhall fo contract matrimony: (2} And after the deceafe of fuch perfon fo contraAing matrimony, | that then the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments, (hall de.	,

feend, revert, remain, and come to fuch perfon or perfons as j they (hould have done in cafe this aA had never been had ne made, other than to him only that fo (hall contra A matrimony.

VII.	Provided always, and be‘it enaAed, That this aA, nor anv thing therein contained, (hall extend to take away or dimi-niui any liberty, cuftom or authority, touching or concerning any orpnan or orphans, which now be or hereafter (hall be ; within the city of London, or any other city, borough or | town, where orphans are commonly ufed to be provided for, either by grant or by cuftom, but that the lord mayor of the faid city of London, and the aldermen of the fame for the time being, and all and every' other head officer or officers of any other city, borough or town, where fuch orphans be provided for, (hall and may have and take like rule* order, keeping and charge of fuch* orphan and orphans and of all their lands, tenements, goods and chattels, as heretofore they or any of them lawfully had or ufed, or lawfully might have had and uied, if this had not been made.

CAP, IX,

The ftatutespmde am00 uE S».c 7. anno 23 H. f. c. 3 & 17. anno 94 H.

1 c. 9. anno %% H. 8. c.6, $,	31ft.	8.	c.	7.	anno	35 H. 8. c. 17.

anno 37. H. 8. c. 23. anno 1 & 3 Ed. 6. c. 0. anno 3 £4 Ed. 6. c. 19,

Be 21. anno 5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. 14. anno 7 Ed. 6. c. 11. anno 1 Ma. feff.

2. c. >» Sc 13. anno t Sc 2 Ph. Sc Ma. c. 3 & iG. anno 2 Sc $ Ph. &Ma. c. %, 3, Audi be revived, and made to continue until the laft day of the ( neat farhanunt*

CAP. X.

A confirmation of a fiibfidy of eight (hillings in the pound, granted by the clergy to the King ana Queen, to be paid in four years.

C A P. XL

An aft of afubfidy and one fifteen, granted by the temporality. EXP.

Anno

1558.] Anrio prime Elizabeth.®. c. i.	tof

Anlio primo Reginas ELIZA B ETHt^E.

At the parliament begun at Weftminfter the xxv. *in#.*. day of January, in the firft year of the reign of our fovereigh Lady Elizabeth, by the Grace of parliament God, of England, France and Ireland, Qyeen, ““w!*** *e defender of the faith, See.	^0°^*hraw

bolden, kept and continued until the dijfolution of it the fame, being the eight day of May then nexttb,rd' enfuing, nvere enabled as followeth.

CAP. I.

An a£t (o refiore to the crown the ancient jurifMSHon ovet

the ejtdte ecclejiaftical and Jpiritual, and abolifliing dll fo-	'

reign powers repugnant to the fame.

MOST hum® M^hymr moft excellent Majefty, your faithful Allancientju< ana obedient fubjefts, the lordsJpirttual and temporal, and riffliftifen re-. the commons, in this your prefeni 'parliament affeihbled, That where ih ftored to the time of the reign of your moft dear father, of worthy memory. King crown. Henry the Eighth*, divers good laws and fiatutes were made and efla-blijhed, as well for the utter extinguifbment and putting away of aS ufurped and foreign powers add authorities out of this your realm, and other your Htghnefs dominions and countries, as alfi for the reftoring and uniting to the imperial crown of this realm, we ancient jurif-diftions, authorities, fuperiorities and pre-eminences to the fame of right belonging or appertaining, by reafon whereof we yottr tnofl ♦ bumble and obedient fubjefts, frotn the xxv. year of the reign of your A repeal of di-faid dear father, were continualty kept in good ordeY, and were dif- vers statutes, burdened of divers great and intolerable charges and exaftiohs before othersjajnd^ all that time unlawfully taken and exaftedbyfitch foreign power anaad- foreign power thority as before that was ttfuffed, until fuch time as all the faid good abolkhed. laws andfiatutes by one att of parliament made in the firjl and fecond1 & 2 Ph,& years of the reigns of the late King Philip and §>ueen Mary, your c’ 8’

Highnefs ftjler, intituled an aft repealing all fiatutes, articles andpro-vifions made agninfi the fee apoflolkk ofRome fince the twentieth year of King Henry the Eighth, and alfo for the ejlablijhment of all jpiritual and ecclefiajlical poffefjions and hereditaments conveyed to the laity, were allclearly repealed and made void, as by the fame aft of repeal more at large doth and may appear > by reafon of which aft 1of repeal, yotlr faii humble fubjefts were eftfoons brought under an , ufurped foreign power and authority, and do yet 'remain in that bondage, to the intolerable charges of your loving fubjefts, if Jome redrefs (by the authority of this your high court of parliament, with *• fhe qffent of pour Highnefs) be not had and provided:	Hct*IX1*

II May it therefore pleafe your Highnefe, for the repreffing

of

io8

A Ttpt*\ of

the ftat. of i &aPM*W. c. $.

A revivor of the ftatutes hereafter fpe-cified, viz. Z3H. S. c. 9.

f4H. 8. c. ia.

*5 p. 1 c. so. not printed m the former editions.

15E 8. c. 19.

95 H. X. c. 20*

9# h c. si.

*6, H.8. c. 14*

MP- 8f p. *6,

The fentences and branches' in the afore-faid ftatutes fhall extend to the Queen.

Anno prime Elizabethan c.x.	[1558.	j

of the fiud ufurped foreign power* and the reftoring of the rites, jurifididtiops and prehejpinences appertaining to the imperial crown of this your realm, that it may be enadted by authority of this prefent parliament. That the faid adt made in the faid firft and fecond years of the reigns of the faid late King Philip and Queen Mary, and air and every branches, clauses and articles therein contained (other thanfuch branches, claufes and fentenqes, as hereafter (hall be excepted) may from the laft day of this feffion of parliament, by authority of this prefent parliament, be repealed, and (hall from thenceforth be utterly void and of none effedt:

III.	And that alfo for the reviving of divers of the (aid good laws apd ftatytes made in the time of your faid dear father, it may alfo pleafe your Highnefs, That one adt and ftatute made in the xxiij. year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An adt, That no perfon (hall be cited out of the diocefs wherein he or (he dwelleth, except in certain cafes.

IV.	And one other adt made in the xxiv. year of the reign of the fiud late King, intituled. An adt, That appeals in fuch cafes as hath been ufed to be purfued to the fee of Rome, (hall not be from henceforth had ne ufed, but within this realm :

V.	And one other adt made the xxv. year of the faid late King, concerning reftraint of payment of annates and firft-fruits of | archbilhopricks and biftiopricks to the fee of Rome;

VI.	And one other adt in the faid xxv, year, intituled. An adt concerning the fubmiflion of the clergy, to the King’s xpajefty:

VII.	And alfo one adt made in the faid xxv. year, intituled,

An adt reftraining the payment of annates or grit-fruits to the biihop of Rome, and of the eledting and confecratipg pf arch*-biihops and bifhops within this realm:

VIII.	And one other adt made in the faid xxv. year, intituled.

An adt concerning the exoneration of the King’s fubjedts from exadtions apd impoiitions heretofore paid to the fee of Rome, and for having licences and difpenfations within this realm, without fuing further for the fame:

IX.	And one other adt made in the xxvi. year of the faid late King, intituled. An adt for nomination and confecration of fuf-fragans within this realm:

A. And alfo one other adt made in the xxviij. year of the reign of the faid late King, intituled. An adt for the releafe of fuch as have obtained pretended licences and difpenfations from the fee of Rome; (2) and all and every branches, words and fentences in the faid feveral adts and ftatutes contained, by the authority of this prefent parliament, from and at all times after the laft day of this feffion of parliament, (hall be revived, and (haS (land and be in full force and ftrength, to all intents, conftruo tions and purpofes: (3) And that the branches, fentences and words of the feveral adts, and every of them, from thenceforth (hall and may be judged,deemed and taken to extend to your {figbnffs, yojiif l>eirs an4 foepeflprs, as folly ar*4 largely as ever

1558.] Anno primo Elizabethan c.i.	lb$

the fame ads, or any of them, did extend to the laid late £ing Henry the Eighth, your highnefs father.

XI.	And that it may aUb pleafe your Highnefs, that it may 3a H. 8. e. jf. be enaded by the authority of this pfefent parliament. That f6

much of one ad or ftatute made in the xxxij. year of the reign of your laid dear father King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An ad concerning precontrads of marriages, and touching degrees of confanguinity, as in the time of the late King Edward die * & 3 EdL & Sixth, your Highnefs molt dear brother, by one other ad or c* **• ftatute, was not repealed;

XII.	And alfo one ad made in the xxxvij. year of the reign 37 H. 8. of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An'ad that dodors of the civil law, being married, may exercife ecciefiafti-

cal jurifdidion; (2) and all and every branches and articles’in the faid two ads laft mentioned, ana not repealed in the time of the faid late King Edward the Sixth, may from henceforth likewife Hand and be revived, and remain in their full force and ttrength, to all intents and purpofes; anything contained in the faid ad or repeal before mentioned, or any other matter or caufe to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And that it may alfo pleafe your Highnefs, that it may What ftatutes further be enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all other ^clftatuteof laws and ftatutes, and the branches and daufes of any ad or i&*ph.&MU ftatute, repealed and made void by the laid ad of repeal, made c. s. (hail con-in the time of the faid late King Philip and queen Mary, and

not in this prefent ad fpetially mentioned and revived, (hall P****** ftand, remain, and be repealed and void, in fuch like manner and form as they were before the making of this ad 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And that it may alfo pleafe your Highnefs, that it may A revivor of

be enaded by the authority aforefaia, That one ad and ftatute the ftatute made in the firft year of the reign of the late King Edward the 1	u

Sixth, your majefty’s moft dear brother, intituled, An ad againft

fuch perfons as (hall unreverently fpeak againft the facrament of the body and blood of Chrift, commonly called the Sacra- ' ment of the Altar, and for the receiving tnereof under both kinds, and all and every branches, claufes and fentences therein contained, (hall and may likewife from the laft day of this feffion of parliament be revived, and from thenceforth (hall and may ftand, remain and be in full force, ftrength and effed, to all intents, conftrudions and purpofes, in fuch like manner and form as the fame was at any time in the firft year of the reign of the faid late King Edward the Sixth; any law, ftatute, or other matter to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XV.	And that alfo it may pleafe your Highnefs, that it may A repeal of be further eftabliflied and enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That one ad and ftatute made in the firft and fecond years of c. <5. the faid late King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled. An ad 5’r.’ s. fot. a, for the reviving of three ftatutes made for the punilhment of c. 5. herefies ; and sufo the faid three ftatutes mentioned in the faid1 c- lSi ad, and by the fame ad revived, (2) and all and every branches, * “• * c#

articles.

no

The abolishing of .foreign authority.

Co. pla. fol.

4*5>4 *7-

Ecclefiaftical jurifdi&ion annexed to the crown, i Leonard 176.

The Queen may afflgn commiflumers to exercife ecclefiaftical jurifdiftion. Repealed 16 Car. 1. c. it. f.3.

Anno primo Elizabeth^. £.r.	[1558.

articles, claufes and fentences contained in the /aid feveral ads and Statutes, and every of them, (hall be from the laft day of this feflion of parliament deemed and remain utterly repealed, void and of none effed, to all intents and purpofes ; any thing in the faid feveraf ads, or any of them contained,* or any other paatter or caufe to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI.	And to the intent that all ufurped and foreign power and authority Spiritual and temporal, may for ever be clearly extinguished, and never to be uled or obeyed within this realm, or any other your Majesty’s dominions or countries; (2} may it pleafe your Highnefs that it may be further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no foreign prince, perfon, prelate, date or potentate fpiritual or temporal. Shall at any time after the laft day of this feflion of parliament ufe, enjoy or exercife any manner of power, jurildidion, fuperiority, authority, pre-hemincnce or privilege fpiritual or ecclefiaStical, within this realm* or within any other your Majesty's dominions or countries that now be, or hereafter Shall be, but from thenceforth .the Same Shall be clearly abolished out of this realm, and all other your Highnefs dominions for ever; any Statute, ordinance, custom, constitutions, or any other matter or caufe whatfo-ever to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding.

XVII.	And that alfo it may likewife pleafe your Highnefs, that it may be established and enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch jurifdidions, privileges, fuperiorities and pre-heminences fpiritual and ecclefiafticaCas by any fpiritual or ec- ^ defiaftical power or authority hath heretofore been, or may lawfully be exercifed or ufed for the visitation of the eccleSiaSlical Stale and perfons, and for reformation, order and corredion of the fame, and of all manner of errors, herefies, fchifms, abules, offences, contempts and enormities, Shall for ever by authority of this prefent parliament be united and annexed to the imperial crown of this realm.

XVIII.	And that your Highnefs, your heirs and fucceflors, Kings or Queens of this realm, Shall have full power and authority by virtue of this ad, by letters patents .under the great feal ot England, to aflign, name and authorize, when and as often as your Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflors Shall think meet and convenient, and for fuch and fo long time as Shall pleafe your Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflors, fuch perfon or perfons being natural-bom fubjeds to your Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflors, as your Majefty, your heirs or fucceSTors Shall think meet, to exercife, ufe, occupy and execute under your Highnefs, your heirs and fucceSTors, all manner of jurifdidions, privileges and prebeminences, in any wife touching or concerning any fpiritual or ecclefiaftical jurifdidion, within thefe your realms of England and Ireland^ or any other your Highnefs dominions and countries : (2) and to vifit, reform, redfefs, order, corred and amend all fuch errors, herefies, fchifms, abufes, offences, contempts and enormities! whatfoever, which by any manner of fpiritual or ecclefiaftical power, authority or jurifdic-

tion.

Ill

1558.] Anno primo Elizabeths c.x.

tion, can or may lawfully be reformed* ordered, redrelTcd, corrected, reftrainea or amended, to the pleafure of Almighty God, the increafe of virtue, and the confervation of the peace and unity of this rpalm5 (3) and that fuch perfon or peribns fo to be named, afligned, authorized and appointed by your High~ nefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs after the (aid letters patents to turn or them made and delivered* as is aforefaid, (hall have full power and authority by virtue of this act, and of the faid letters patents under your Hignnefs, your heirs and fucceffors, to exercife, ufe and execute all the premises, according to the tenour and effect of the faid letters patents; any matter or caufe to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XIX.	And for the better obfervation and maintenance of Whoarecom-

this adt, may it pleafe your Highnefs that it may he further	t0	.

enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every arch- ECC^efi^cai * bilhop, bilhop, and all and every other ecclefiaftical person, and perfoas ^nd other ecclefiaftical officer and minifter, of what eftate, dignity, officers, preheminence or degree foever he or they be or (hall be, (2) and all

and every temporal j udge, juftice, mayor and other lay or temjwral officer and minifter, and every other perfon having your High- Temporal of-nefs fee or wages, (3) within this realm, or any your Highnefs ficer. dominions, (hall make, take and receive a coiporal oath upon that hath the evangelift, before fuch perfon or perfons as mall pleafe your ^ ^ecn 8 Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs, under the great (eal of England to alfign and name, to accept and to take the fame according to the tenour and effedt hereafter following ; that is to fay,

I A* B. do utterly teftify and declare in myr conference. That the Queen's The bath of highnefs is the only fupreme governor of this realm, and of all other her the Queen's Highnefs dominions and countries, as well in all fpiritual or ecclefiaftical fupremacy. things or cauies, as temporal; and that no foreign prince, perfon, prelate, RepeaUd by 1 ftate or potentate, hath or ought to have any jurifdi&ion, power, fuperi- w. & M. ority, preheminence, or authority ecclefiaftical or fpiritual, within this fefl*. 1. c.S.f.s# , realm; and therefore I do utterly renounce and forfake all foreign iu- x Bulft. 199. rifdi&ions, powers, fuperiorities and authorities, and do promile, that from henceforth I (hall bear faith and true allegiance to the Queen's Highneis, her heirs and lawful fucceffors, and to my power (hall affift and defend all jurifdi&ions, preheminences, privileges and authorities granted or belonging to the Queen's highnefs, her heirs and fucceflbrs, or united and annexed to the imperial crown of this realm. So help me God, and by the contents of this book.	'

XX.	And that it may alfo be enadted, That if any fuch arch- The penalty bilhop, bilhop or any other ecclefiaftical officer or minifter, orTorrefufing any of the faid temporal judges, judiciaries, or other lay officerthc oa”l#

or minifter, (hall peremptorily or obftinately refufe to take or receive the faid oath; that then he fo refilling (hall forfeit and. lofe only during his life all and every ecclefiaftical and fpiritual promotion, benefice and office, and every temporal and lay promotion and office; which he hath folely at the time of fuch re-fufal made 5 and that the whole title, intereft, and incumbency, in every fuch promotion, benefice, and other office, as againft fuch perfon only fo refufing, during his life, (hall clearly ceafe and be void, as though the party fo refufing were dead.

XXL And

ii2	Anrtd	pfitho	ELlfeA^ETH^. C.t.	£1558^

XXI.	And that alfo all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo refuting to take the laid oath, (hall immediately after fuch re-fufal, be from thenceforth, during his life, difabled to retain or exercife any office or other promotion which he at the time of fuch refufal hath jointly, ot in Cctowloii, with any Other perfon or perfons.

XXH. And that all arid every jierfon and perfons, that at any time hefeafter (hall be preferred, promoted or collated to any archbiftibprick or bilhoprick, or to any other fpiritual or ecclefiaftical benefice, promotion, dignity, office of miniftry; of that (hall be by youf Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs, preferred or promoted to any temporal of lay office, miniftry or fer-vice within this realm, or in any your Highnefs dominions, before he or they (hall take updil hiih or them to receive, ufe, exercife, fupply, or occupy any fuch archbiftloprick, bifhoprick, promotion* dignity, office, miniftry or fervice, (hall likewife 1 make, take, ana receive the faid corporal oath before mentioned, upon the evangelift, before fuch perfons as have or (hall have authority to admit any fuch perfon to any fuch office, miniftry or fervice, or elfe before fuch perfon or perfons as by your Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs, ty commiflion under the gfeat feal of England* (hall be nathed* affigned or appointed to mini-fter the faid oath.

XXIII.	And that it may likewife be further enaAed by the authority afore&id, That if any fuch perfon or perfons, as at any time hereafter (hall be promoted, preferred or collated to any fuch promotion fpiritual or eccleiiaftical, benefice, office or miniftry, or that by your Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs * (hall be promoted or preferred to any temporal or lay office* miniftry or fervice, (hall and do peremptorily and obftinately refiife to take the fame oath fo to him to be offered; that then he or they fo refufing (hall prefently be judged difabled in the law to receive, take or have the fame promotion fpiritual or eccleiiaftical, or the fame temporal office, miniftry or fervice within this realm, or any other your Highnefs dominions, to all intents, conftruc-tions and purpofes.

XXIV.	And that it may be further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons temporal, filing livery or ouftre le maine out of the hands of your High-nefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs, before his or their livery or w-

Hc that doeth fter le maine fued forth and allowed, (2) and every temporal homage to the perfon or perfons doing any hotnage to your Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs, or that (hall be received into fervice with your Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs; (3) (hall make, take and receive the faid corporal oath before mentioned, before the lord chancellor of England, or the lord keeper of the great feal for the time being, or before fuch perfon or perfons as by your Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs, (hall be named „ . , , . and appointed to accept or receive the fame.

XXV.	And that alfo *11 and every perfon and perfons taking

He thattaketh orders, and all and every other perfon and perfons which degrees in any (hall be promoted or preferred to any degree of learning in any umverfity.	univer-

He that fueth livery ot ouftre U meant.

le that (hall be received into the Queen's fervice.

j558«]	Annoprimo Elizabeths, c.i.	113

univerfity within this your realm or dominions, before he (hall receive or take any fuch orders, or be preferred to any fuch degree of learning, (hall make take and receive the faid oath by this ad fet forth and declared as is aforefaid, before his or their ordinary, commiflary, chancellor or vicechancellor, or their fuf-ficient deputies in the faid univerfity.

XXVI.	Provided always, and that it may be further enaded He that hath by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon, having any eftate ritaiTcein ahC" of inheritance in any temporal office or offices, (hall hereafter obftinately and peremptorily refufe to accept and take the faid fice, firft re-oath as is aforefaid, and after at any time during his life (hall fuicth, and willingly require to take and receive the faid oath, andfo do take

and accept the fame oath before any-perfon or perfons that (halltn oa have lawful authority to minifter the fame; that then every fuch perfon, immediately after he hath fo received the faid oath, (hall be veiled, Judged and deemed in like eftate and poifeifion of the faid office, as he was before the faid refufal, and (hall and may ufe and exercife the faid office in* fuch manner and form as he (hould or might have done before fuch refufal; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary in any wife notvyithftanding.

XXVII.	And for the mote fure obfervation of this ad, and the utter extinguifhment of all foreign and ufurped power and authority; (2) may itpleafe your Highnefs, that it may be further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons dwelling or inhabiting within this your realm, or in any other your Highnefs realms or dominions, of what eftate, dignity or degree foever he or they be, after the end of thirty days next after the determination of this feffion of this prefent parliament, (hall by writing, printing, teaching, preaching, exprefs words, deed or ad, advifedly, malicioufiy and diredly affirm, hold, (land with, fet forth, maintain or defend, the authority, preheminence, power or jurifdidion, fpiritual or ecclefiaftical, of any foreign prince, prelate, perfon, date or potentate what-foever, heretofore claimed, ufed or ufurped within this realm, or any dominion or country being within or under the power, dominion orobeyfance of your Highnefs * (3) or (hall advifedly, malicioully and diredly put in ure or execute any thing for the extolling, advancement, fetting forth, maintenance or defence of any luch pretended or ufurped jurifdidion, power, preheminence and authority, or any part thereof > (4) that then every The penalty fuch perfon and perfons fo doing and offending, their abettors, of the main-aiders, procurers and counfellors, being thereof lawfully convic- tenance of fo-ted and attainted, according to the due order and courfe of the auth0“ common laws of this realm, for his or their firft offence (hall pyVr 363. forfeit and lofe unto your Highnefs, your heirs pand fuccelfors,

all his and their goods and chattels, as well real as perfonal.

XXVIII.	Ana if any fuch perfon fo convided or attainted The forfeiture (hall not have or be worth of his proper goods and chattels to for. the firft of-the value of twenty pounds, at the time of his convidion or *cncCi attainder, that then every fuch perfon fo convided or attainted,

over and befides the forfeiture of all his faid gpods and chattels.

You VI.	I	&al	I

H4 1 Annoprimo Elizabeth®, c.i. [1558.

lhall have and fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of one whole year, without bail or mainprife.

XXIX.	And that alfo all and every the benefices, prebends and other ecclefiaftical promotions and dignities whatfoever, of every fpiritual perfon fo offending, and being attainted, (hall immediately after fuch attainder be utterly void to all intents and purpofes, as though the incumbent thereof were dead; (2) and that the patron and donor of every fuch benefice, prebend, fpi-ritual promotion and dignity, (hall and may lawfully prefent unto the fame, or give the fame, in fuch manner and form as if Forfeiture0^ the faid incumbent were dead; (3) and if any fuch offender or *	offenders,	after fuch conviction or attainder, do eftfoons com-

mit or do the faid offences* or any of them, in manner and form aforefaid, and be thereof dulyconvifted and attainted, as is afore* laid; that then every fuch offender and offenders (hall for the fame fecond offence incur into the dangers, penalties and forfeitures ordained and provided by the ftatute of provifion and Pramunire, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

XXX.	And if any fuch offender or offenders* at any time after the faid fecond conviction and Attainder, do the .third time commit and do the faid offences, or any of them, in manner and form aforefaid, and be thereof duly convicted and attainted, as is aforefaid; that then every fuch offence or offences (hail be deemed and adjudged high treafon, and that the offender or offenders therein, being thereof lawfully convicted and attainted, according to the laws of this realm, mail fuffer pains of death, and other penalties, forfeitures and Ioffes, as in cafes of high treafon by the laws of this realm.

XXXI.	And alfo that it may likewife pleafe your Highnefs, that it may be enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no man-

fender (hall be ner of perfon or perfons lhall be molefted or impeached for any impeached. 0f *he offences fo committed or perpetrated only by preaching, teaching or words, unlefs he or they be thereof lawfully indicted within the fpace of one half year next after his or their offences fo committed: (2) and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall fortune to be imprifoned for any of the faid offences committed by preaching, teaching, or words only, and be not thereof indifted. within the fpace of one half year next after his or their fuch offence fo committed and done; that then the faid perfon fo imprifoned (hall be fet at liberty, and be no longer detained in pri-fon for any fuch caufe or offence.

All things XXXIl. Provided always and be it enafted by the authority p^semumre in aforefaid. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall i &aPh. &M. not in any wife extend to repeal any claufe, matter or fentence c. 8. f. 4.0. do contained or fpecified in the laid aft of repeal made in the faid continue in fjrft and fecond years of the reigns of the faid late King Philip *orcc#	and Queen Mary, as doth in any wife touch or concern any

matter or caufe of Pramunire, or that doth make or ordain any matter or caufe to be'within the cafe of Pramutiire; (2) but that the fame, for fa much only as toucheth or concerneth any

cafe.

IU6 1CVVUU Ul“

fence.

16 R. *. c. 5.

of the third offence.

Within what time an of-

1558.]	Anno primo I^lIzABeth.®. cm.	115

cafe, or matter of Pramunire, flialJ ftand and remain in Rich force and effed, as the fame was before the making of this ad $ any thing in this ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority Offences com-atorefaid, That this ad, or any thing therein contained, (hafi fitted againfl not in any wife extend or be prejudicial to any perfon or perfons

for any offence or offences committed or done, or hereafter to v be committed or done, contrary to the tenor and effed of any ad or ftatute now revived by this ad, before the end of thirty days next after the end of the feflion of this prefent parliament; any thing in this ad contained, or any other matter or caufe to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And if it happen that any peer of this realm fliall Trial of peers* fortune to be indided of and for any offence that is revived or

made Pramunire or treafon by this ad ; that then he fo being indided fliall have his trial by his peers, in fuch like manner and form as in other cafes of treafon hath been ufed.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enaded as is aforefaid, No matt€r Q( That no manner of order, ad or determination for any matter religion, &c, of religion, orcaufe ecclefiaftical, had or made by the authority made by .this of this prefent parliament, fliall be accepted, deemed, interpreted Eaijl1?lmc,Lt or adjudged at any time hereafter, to be any error, herefy, fdhifm judged error, or fchifmaticai opinion; any order, decree, fentence, conftitution herefy, or * or law, whatfoever the fame be, to the contrary notwithftanding. fchifm.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the author

rity aforefaid. That fuch perfon or perfons to whom your High* Comfmfllorf-nefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs, fliall hereafter by letters patents* may ad-under the great feal of England, give authority to have or exe- ^ te cute anyjurifdidion, power or authority fpiritual, or to vifit, re- herefy as are form, order or corred any errors, herefies, fchifms, abufes or fo declared enormities by virtue of this ad, (hall not in any wife have au- by thefcrip-thority or power to order, determine or adjudge any matter or the eaufe'to be herefy, but only fuch as heretofore have been de- ncral councils, termined, ordered or adjuaged to be herefy, by the authority or the parlia-* of the canonical fcriptures, or by the firft four general councils, mcnt, with the or any of them, or by any other general council, /wherein the co”v?c,at^np fame was declared herefy by the exprefs and plain words of the * * *s * laid canonical fcriptures, or fuch as hereafter fliall be ordered, judged or determined to be herefy by the high' court of parliament of this realm, with the aflent of the clergy in their convocation ; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwitfo-ftanding.	*

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

faid, That no perfon or perfons fliall be hereafter indided or raigncd but by arraigned for any of the offences made, ordained, revived or ad- two witaelfcs. judged by this ad, unlefs there be two fafficient witnefles or more, to teftify and declare the faid offences whereof he fliall be indided or arraigned: (2) and that the faid witnefles, or fo many of them as fliall be living and within this realm at the time of the arraignment of fuch perfon fo indided, fliall be brought forth in perfon face to face before the party fo arraigned,

I	2	and

u6

A provifo for themthat give relief to o£ fender*.

Chetwood’s appeal to the court of Rome,

Anno primo Elizap^th^. c.i. ,[1558;

and there (hall teftify and declare what they can fay againft the party fo arraigned, if he require the fame.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall hereafter happen to give any relief, aid or comfort, or in any wife be aiding, helping or comforting to the perfon or perfons of any that (hall hereafter happen to be an offender in any matter or cafe of Pramunire or treafon revived or made by this a&; that then fuch relief, aid or comfort given (hall not be judged or taken to be any offence, unlefs there be two fufficient witnefles at the lead, that can and will openly teftify and declare that the perfon or perfons that fo gave fuch relief, aid or comfort had notice and knowledge of fuch offence committed and done by the faid offender, at the time of fuch relief, aid or comfort fo to him given or miniftred ; any thing in this a& contained, or any other matter or caufeto the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	And where one pretended fentence hath heretofore been given in the conjiftory in Paul’s before certain judges delegate, by the authority legantme of the late cardinal Poole, by reafon of a foreign ufurped power and authority, againft Richard Chetwood efq\ and Agnes his wife, by the name of Agnes Woodhall, at the fuit of Charles T yrril gentleman, in a caufe of matrimony folemnized between the faid Richard and Agnes, as by the fame pretended fentence more plainly doth appear from which fentence the faid Richard and Agnes have appealed to the court of Rome, which appeal doth there remain, andyet is not determined:

XL. May it therefore pleafe your Highnefe, that it may be enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if fentence in the faid appeal (hall happen to be given at the faid court of Rome for and in the behalf of the faid Richard and Agnes^ for the reverfing of the faid pretenced fentence, before the end of threefcore days next after the end of this feffion Qf this prefent parliament, that then the fame (hall be adjudged and taken to be good and effectual in the law, and (hall and may be ufed, pleaded and allowed in any court or place within this realm; any thing in this adt, or in any other adt or ftatute contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIJ. And if no fenteqce (hall be given at the court of Rome in the faid appeal for the reverfing of the faid pretenced fentence before the end of the faid threefcore days, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Richard and Agnesy and either of them, at any time hereafter, to commence, take, fue and profecute' their laid appeal from the faid pretenced fentence, and for the reverfing of the faid pretenced fentence, within this realm, in fuch like manner and form as was ufed to be purfued* or might have been purfued within this realm, at any time fince the twenty-fourth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, upon any fentences given in the court or courts of any archbifhop within this realm.

XLII. And that fuch appeal as fo hereafter (hall be taken or purfued by the (aid Richard Chetwood and Agnes > or either of them,

and

1558-] Anno primo Elizabeth.®, c.2.	117

and the fentence that herein or thereupon (hall hereafter be given,

(hall be judged to be good and effectual in the law to all intents and purpqfes 5 any law, cuftom, ufage, canon, confti-tution, ori any other matter or caufe to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

- XLIII. Provided alfo, and be it enadted by the authority An appeal be-aforefaid, .That where there is the like appeal now depending tween Robert in the (aid court of Rome between Robert Harcourt, merchant Anthony of the ftaple, and Elizabeth Harcourt, othejwife called Elizabeth Fydell, Y Robins, of the one party,, and Anthony Fidell, merchant ftranger, on the other party ; that the faid Robert, Elizabeth and Anthony and every or them, (hall and may, for the profecuting and trying or their faid appeal, have and enjoy the like remedy, benefit *and advantage, in like manner and form as the faid Richard and Agnes, or any of them, hath, may or ought to have and enjoy $ this adt or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. 23 Eliz. c. 1.

CAP. II.

An aft for the uniformity of commonprayer andfervice in the church, and adminiftration of the Sacraments.

WHERE at the death of our late fovereign lord King Edward 13 Sc 14 Car. a.

the Sixth there remained one uniform order of common fervice c* 4* and prayer, and of the adminiflration of facraments, rites and cere-monies in the church of England, which was fet forth in one book, intituled, The book of common prayer, and admintjiration of facraments, and other, rites and ceremonies in the church of England; authorized by a ft of parliament hoUen in the fifth and fixth years of	.

our faid late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An aft stat. 5 & 6 for the uniformity of common prayer, and adminiftration of the fa- Ed. 6. c. 1. craments ; the which was repealed and taken away by aft of par- A repeal of liament in the firft yedr of the reign of our late fovereign lady Queen t^%ute of Mary, to the great decay of the due honour of God, and difcomfort *	2*

to the profejfors of the truth of Chri/Fs religion 2	‘ *’

II.	Beit therefore enadted by the authority of,this prefent Andth$ book parliament. That the faid eftatute of r^>eal, and every thing °f common therein contained, only concerning the faid book, and fervice, adminiftration of the facraments, rites arid ceremonies, contained or appointed in or by the faid book, (hall be void and of none effedt, from and after the feaft of the nativity of.

St. John Baptift next coming; (2) and that the faid book, f £eon#ft9-# with the order of fervice, and of the adminiftration of facraments, rites and ceremonies, with the alterations and additions therein added and appointed by this eftatute, (hall (land and be, from and after the faid feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptift, in full force and effedt, according to the tenor and effedt of this eftatute; any thing in the aforefaid eftatute of repeal to the contrary notwithftandipg.

III.	And further be it enadted by the Queen’s highnefs, withThcbooko^ the affent of the lords and commons in this prefent parlia- common

13	f	ment	prayer (hall

it9

be ufed.

8 Eli?. c. t.

The Alteration* of the book fet forth. 5&6Ed.6»c.i.

The forfeiture of tbofe which ufe any other • (ervice than the book of common prayer. jGrodbolt ii8.

8 Mod. 78.

The penalty for depraving the book of ' common prayer.

The penalty for the fecond effenpe.

Anno prime Elizabeth®. c.2.	[1558*

ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and lingular minifter* in any cathedral or parilh churchy or Other place within this realm of England, Wales, and the marches of the fame, or other the Queen’s dominions, fhall from and after the feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptijl next coming be bounden to fay and ufe the mattens, even-fong, celebration of the Lord’s (upper and adminiftration of each of the facraments, and all the common and open prayer, in fuch order and form as is mentioned in the faid book, fo authorized by parliament in the faid fifth and fixth years of the reign of fiing Edward the Sixth, with one alteration or addition of certain leflons to be ufed on every Sunday in the year, and the form of the litany altered and corrected, and two fentences only added in the delivery of the facrament to the communicants, and none other or otherwife.

IV.	And that if any manner of parfon, vicar or other what-foever minifter, that ought or (hould ling or. fay common prayer mentioned in the faid book, or minifter the facraments, from and after the feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptijl next coming, refufe to ufe the faid common prayers, or to minifter the facraments in fuch cathedral or parim church, or other

? daces as he (hould ufe to minifter the fame, in fuch order and orm as they be mentioned and fet forth in the faid book ; (2)

.or (hall wilfully or obftinately, (landing in the fame, ufe any other rite, ceremony, order, form or manner of celebrating of the Lord’s fupper, openly or privily, or mattens, even-fong, adminiftration of the facraments, or other open prayers, than is mentioned and fet forth in the faid book, (3) (open prayer in and throughout this aft, is meant that prayer which is for others to come unto, or hear, either in common churches, or private chapels or oratories, commonly called, the' fervice of the church.) (4) or (hall preach, declare or fpeak any thing in the derogation or depraving of the faid book, or any thing therein contained, or of any part thereof, (5) and mall be j thereof lawfully convifted, according to the laws of this realm, by .verdift of twelve men, or by his own confefiion, or by the notorious, evidence of the faft, fhall lofe and forfeit to the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceiTors, for his firft offence, the profit of all his fpiritual benefices or promotions coming or arifing in one whole year next after his cqryviftion: (6) and alfothat the perfon fo convifted fhall for the fame offence fuffer imprifonment for the fpace pf fix months, without bail or , mainprife.

V.	And if any fuch perfon once convift of any offence concerning the premiffes, (hall after his firft conviftion eftfoons offend, and be thereof in form afore&id lawfully convift, that then the fame perfon (hall for his fecond oifence fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of one whole year, (2) and alfo (hall therefore be deprived, ipfi fafto, of all his fpiritual promotions; (7) and that it (hall be lawful to all patrons or donors of all and lingular the fame fpiritual promotions or of any them, to

prefent

1558.} Anno primo Elizabeth®, c.2	119

prefent or collate to the fame, as though the perfon or perfons fo offending were dead.

VI.	And that if any fuch perfon or perfons, after he {hall The penalty be twice convidted in form aforefaid, (hall offend againft any for the third of the premises the third time, and fhall be thereof in form offencc' aforefaid lawfully convidted, that then the perfon fo offending

and convidted the third- time, fhall be deprived, ipfo faflo, of all his fpiritual promotions, and alfo fhall fuffer imprifonment during his life.

VII.	And if the perfon that fhall offend, and be convidted The penalty in form aforefaid, concerning any of the premises, fhall not offender be beneficed, nor have any fpiritual promotion, that then the ritual pr£ P*" fame perfon fo offending and convidt, fhall for the firft offence motion, fuffer imprifonment during one whole year next after his laid conviction, without bail or mainprife.

VIII.	And if any, fuch perfon, not having any fpiritual promotion, after his firft convidhon fhall eftfoons offend in any thing concerning the ‘premiffes, and fhall in form aforefaid be thereof lawfully convidted, that then the fame perfon fhall for his fecond offence fuffer imprifonment during his life.

IX.	And it is ordained and enadted by the authority afore- The forfeiture faid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, after the faid of them which feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptift next coming, fhall in do any thing, any enterludes, plays, fongs, rhymes, or by other open words, ^eroearion^f declare or fpeak any thing in the derogation* depraving or def- the book of piling of the fame book, qr of any thing therein contained, or common any part thereof: (2) or fhall by open fadl, deed or by open grayer.

threatnings, compel or caufe, or otherwife procure or main^

tain, any parfon, vicar or other minifter in any cathedral or or rung, parifh church, or in chapel, or in any other place, to ling or Coke, pi. fol. fay any common or open prayer, or to minifter any facrament otherwife, or in any Other manner and form, than is men- * tioned in the faid book ; (3) or that by any of the faid mean$ .	‘1

fhall unlawfully interrupt or let any parfon, vicar or other minifter in any cathedral or parifh cnurch, chapel, or any other place, -to fing or fay common and open prayer, or to minifter the facraments or any of them, in fuch manner and form, as is mentioned in the faid book; (4) that then eVery fuch per- The forfeiture fon, being thereof lawfully convidted in form abovefaid, (hall of an hundred forfeit to the Queen our fovereign lady, her heirs and fucceflbrs, ™^ksJf°Fthe for the firft offence an hundred marks.	firft offencc*

X.	And if any perfon or perfons being once convidt of any The forfeiture fuch offence, eftfoons offend againft any of the laft recited of- offourhun-fences, and fhall in form aforefaid be thereof lawfully con- <!red marks vidt; that then the fame? perfon fo offending and convidt fhall offence. C°nCl for the feCond offence forfeit to the Queen our fovereign lady,

her heirs and fucceflbrs, four hundred marks.

XI.	And if any perfon, after he in form aforefaid fhall have The forfeiture

been twice convidt ot any offence concerning any of the laft recited	the thir<*

offences, (hall offend the third time, and be thereof in form offence* abovefaid lawfully coftvidt, That then every perfon fo offend-

I	4	U)g

Anno primo Elizabeth®. c.2.	[1558.

mg and convidt (hall for his third offence forfeit to our fovereign lady the Queen, all his goods and chattels, and (hall fuffer imprifonment during his life.

The penalty All. And if any perfon or perfons, that for his firft offence ,^the.Pa,!ty concerning the premiffes (hall be convidl in form aforefaid, not payhis not PaY h® to be paid by virtue of his convi&ion, in forfeiture fuch manner and form as the fame ought to be paid, within within the fix weeks next after his convidlion ; that then every perfon fo time limited. COnvidt, and fo not paying the fame, (hall for the fame firft offence, inftead of the faid fum, fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of fix months, without bail or mainprile.

XIII. And if any perfon or perfons, that for his fecond offence concerning the premifles (hall be convidfc in form aforefaid, do not pay the faid fum to be paid by virtue of his conviction and this eftatute, in fuch manner and form as the fame ought to be paid, within fix weeks next after his faid fecond conviction; that then every perfon fo convicted, and not fo paying the fame, (hall for the fame fecond offence, in the ftead of the faid fum, fuffer imprifonment during twelve months, without bail or mainprife.

Every perfon XIV. And that from and after the faid feaft of the nativity of /hall retort to St . John Baptiji next coming, all and every perfon and per* upon Xe holy ^ns inhabiting within this realm, or any other the Queen's days.	majefty’s dominions, (hall diligently and faithfully, having no

God bolt 14S. lawful or reafonable excufe to be abfent, endeavour themfelves pi. 191. to refort to their parilh church or chapel accuftomed, or upon niayJconvidt reafonable let thereof, tp fome ufual place where common the offender, prayer and fuch fervice of God (hall be ufed in fuch time of &c.by3jac.i. let, upon every Sunday, and other days ordained and ufed to C r h* 7’ be *cePt as holy days, and then and there to abide orderly and March ^1 foberly during the time of the common, prayer, preaching or The for?eiture other fervice of God there to be ufed and miniftred \ (2) upon for notcoming pain of puniftiment by the cenfures of the church, and alfo to church. upon pain that every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit for every m CoZ«6 * ^ucb offence twelve pence, to be levied by the churchwardens a Roll. 89! of the parifli where fuch offence (hall be done, to the ufe of the poor of the lame parifti, of the goods., lands and tenements of fuch offender, by way of diftrefs,

XV. And for due execution hereof, the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, the lords temporal, and all tbe commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, do in God’s name eameftly require and charge all the archbifhops, bifhops and other or* dinaries* that they (hall endeavour themfelves to the utter-moft of their knowledges, that the due and true execution hereof may be had throughout their diocefe and charges, as they will anfwer before God, for fuch evils and plagues wherewith Almighty God may juftly punifh his people for negledting this good and wholfome law.

Tbe ordinary XVI. And for their authority in this behalf, be it further m*y . enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and Angular the ^cenfures ^ arebbilhops, bilbops, and all other their officers exercifing vof the church.	'	ecclefiaftical



J2X

1558.] Anno primo Elizabeth/e. c.2.

•ccclefiaftical jurifdiiftion, as well in place exempt as not exempt, within their diocefe, (hall have full power and authority by this ad to reform, corred and puni(h by cenfures of the church, all and Angular perfons which (hall offend within any their jurifdidions or diocefe, after the faid feaft of the nativity of St.

John Baptiji next coming, againft this ad and ftatute; any other law, ftatute, privilege, liberty or provifion heretofore made, had or fuffered, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII. And it is ordained and enaded by. the authority afore* Which juftices faid. That all and every juftices of oyer and determiner, or juftices may punilh of affife, (hall have full power and authority in every of theirthefe °^coces-open and general feffions, to enquire hear and determine all and all manner of offences that (hall be committed or done contrary to any article contained in this prefent ad* within the. limits of tne commiffion to them direded, and to make procefs for the execution of the fame, as they may do againft any perfon being indided before them of trelpafs, or lawfully convided thereof.

. XVIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority A bilhopmay aforefaid. That all and every archbifhop and bi(hop (hall or j°j£ wlt« tbe may at all time and times, at his liberty and pleafure, join and affociate >himfelf, by virtue of this ad, to the faid juftices of 3ers.

•cyer and determiner, dr to the faid juftices of aflize, at every of the faid open and general feffions to be holden in any place within his diocefe,. for and tathe enquiry, hearing and deters mining of .the offences aforefaid.

XIX.	Provided alfo, * and be it enaded by the . authority At whofe aforefaid. That the books concerning the faid fefvices (hall at charges the the eofts and charges.of the parilhioners of every pari(h and h°°ksof com-cathedral church, be attained and gotten before the faid feaft

of the nativity of St. John Baptiji next following ; (2) and that gotten, all fuch parities and cathedral churches, or other places where the faid books (hall be attained, and gotten before the (aid feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptiji, (hall within three weeks next after the faid books fo attained and gotten ufe the faid fervice, and put the fame in ure according to this. ad.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, within what That no perfon or perfons (hall be at any time hereafter im- time offenders peached or otherwise molefted of or for any of the offences above-mentioned, hereafter to be committed or done contrary Godbolt* 148. -to this ad, unlefc be or they fo offending be thereof indided pi. I9i. 4 # at the next general feffions to be holden before, any fuch juftices

' of oyer and determiner or juftices of aflize, next after any offence .committed or done contrary to the tenor of this ad.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it ordained and enaded by Trial of peers, the authority aforefaid. That all and lingular lords of the par- p liament, for the third offence above-mentioned, (hall be tried

by their peers.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it ordained and enaded by the chief officers authority aforefaid, That the mayor of London, and all -other of cities and

mayors, boroughs (hall

122

enquire of of* fenders.

The ordinary's jurif-diefion m thefe cafes.

None (hall be punched a-bove once for one offence.

Ornaments of the church and minifters.

All laws and ordinances made for other fervice (hall Ve void.

Anno primo Elizabethan c.2."	[1558.

mayors, bailiffs and other head officers of all and fingular cities, * boroughs and towns corporate within this realm, Wales* and the inarches of the fame, to the which juftices of affize do not commonly repair, (hall have full power and authority by virtue of this a£t to enquire, hear and determine the offences above* faid, and every of them, yearly within fifteen days after the feaft of Eafier, and St. Michael the archangel, in like manner and form as juftices of affize and oyer and determiner may do.

XXIII.	Provided always, arid be it ordained and enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and fingular archbilhops and bifhops, and every of their chancellors, commHTaries, archdeacons and other ordinaries, having any peculiar ecclefiaftical jurif* didtioiL, (hall have full power and authority by virtue of this a6t, as well to enquire in their vifitation, fynods, and elfewhere within their jurifdidtion at' any other time and1 place, to take accufetions and informations or all and every the things above-mentioned, done, committed or perpetrated within the limits of their Jurifdidtions and authority, and to puni(h the fame by admonition, excommunication, fequeftration or deprivation, and other cenfures and procefs, in like form as heretofore hath been ufed in like cafes by the Queen’s ecclefiaftical laws.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That what* j foever perfons offending in the premises ihall for their offences firft receive punifhment of the ordinary, having a teftimonial thereof, under the faid ordinary’s feal, fliall not for the feme offence eftfoons be convicted before the juftices: (2) and likewife receiving for the faid offence punifhment firft by the juftices, (hall not for the fame offence, eftfoons receive punifh- i ment of the ordinary; any thing contained in this a& to the > contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That fuch or* \ naments of the church and of the minifters thereof, fhall be retained and be in ufe* as was in this church of England by authority of parliament, in the fecond year of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, until other order fhall be therein taken by the authority of the: Queen’s majefty, with the advice of her com* mHIioners appointed and, authorized under the great feal of England for caufes ecclefiaftical, or of the metropolitan of this realm.'

XXVI.	And alfo. That if there (hall happen any contempt or irreverence to be ufed in the ceremonies or rites of the church, by the mif-ufing of the orders appointed in this book, the Queen’s majefty may, by the like advice of the faid commiffioners or metropolitan, ordain and publifh fuch further ceremonies cm* rites,* as may be moft for the advancement of God’s glory, the edifying of his church, and the due reverence of Chrift’s holy myfteries and fecraments.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That all laws, ftatutes and ordinances, wherein or whereby any other fervice, adminiftration of fecraments or common

prayer,

2

1558.] Armo primo Elizabeths, c.3.	123

prayer, is limited, eftablilhed or fet forth to be ufed withir^this realm, or any other the Queen’s dominions or countries,, lhall from henceforth be utterly void and of none effedt. Made. per-petual by 5 Ann. c% 5v as to the efiablijbment of the church•

CAP. IIT.

An a£l for recognition of the Queen's highnefs to the imperial crown of this realm.

AS there is nothing under God (mojl dread fovereign Lady) where- The recog-of we your moft humble, faithful and obedient fubjefts, the nizing the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Queen's right ' affembled, have, may or ought to have mQre caufe to rejoice, than in t0 tbc crown'j this only, that it hath pkafed God of his merciful providence and gooanejs towards us and this our realm, not only to provide, but alfo to prfferve dnd keep for us and our wealths, your royal Majefty our mojl rightful and lawful fovereign liege lady and Queen, mof happily to reign over us ; for the which we do give and yield unto him from the bottoms of our hearts, our humble thanks, lauds and praifes; (2) even fo there is nothing that we your faid fubjefts for our parties can, may -or ought towards your Highnefs more firmly* entirely andaffured-ly in the purity of our hearts think, or with our mouths declare and Queen Eliza-confefs to be true, than thatyour Majejiy, ourfaid fovereign Lady is* betlL|stanu and in very deed and of mojl meer right ought to be, by the laws of God, ©uf lawftil * and the laws and ftatutes of this realm, our moft rightful arid'lawful Queens fovereign liege lady and Queen 5 (3) and thatyour Highnefs is rightly lineally and lawfully defended and come of the blood royal of this realm ^England, in and to whofeprincely perfon, and the heirs of your body lawfully to be begotten, after you, without ail doubt, ambiguity, fcruple or quefiion, the imperial and royal eftate9 place, crown and dignity of this realm, with all honours, files, titles, dignities, regalities, jurifdiftUns aud preheminences to the fame now belonging and appertaining, are dnd Jhall be mof fully $ rightfully, really and intirely	'

invefed and incorporated, united and annexed, as rightfully and lawfully* to all intents, conftruftions and purpofes* as the fame were in the late. King Henry the Eighth, or in the late King Edward the Sixth, your Highnefs brother, or in the late Queen Maiy your Highnefs filler, at any time fince the aft of parliament made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of your faid moft noble father King Henry the 35 H. 8. c. 1. Eighth, intituled. An aft concerning the effablijbment of the King's majefifs fuccejfion in the imperial crown of this realm:

II. For which caufes we your faid moft loving, faithful and obedient fubjedts, representing the three eftates of your realm f of England, as thereunto conftraihed by the law of God and mao, except we fhould overmuch forget our duties to your Highnefs, and to the heirs of your body lawfully begotten, can no lefs do, but moft humbly befeech your Highnefs, that by the authority of this prefent parliament k may be enadted, eftablifti-ed and declared. That we do recognife, acknowledge and confefs the fame your eftate, right, title and fucceffion as is aforefaid, to be 19 and to your Highnefs, and the heirs of your body to be

begotten

Queen Elizabeth’s title to the crown of England recognized by parliament.

The limitation of the crown contained in the Hatute of ic H. 8. c. s. Audi be the law for ever.

A rehearfal of the ftatute ofi6H. 8.C.3. touching firft-fruits and tenths given to the lung.

Anno primo Elizabeths. 0.4.	[1558-

begotten throughoutly, and in the whole, and in every part thereof in fuch manner and form as before is mentioned, declared or confefled; and thereunto mod humbly and faithfully we do fubmit ourfelves, our heirs and pofterities for ever.

III.	And further do make our mod hearty and humble petition unto your Highnefs, That it may pleafe the fame, not only to accept this our faid recognition, but alfo our faithful promifes, that we, according to our duties, (hall and will ftand to, a (lift and defend yoUr royal Majefty, and the heirs of your body to be begotten, being Kings and Queens of this realm, and your faid rights and titles in and to the faid imperial eftate, place, crown and dignity in all things thereto belonging, at all times, to the uttermoft of our poffible powers, and therein to fpend our bodies, lands and goods, againft all perfons whatfo— ever, that any thing (hall attempt to the contrary.

IV.	And that it may be enabled bythe authority aforefaid. That as well this our declaration, cohfeffion and recognition, as alfo the limitation and declaration of the fuccefTion of the imperial crown of this realm, mentioned and contained in the faid a6t made in the faid five and thirtieth year of the reign .of your faid mod noble father, Ihall ftand, remain and be the law of this realm for ever.

V.	And that all fentences, judgments and decrees, had,, made, declared, fet fprth, pubfifhed and promulged, and alfo as much, of every claufe, article, branch, matter or thing contained and exprefled in any a6k or a6ts of parliament, as be'in any thing repugnant, contrary or derogatory to this our faid con-feffion, declaration and recognition, or to any part or parcel thereof, or contrary to the faid limitation of the fucceffion of the imperial crown, eftablifhed and made by the faid a61, in the faid xxxv. year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, by whatfoever power or authority the fame been or have been had or made, (hall be utterly fruftrate, void and of none effe6t: and alfo (hall and may be cancelled, defaced, and put in perpetual oblivion, at your Highnefs will and pleafure, as if the fame had never been Had, made, declared, fet forth, publifhed or promulged.

CAP. IV.

An ablfor the refiitution of the firftfruits to the crown.

IN their moji humble wife befeeeh your mojl excellent Majefty, your faithful and humble Jubjefts the lords Jpiritual and temporal, and the commons of this your realm, in this prefent parliament ajfembled. That where in the parliament of your mofi noble father of famous memory, King Henry the Eighth, holden at Weftminfter upon prp-rogation the third day of November in the fix and twentieth year of his profperous reign, it was enabled, ordained and efiablijbed by the authority of the fame parliament, amongft other things, That his High-tiefs, his heirs and fuccejfors, Kings of this realm, Jhould have and enjoy from time to time, to endure for ever, of every fuch perfon and perfons, which at any time after the firft day of January then next

'	enfuing

1558.]	Anno	primo ElizAbetH/e. c.4.	125

enfuing Jbould be nominated, elefted, prefefted, prefented, collated, #*2^ other means appointed to have any archbijhoprick, bijboprick, abbacy, monajlery, priory, college, hofpital, archdeaconry, deanry, provojljhip, prebend, parfonage, vicarage, chantry,	chapel, or other dignity,

benefice, office or promotion fpiritual within this realm, or elfewhere within any of the Kings dominions, of what name, nature or quality foever they were, or to whofe foundation, patronage or gift foever they did belong, the Jfrfi-fruitsrevenues and profits for one year of every The firft-yfoA archbijhoprick, biJhopncK, abbacy, monajlery, priory, college, bof- fruits. pital, archdeaconry, deanry, provojljhip, pretend, par linage, vicarage, chantry, free chapel, or qfher dignity, benefice, office or promotion fpiritual aforenamed, whereunto any fuch perfon or perfons Jhould after the fatd firft day of January be nominated, elected, prefefted, prefented, collated or by any other means appointed: (2) and that every fuch perfon and perfons, before any aftual or real pojfeffion, or meddling with the profits of any fuch archbijhoprick, bi/hoprici, abbacy, monajlery± college, hofpital, deanry, provojljhip, prebend, parfonage, vicarage, chantry, free chapel, priory or sother dignity, benefice, office, or promotion fpiritual, jbould fatisfy, content and pay, or compound, or agree to pay to the Kings ufe at reafonable days, upon good fureties, the faid firft-fruits and profits for one year :

II.	And it was further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the firjt-fruits of benefices, before that time accujlomedto be paid to the bijhop 0/* Norwich within bis diocefe, and to the archdeacon of Richmond within his archdeaconry, or any other perfon or perfons within this realm, or any other the Kings dominions, Jbould from the faid firjl day of January ceafe and beextinft, and no longer be paid, but only to the King's highnefs, bis heirs and fuccejfors, in fuch form as is before mentioned:

III.	AHd further it was enabled by the authority aforefaid. That tenths. the King's majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, for more augmentation

and maintenance of the royal eftate of his imperial crown, Jbould yearly have, take, enjoy and receive, united and Unit to his imperial crown, for ever, one yearly rent or penfion, amounting to the value of the tenth part of all the revenues, rents, ferms, tithes, offerings, emoluments, and of all other profits, as well called fpiritual as temporal, appertaining or belonging, or that from thenceforth Jbould belong to any arch-bijboprick, bijboprick,abbacy, monajlery, priory, archdeaconry,'deanry,* hofpital, college, houfe collegiate, prebend, cathedral church, collegiate church, conventual church, parfonage, vicarage, chantry, free chapel, or other benefice or promotion fpiritual, of what name, nature or quality foever tney were, within any diocefe of this realm, or in Wales;

(2) the faid penfion or annual rent to be yearly paid for ever, to the faid late King, his heirs and fucceJJ'ors, at the feajl of the nativity of our Lord God, and the firjl payment thereof to begin at the feajl of the nativity of our Lord God, which Jbould be in the year of our Lord God 1535, and to be paid yearly by fuch as Jbould be appointed to have the collection thereof, before the firjl day of April next following after the faid feajl of the nativity of our Lord God, as in the faid aft more plainly it doth apptar :

IV.	And

12 6 2$ Hi S« c. 17.

»7 H. 8. c. 8.'

38 H. 8. c. 11

33 H. 8. c. is.

32 H. 8. C.45.

32 H. 8. c. 47.

34 & 35 H. 8. c, 1.

Anno prime Elizabeths c.4.	[1558.

IV.	And where alfo one other alt was made and efiablijhed in the faid parliament the fold twenty-fexth year, That no farmour of fpi-ritual perfons Jhould be compelled or chargedto pay for their lejfors firji-fruits or yearly penfion for the tenth granted unto the King’s highnefs, notwithftanding any covenant, contralto bond or other thing made to the contrary, as by the fame alt more plainly appeareth.

V* And where alfo at one other fijfon of the fame parliament, holden by prorogation at Weftminfter in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of your faid father, one other alt was made and efiablijhed. That the Ring’s fpiritual fiibjelts Jhould be dedulted and allowed of the tenth of their fpiritual promotions for tha{year for which they Jhould pay the firfl-fruits, as in the faid alt alfo more at large appeareth.

VI.	And where alfo in one other parliament of the faid late King, holden at Weftminfter in the twenty-eighth year of his reign, amongfi other things, it was mailed and ordained, That the year in which the firji fruits of every benefice and fpiritual promotion Jhould be paid, Jhould begin and be accounted immediately-after the avoidance thereof: (2) and that the tithes, commodities, revenues, cafualties and profits thereof (chantries only except) in the time of vacation, Jhould belong and affere to the next incumbent, towards the payment of the firji-fruits; as by the fame alt more at large appeareth.

VII.	And where alfo in one other parliament, holden upon prorogation at Weftminfter inthethirty-fecondyear of the reign of the find late King, one alt was made and efiablijhed, That bijbops upon their accounts of and for the faid yearly tenth Jhould be dtfeharged by their oaths, of payment offuch fum or Jitms of money of the faid annual rent or tenth, as they could not lawfully levy: (2) and alfo an order appointed how the King Jhould be anfwered of the tmth of any benefice and fpiritual promotion, omitted in the original or former certificate of benefices and fpiritual promotions made in the Exchequer; as by the fame alt lajl mentioned more at large appeareth.

V III. And where alfo in the famefijjion andparliammt holden in the faid thirty-fecondyear 9f the reign ofyour Highnefs faid noble father, and by authority of the fame parliament, one court was erelfed, efiablijhed and made, for the better anfwering of the faidfirfifruits and tenths unto the King, called The court of nrft-rruits and tenths ; as in the fame all of ereHion thereof more fully appeareth.

• IX. And where alfo in the fame fejjion and parliament one other all was made, whereby the bijhop Norwich for the time being (being before that difeharged from the coUeHion of the tenth within his diocefe) Jhould be charged aud chargeable for ever, for and with the coUeHion of the fame tenth within his diocefe, and make payment thereof, as other bijhops Jhould or ought to do within their diocefes; as by the fame all more plainly appeareth

X.	And where alfo in one other parliament of the faid late King, holden at Weftminfter upon prorogation in the thirty-fourth year of his reign, one all was efiablijhed and made concerning collegers and receivers, to make payment of their receipts within three months next after the fame Jhould be due and paid to the King’s ufe, under certain penalties therein exprejfid-, as by the fame all more at large appeareth.

XI. And

J55^]	Anno	primo	Elizabeths,	c.4.	127

XL And where alfo in the fame fejfton and parliament it was e- 34 & 35 H *• nafted and efiablijhed, That the new eretted bijhops of Chewier,c* *!• Gloucester, Peterborough, Briftol, Oxford, and their fuccejfors for every Jhould pay their tenths referved upon their letters patents on *their fevered erettions9 only in the faid court of the firjl fruits and tenths for ever; as by the fame att more at large appearetb.

XIi. And where alfo in the parliament of the faid late Kingy hold- 37 h. 8. c. 21. en at Weftminfter in the thirty-feventk year of his reign, one att entituledy An attfor the union of churches not exceeding the value of fix poundy was ejlabfifbed and made y whereinis contained afaving to the King of the firjl-fruits and tenths of all churches and chapels not exceeding the value of fix poundy that then were or from thenceforth Jbould be united and confolidate in one*, as in the fame att and faving more largely appearetb.

XIII.	And where alfo in the parliament of your Highnefs dearefl * & 3 Ed. 6. brother of worthy memory, King Edward the Sixthy holden at Wdx- c* 2°-minder upon prorogation in the fecond year of his reign, one att was

made. That by the certificate of the bijhop of any diocefe within this realm, or any of the dominions of the fame, of recujdnce or non-pay- \ ment of any tenth of any benefice or fpiritual promotion, the incumbent Jhould lofe but that benefice or promotion only, as by the fame att more plainly appeareth.

XIV.	And where alfo in one other parliament of the faid late ; Ed. 6. c. 4.. King Edward, holden at Weftminfter in the feventb year of his

reign, one att was made and ejlabtijbedy declaring how and in what fort the under-collettors of the tenth in every diocefe, appointed by the bijhop, Jhould be bound to difeharge the bijhops of that coUettion, and a longer day given for the payment of the tenth: (2) And how the King Jhould be anfwered of the tenth for the time of vacation of every benefice and fpiritual promotion, and that the patents of the coUettion of tenths, Jhould be good only during the incumbency of the grantors; as in the fame att more at large is contained.

XV.	And where alfo in the fecond fejfion of parliament of our late t Mar. feiT.i, fovereign lady Queen Mary, your Majefiys dearejl fifier, holden atc*xo-Weftminfter in the firjl year of her reign, one att was made and ejlabtijbedy whereby fim power and authority was given and appointed unto her Highnefs, at her wiU and pleafure to alter, change, unite, tranfpofe, dijfotve or determine, as well the faid court of firfi-fruits.

and tenths, as the court of augmentations of the revenues of tie King's

crown, and other courts therein exprejfed, and to reduce the fame

courts, or any of them, into one, two, or more court or courts, or to

unite and annex the faid courts or any two or more of them together,

or to any other of her Mdjefifs courts of record, as to her it

Jhould be thought mojl convenient and bejl\ for the better, fure and

more fpeedy anfwering of her yearly revenues, cajualties, and profits,

then anfwerable in the laid courts, or any of them, as in the fame att

more at large is exprejfed: (2) by vigour and authority of which att. Queen Mary

the faid late Queen by her Grace'sfour feveral letters patents, whereof dmolved the

two bear date the three and twentieth lay of January in the firjl year

of her reign, and the other two, the four andtwentieth ofJanuary in the mentations^

fame year, did not only dijfolve, determine and extinguijh thefaid courts,	a

commonly called and entituledy The court of the augmentations and

and annexed them to the Exchequer*

*6 & 8* c. 3.

Queen Mary’s zealous, but not politick refpeft.

By the ftatute mades&iPh' 6c M. c. 4. the

Anno primo Elizabeth-® c.4.	[1558.

revenues of the King’s crown, and the court of the firft-fruits and tenths, and the jurifdiChon and authority thereof \ (3) but atfo did unitey tranfpofe and annex the faid courts of augmentation and revenues of the King's crown, and of the firfi-fruits and tenths fo dijfol-vedy to the court of the exchequer, there to be and continue as a menkt her and parcel of the fame court of the exchequer; (4) anddidappoint all and fingular the revehues9 cafualtieSy profits and hereditamentr then anjwerable in the faid courtSy to the order, rule, furvey and governance of the faid court of the exchequer, there to be anfwered and accounted for every in fuch ordery manner and form, at in the faid Utters patentSy and in two fcbeduks unto the jaid Utters patents an-nexedy is mentioned and declaredy as by the tenor and purport of the faid Utters patents and fcheduUs ftgned with her Hignefs bandy more plainly may appear.

XVI.	By reafon of all which faid premijfesy not only the faid perpetual revenues of the firfi fruits and tenths granted by the faid aCt in the twenty fixth year of the reign of your Highnefs mojl noble fa-thery in augmentation and maintenance of the crown of this reabn9 but alfo the tenths andyearfy rents referued nomine decimae, by any Utters patents of your faid nobU father, fttbence the faid fix and twentieth year of his reign, and of'your faildear eft brother andfijlery or of any of them, made to any bijhop and hh fuccefforSy or to any cathedral churchy dean and chapter, college or any other ecclefiafiical and fpirifual perfon or perfons, or corporations, and their jucceffors for ever\ (2) and alfo all and every the rents, revenues, ijjues and profits of all and fingular retimes, parfonages and benefices impropriate, gUbe lands, tithes, oblations, penfeons, portions and other profits and emoluments ecclefiafiical and fbiritual to the fame belonging, being tn the hands and pojfejjton of your Jaid dearejl fifter, at the faid four and twentieth day of]anuary, were ordered, anfwerable and accountedfor in thefaid court of the exchequer, and were therein well and jujily anfwered and paid unto her Highnefs ufe and behoof, like as the fame had been unto the faid two noble Kings her faid father and brother by the fpace of twenty years, without grief or contradiction of the prelates and clergy of the realm, to the great aid,. relief and Jupportation of the ineftimable charges of the crown of tins realm, which daily fince the time of the making of the faid firfi aft Joave increqfed and grown more and more.

XVII.	IVhich thing although the faid late §>ueen might and did manifefily feel and perceive to be mojl true, yet Jhe upon certain zealous and inconvenient refpeCts, not fufficiently nor politickly enough weighing that matter, nor having due confederation and regard to the. maintenance and upholding, and good continuance of the ejlate of the imperial crown of this realm in fuccejfm, which rather needed an augmentation, than any diminution, procured and willed an ad of parliament to be made and provided in the fecond and third years of the reign of King Philip her late hujband and her. That all payments of thefaidfirfi fruits Jhould from thenceforth ceafe and be clearly extinct and determined for ever: (2} And that as well all the faid benefices and fpiritual promotions, as the poffffors, owners and incumbents thereof, and their fuccejfors, Jhould from and after the eighth

day

155®-]	Anno	primo	Elizabeths	c.4.

day of Auguft in the faid fecond and third years, and fo from thenceforth at all times for ever, be clearly exonerate, acquitted and dif-charged againjl the faid late King Philip and Queen Mary, her heirs and fuccejfors, of and from the payment and payments of ail and every the faid firft-fruits, m as ample and large manner ana form, as they were before the making of the faid aft of the fir (I ana original grant thereof in the faid fix and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King your noble father, and as though tie fame pad never been had ne made.

XVIII.	And further, That neither the faid perpetual penfion, annual rent or tenth, granted by the faid firft aft of the fix and twentieth year of the faid noble King Henry, nor alfo the faid feveral annual rents or tenths referved nomine decimas by and upon the find feveral letters patents of the faid late King and Queen, made to Jpi-ritual per fens and corporations, as is aforefaid, or any of them, from and after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel then laft paft,jhould any more be paid or payable unto the faid late King Philip and Queen Mary, her heirs or JucceJfors\ (2) but that as well all the faid arcb-bijhopricks, bijhopricks, and other benefices, dignities, deans and chapters, colleges, corporations and fpiritual promotions aforefaid, as alfo the poffejfors, owners, proprietaries and incumbents of the fame, and their Jucceffors, from and after the faid feaft of St. Michael the archangel, Jbould be clearly exonerate, acquitted and difcharged of and from the payment thereof, againft them and the heirs and fuccejfors of the fame late Queenfor ever.

XIX.	And furthermore. That thefaid late King Philip and Queen Mary, her heirs and fuccejfors, from and after the faid feaft cf St. Michael the archangel, Jbould not receive, perceive, take ana enjoy any the ijfues, revenues, profits or commodities of the faid reftories, parfonages, benefices, glebe lands, tithes, oblations, penfions, portions ana otherfprofits and emoluments ecclefiaftical and fpiritual aforefaid or of any of them, or of the reverjion or reverfions of them or any of them: (2) but in and by the Jaid aft the fame late King and Queen clearly gave over, renounced and relinquijbed, as well the faid reftories, parfonages, benefices, glebe lands, tithes, oblations, penfions, portions and other profits and emoluments ecclefiaftical and fpiritual a-forefaid and every of them, and the reverjion and reverfions of them and every of them, and all their right, title, ufe, inter ft and demand of, tn or to the fame, from them and the heirs and Jucceffors of the faid late Queen for ever, as alfo the faid perpetual penfton, annual rent and tenth, and alfo the faid yearly rents referved nomine decimae upon the faid feveral letters patents, and all their right, title and intereft xvbich they or either of them, or the heirs or fuccejfors of the faid late Queen, had or might have had in or to the fame.

XX.	Thejame yearly penfion, tenths, yearly rents, parfonages, e-jncluments and profits to be perceived, taken, received, counted, employed, ufed and dtfpofed h the late reverend father in God Reginald Pool, bate cardinal and legate, and fuch other perfons as he Jbould name and appoint, and fuch other as were fpeciaUy limited in the faid aft, to and for certain ufes, purpofes and intents mentioned in the fame aft, with divers provifiens and e fimng in the fame exprejfed and contained, as by the fame more at large appeareth•

Voi. VI.	K	XXL	TVe

I29

fir ft-fruits and tenths ceafed*

if* Cm $•

ijo	Anno primo Elizabeths c. 4;	[1558.

XXI.	We your faid humble and obedient fubjefts, the lords fpiri~ tualand temporal and commons in this your prefent parliament ajj'em-• . bled, calling to our remembrance the huge innumerable and ineftima-. ble charges of the royal eftate and imperial crown of this realm, and . hfriv the fame is left unto your Majejly at this your firjl entry thereunto9 greatly diminijhed, as well by reafon ofthe faid aft made in the i %8c % Pb.&M* faidfecond and third years of the faid King Philip and Sjhieen Mary, !

as otherwife, do conceive at the bottom of our heart 's great forrow and 1 . heavitsefs, as fubjefts careful for their natural and liege fovereign lady, upofi whom dependtth the furety, wordly joy and wealth of us ally (2) and being no lefs affeftea towards your Majejly's mojt royal perfon,

. and the prefervation and maintenance of the fame, and ofthe efate and fuccejfton of your Majejlys faid crown, than were the firjl grantors of , the faid frjl-fruits and tenths towards your Highnefs mojt noble father, t ana his find royal efiate, at the time of their faid grant thereof to him x made, do account of very right and good congruence no lefs than our „mofi bounden duty, to move your Highnefs, and therewith do molt . humbly befeech the fame, that the great difherifon and decay , committed and done to the crown, and eftate royal of this yopr % realm, and the fucceffion thereof, by reafon of the faid ajft _ made in the faid fecond and third years of the reign of the fajd \ King Philip and Queen [Mary, may at this prefent parliament , be reformed and avoided, and that with your Highnefs. favour and royal alTent, it may be enafted, ordained,, eftablilhec} aqd . provided by authority of this parliament, in manner and form hereafter enfuing:

A repeal ofthe	XXII. That is to fay. That the faid a ft made in the fecond

mk 3 » an^ y?ars the rc*gn of the faid late King Philip arid rh. & M.c. 4: Qpeen Mary, and all articles, claufes and fentences therein contained, (hall be from and after the firft day of this prefent parliament utterly and clearly repealed, made void, and .of no force ne effeft; (2) and all authorities and liberties granted, limited and appointed in and by the faid aft to the faid late cardinal Pool, or made or derived, by force, ftrength or colour of the fame aft, by or from the faid late cardinal, to any other . perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to ceafe and be Thefirft-fruits utterly void and determined: (3) and that the faid firft-fruits, revived. and all payments thereof, from and after the faid firft day of this parliament (hall be revived, and have their being and con-. tinuance again, and be deemed and adjudged to all intents, con-ftruftions and purpofes, in the Queen.s highnefs mod royal ' i perfon, her heirs and fucceflors, and united and annexed to the imperial crown o^ this realm, of and in fuch like and the fame .^eftate, intereft, title, quality, fort, degree and condition, and 1 In as ample and beneficial manner and form, as the fame was or were in the perfon and polleffion of tlys faid late Queen Mary, at and before the faid eighth day of Augufi, in the faid aft of ex-tinguifhment mentioned and e^preffed; the fame aft of'extin-guiftunent, or any letters patents, or any other matter or thing .had, done or fuffered by the faid late Queen to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding*

/XXIII. And

155&*"]	Anncrprimo	Elizabeth.®. c.4.	iji

XXIII.	And alfo that as well fo much of the faid perpetual The tenths re-and annual tenth and penfion granted by the faid aft made in Jents reserved the faid twenty-fixth year of the reign of the faid, late King upon patents Henry the Eighth, as alfo fo much of the faid yearly rents re- and promo-ferved upon the faid feveral letters patents nomine Decima; (2) dons ecclefi-and alfo fo many of the faid redories, parfonages and benefices g c impropriate, glebe lands, tithes, oblations, penfions, portions 20	*

and other profits and emoluments, ecclefiaftical and fpiritual a-forefaid, and the reverfion and reverfions thereof, and all rents, emoluments and profits incident to the fame, as were in the hands and pofleffion of the faid late Queen Mary^ at and before the faid eighth day of Auguji^ (hall from the feaft of St. Aficbael the archangel laft pail be veiled, adjudged and deemed, actually and really in the feifin and pofleflion of our faid fovereign lady .Queen Elizabeth, her heirs and fuccefiors, to all intents, con-ftrudions and purpofes, of and in fuch like and the fame-eftate, intereft, order, degree, quality, fort and condition, and as fully, wholly, largely and beneficially, as the fame were in the feifin and pofiefiion of the faid late Queen Maryy at and before the fame eighth day of Auguji: (3) and that as well the faid firft-fruits and tenths, and the order thereof, as alfo the faid annual rents referred nomine Decima, and the faid redories, parfonages, benefices, glebe lands, tithes, oblations, penfions, portions and other profits and emoluments, ecclefiaftical and fpiritual a-forefaid, and every of them, and the reverfion and reverfions of them, and of all rents and profits unto the fame or any of them incident or belonging, (hall be within the faid order, furvey, rule and governance of the faid court of the exchequer, in every degree, fort and condition, as they w?re at and before the faid eighth day of Auguji; the faid ad made in the faid fecond an j third years, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXIV.	And that fo much of all and evenr the faid ads and The before ftatutes firft recited, or of any other ad or jtatute touching or rehearfed fta-concerning the order, levying, true anfwering and payment, ortute revivcd. qualification of the faid firft-fruits and tenths, and of the faid redories, parfonages and benefices impropriate, and of the rents, revenues, emoluments and profits thereof, and of all other the premifies, - and alfo the charge, difcharge or alteration of them

or any of them, or any iqatter or thing in any wife founding or tending thereunto, which were (landing and being in force, ef-	!

fed and unrepealed, at and before the faid eighth day of Auguji (except only the faid ads of the eredions of the courts of augmentations, and firft-fruits and tenths) (hall be, remain and continue in their foil and perfed ftrengths and forces, and be obferved and put in due execution, according to the tenours and purports of the fame and every of them.

XXV.	And that -the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccef- The Queen fors, by authority of this prefent parliament, (hall from the faid A»ll havc th® firft day of this prefent parliament have, hold, poflefs and en- vicarages be-joy for ever, theadvowfons, gifts and patronages of nil vicarages lending to ~

K2	be-	reftonesj&c.

x^2	Anno	primo ElizabetHA. C.4*	[155$.

belonging or incident to any of the faid redories and parfonages impropriate, in the fame fort, quality, condition and degree, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame were in the perfon and pofleflion of the (aid late Queen Mary, at and before the ^ faid eighth day of Augufi\ any thing or alt done by the fame' late cardinal, or any grant or grants by letters patents made by the faid late Queen Mary, of the faid advowfons and patronages or any of them, to any ecclefiaftical or fpiritual perfon or perfons, or any fpiritual corporation, to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding:	'

A faying o€ XXVI. Saving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies others politick and corporate, and their heirs, executors, fucccflbrs and afllgns and every of them, (other than fuch perfons as be mentioned and named in any letters patents made by the faid Queen Mary the faid eighth day oiAuguft, or at any time fit hence, or claiming only by or under the authority and ftrength of the fame ad or letters patents or any of them) all fuch nght, title, intereft, eftate, offices, leafes, grants, annuities, penfions, fees, corodies, rents and other yearly profits and commodities, as they or any of them ought or (hould have had, perceived or enjoyed, of, in or by reafon of any the parfonages, redories or of any other the premifles, in cafe the faid former ad now repealed, and this prefent ad of repeal, had never been had ne made: any thing in the fame ads or either of them contained or founds ing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

How Penfions XXVII. And oe it further enaded by the authority afore-fiiall be paid, faid. That from and after the faid feaft or St. Michael the archangel laft paft, and fo from thenceforth from time to time, the faid penfions, annuities, rents, corrodies, fees and other yearly payments, (hall be paid and payable only by our faid fove-reign Lady, her heirs and fuccefibrs, at the receipt of the exchequer,. or in fuch other places, as the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccefibrs (hall appoint, to all and every perfon and perfons that ought to have and enjoy the fame, in fuch fort, order and form, as the fame (hould or ought to have been paid and payable, in cafe the faid ad now repealed had never been had ne made; any thing therein, or elfe in this ad contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding*

Hiey that	XXVIII. And be it further enaded by authority aforefaid,

WWi£TeY That all and Angular incumbents, proprietaries, tenants, far-S^aUpa/* mers> lefiees and occupiers of the premifles or any part thereof, the fame t<> their heirs, executors and afligns, which the faid nrft day of this the Qjiceiu prefent parliament were behind, or in any arrearages of and with the rents, farms, tenths or other revenues, profits or duties, by them or any of them due and payable, for or by reafon of the premifles or any of them, (hall and may be by the authority of this ad feverally chargeable, accountable and anfwerable to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, in and at the faid court of the exchequer, of and for the feme arrearages and duties as other accomptants be and (hall be in the fame court $ any thing in the faid ad now repealed, in this ad, or any

other

1558.] Anno primo Elizabeths, c.4.	133

other matter or caufe to the contrary thereof, In any wife not- • & jPh.&M. withstanding.	c*

XXIX.	And yet neverthdefs the Queen’s moft excellent vicarages act majefty, at the humble requeft of her fiud fubjedts, of her a- e*«*d»gx.lL bundant grace and bountifulnefs, is pleafed ana contented that

it be enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and lingular vicarages not exceeding the yearly value of ten pounds, alter the rate and value upon the records and books of the rates and values for the firft-miits and tenths now remaining in the exchequer, or that Shall hereafter come and remain in the fame court; and alfo all and lingular parlbnage* not exceeding the pnr^f_rf' yearly value of ten marks, after the like rate and valuation, not exceeding and the incumbents thereof and of every of them, their execu- mark* tors, administrators, fiicceflors and fureties and every of them, JfFL1* from die laid fcaft of St. Michael the archangel lall pall. Shall be free and clearly discharged and acquitted for ever againft the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, of and from the laid firft-fruits; any thing in the fiud adt of firft-fruita and tenths, made in the fiud & and twentieth year of the reign of the Said late King Henry the Eighth, or in this ad of repeal, »6H. a. c. j. or any other adt or adts before recited, to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

XXX.	Provided always, and be It enadted by die authority The charge of aforefaid, That if any incumbent of any Such promotion fpi- theincumbent ritual as is aforefiud, charged or chargeable to ti\C payment of

the Said firft-fruits, happen to live to the end of one half year ^ the avoid.' next after the laft avoichmce of the fame promotion Spiritual, fo ance. as he hath received, or without fraud or covin might lawfully have received or enjoyed, the rents or profits of that half year, and before die end of the other half year then next following Shall happen to die, or to be lawfully evidted, removed or put from the fiud promotion Spiritual, by judgment in any addon at the common law, without fraud or covin, that then every Such incumbent, his heirs, executors, administrators and fineries. Shall be charged and chargeable but only with the fourth part of thefirft-miits due to be paid for fueh his promotion, and with no more of the fiud firft-fruits; any thing in this adt contained, or any bond or writing to be made for the payment of the faid firft-fruits, or any other matter or caufe to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI.	And if Shall happen any fuch incumbent to live by Hi* charge the fpace of one whole year next after the laft avoidance of the which liveth a fame Spiritual promotion, and after before the end of one half ***** year then next following Shall fortune to die, or to be lawfully

evidted, removed or put from the faid .promotion Spiritual, by judgrfient in any addon at the common law, without fraud or covin; that then every fuch incumbent, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and fureties Shall be charged and Chargeable but only with the moiety and one half of the firft-fruits due to be paid for fuch his promotion fpiritual, and with no more of the Same firft-fruits; any thing in this adt contained, or any

K 3	bond

Anno prifflo Elizabeth m. c.4.	[1558.

belonging or incident to any of the faid reftories and parfonages impropriate, in the fame fort, quality, condition and degree, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame were in the perfon and pofleflion of the feid late Queen Mary., at and before thefaid eighth day of Augujl; any thing or aft done by the feme late | cardinal, or any grant or grants by letters patents made by the ! faid late Queen Mary, of the faid advowfons and patronages or any of them, to any ecclefiaftical or fpiritual perfon or perfons, or any fpiritual corporation, to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding:

XXVI.	Saving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, and their heirs, executors, fucceflbrs and afligns and every of them, (other than fuch perfons as be mentioned and named in any letters patents made by the faid Queen AfiJry the laid eighth day of Auguft, or at any timefithence, or claiming only by or under the authority and ftnength of the feme aft or letters patents or any of them) all fuch right, title, intereft, eftate, offices, leafes, grants, annuities, penfions, fees, corodies, rents and other yearly profits and commodities, as they or any of them ought or (hould have had, perceived or enjoyed, of, in or by reaion of any the parfonages, reftories or of any other the premifles, in cafe the faid former aft now repealed, and this prefent aft of repeal, had never been had ne made: any thing in the fame afts or either of them contained or found-*

. ing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

How Penfions XXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-fiull be paid, faid. That from and after the faid feaft or St. Michael the archangel laft paft, and fo from thenceforth from time to time, the feia penfions, annuities, rents, corrodies, fees and other yearly payments, fhall be paid and payable only by our faid fove-reign Lady, her heirs and fucceflbrs, at the receipt of the exchequer,. or in fiich other places, as the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs fhall appoint, to all and every perfon and perfons that ought to have and enjoy the fame, m fuch fort, order and form, as the fame (hould or ought to have been paid and payable, in cafe the faid aft now repealed had never been had ne made; any thing therein, or elfe in this aft contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding*

They that XXVIII. And be it further enafted by authority aforefaid, wereinarrea- That all and Angular incumbents, proprietaries, tenants, far-&?!hall pay mer*» leffees and occupiers of the premifles or any part thereof, the lame to their heirs, executors and afligns, which the faid nrft day of this the Qjicen. prefent parliament were behind, or in any arrearages of and with the rents, farms, tenths or other revenues, profits or duties, by them or any of them due and payable, for or by regfon of the premifles or any of them, fhall and may be by the authority of this aft feverally chargeable, accountable and anfwerable to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, in and at the feid court of the exchequer, of and for the fame arrearages and duties as other accomptants be and fhall be in die feme court} any thing in the feid aft now repealed, in this aft, or any

other

tyt

A faving of the right of others.

1558O Anno primo Elizabethm. c.4.	133

other matter or caufe to the contrary thereof, in any wife not- * & jPh.&M. withftanding.	c* ♦*

XXIX.	And yet neverthdefs the Queen’s moil excellent vicarage* not majefty, at the humble requeft of her faid fubjeds, of her a- exceeding x.li. bundant grace and bountifulnefs, is pleafed ana contented that

it be enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and Angular ” vicarages not exceeding the yearly value of ten pounds, after the rate and value upon the records and bodes of the rates and values for the firft-miits and tenths now remaining in the exchequer, or that (hall hereafter come and remain in the fame court} and alfo all and Angular parlbnages not exceeding the pufonages' yearly value of ten marks, after the like rate and valuation, not exceeding and the incumbents thereof and of every of them, their execu- ten mark* tors, adminiftrators, fucceAbrs and fureties and every of them, ffW,1” from the Add fcaft of St. Mkbatl the archangel laft paft, (hall be free and dearlv difeharged and acquitted for ever againft the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceAbrs, of and from, the laid firft-fruits; any thine in the Aud ad of ftrft-fruits and tenths, made in the faid & and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, or in this ad of repeal, »6 H. *. c. j. or any other ad or ads before recited, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority The charge of

aforefaid, That if any incumbent of any fuch promotion fpi- theincumbent ritual as is aforefaid, charged or chargeable to the payment of	“ war af-

the faid Arft-fruits, happen to live to the end of one half year	the avoid-*

next after the laft avoidance of die fame promotion fpiritual, fo anc^.

as he hath received, or without fraud or covin might lawrally have received or enjoyed, the rents or proAts of that half year, and before the end of die other half year then next following (hall happen to die, or to be lawfully evided, removed or put from the faid promotion fpiritual, by judgment in any adion at the cqmmon law, without fraud or covin, that then every fuch incumbent, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and Autries, (hall be charged and chargeable but only with the ' fourth part of the Arft-fruits due to be paid for foeh his promotion, and with no more of the feid Arft-fruits} any thing in this ad contained, or any bond or writing to be made for the payment of the Aud Arft-fruits, or. any other matter or caufe to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXI.	And if Aiall happen any fuch incumbent to live by m, charge the fpace of one whole year next after the laft avoidance of the which liveth a fame fpiritual promotion, and after before the end of one half ^ole ywi year then next following fhall fortune to die, or to be lawfully te* evided, removed Qr put from the Add promotion fpiritual, by judgdient in any adion at the common law, without fraud or

conn; that then every fuch incumbent, his heirs, executors, adminiftntors and fureties fhall be charged and Chargeable but only with the moiety and one half of the Arft-fruits due to be paid for fuch Ids promotion fpiritual, and with no more of the fame Arft-fruits ; any thing in this ad contained, or any

K3	ben*

m

him which liveth two whole years after, &c.

Anno primo Elizabeths, c.4.	[1558-

bond or writing obligatory to be made for the payment of the . fame firft-fruits, or any other matter or caufe to the contrary notwithftanding.

' XXXII. And if it (hall happen any fuch incumbent to live him wh!c|e0* to the end of one whole year and an half next after the laft liveth a year avoidance of fuch promotion fpiritual, and after and before the and a half,&c. end of fix months then next following (hall fortune to die, or to be lawfully evicted, removed or put from the faid promotion fpiritual, by judgment in any aftion at the common law, without fraud or covin; that then every fuch incumbent, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and fureties, (hall be charged and chargeable but only with three parts of the firft-fruits of the fame promotion fpiritual, in four parts to be divided, and with no more; 'any thing in this aft contained, or any bond or writing obligatory had or made for the payment of the faid firft-fruits, or any otner matter or caufe to the contrary notwithftanding.

The charge of XXXIII. And if it (hall happen any fuch incumbent to live to the end of two whole years next after the laft avoidance of the fame his promotion fpiritual, and not to be lawfully evicted, removed, or put from the fame promotion fpiritual as is aforefaid, that then fuch incumbent, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and fureties, (hall content and pay to our faid fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs and fuccefiors, the whole firft-fruits due to be paid for the fame promotion fpiritual, according to the eftatute aforefaid.

XXXIV. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That all grants, to the univer- immunities and liberties given to the univerfities of Cambridge fities or the and Oxford, or to any..college or hall in either of the faid univerfities, and to the colleges of Eaton and Winchefter, and unto every or any of them, by our late fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, or any other or the Queen’s highnefs progenitors or predeceflbrs, or by aft of parliament, for or touching the re-lcafe or difeharge of the faid firft-fruits and tenths, or any part, thereof, (hall be always and remain in their full ftrength and virtue: (2) And that all fuch lawful conveyances and aflurances ip the law as were had or made before the making of this aft, to either of the faid univerfities of Oxford. or Cambridge, or to. any college or hall within any* of them, by what name or names foever they or any of them be incorporated or named, of any of the faid parfonages or benefices impropriate, or of any. part of the fame, or of any patronages, for the maintenance of ftu-dents or learning, (hall be as good and.effeftual in the law to all intents, conftruftions and purpofes, as though this, aft had never been made.

The chapel of XXXV, And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* St. George in That the dean and canons of the free chapel of St. George the Windfor. martyr, within the caftle of Wtndfor, and. all tfia poffefljuons.

and hereditaments of the fame free chapel, dcanry and canons* by whatfoever name or names they be incorporated or known* (hall be exonerated, and (hall ftand for ever difchaijged-of the tenths, and, firft-fruits befQre mentiqM * any t^ing m>^

QV

Grants made

colleges in them, and to Eaton and . Winchefter colleges.

i£58»] Anno primo Elizabeth, c.4.,	135

or any other aft or ftatute before mentioned, to the contrary thereof in any wife notWitHftanding.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That all leafes Leafes fyr made before the xx. day of December laft paft, for xxi. years, or years, or three three lives at the molt, by any peffon or perfons, bodies poli- “ves*

tick or corporate, being lawfully feized of or in any of the faid parfonages impropriate, or of or in any other the premifles, wont commonly to be let or fet to ferm, then being out of leafe,' or whereof there was not, at the time of the making of the faid Ieafe or leafes, any former leafe to endure above one year then to come at the molt, and upon which new leafe or leafes* the old yearly rent accuftomarify Wont to be paid for the fame, by the fpace of twenty years laft paft before the making of luch leafe or leafes, or more yearly rent is referved and payable during the faid term; and all other lawful grants by Grants of of-them or any of them heretofore made of any office or offices in old time wont commonly to be granted; and all gifts and grants ^ gran e * of any parfonage or parfonages impropriate, heretofore belonging to the archdeaconry of Wells in the county of -Somerfet, or to the incumbent of the fame office or dignity, or to the incumbent of the fame lately given and reftored, (hall be as good and effeftual in the law, as though this aft, or any thing contained therein, had not been had or made.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted by'the authority afore- xhc archdea-faid, That the faid archdeaconry, and all reftories and fpiritual con of Wells promotions given, afligned, limited or appointed to the fame, charged with and all and every incumbent and incumbents which hereafter

lhall be prefented, collated, preferred and admitted unto the faid ” " rtu archdeaconry, and the reftories and fpiritual promotions thereunto limited and appointed, oi' appertaining and belonging,

(hall ftand, remain, and be charged and chargeable with the payment of the firft-fruits and tenths for the fame to the Queen’s nighnefs, her heirs and fucceilors, in fuch like manner and form as other fpiritual promotions, and the incumbents of the fame, be and (hall be charged and chargeable by this aft, or by any other aft or ftatute before fpecified.

XXXVIII.	Provided al ways, and be it further enafted by the The benefices, authority aforefaid. That fo many of the faid reftories, parfon- See. which ages ana benefices impropriate, glebe lands, tithes, oblations, were within penlions, portions, and other profits and emoluments eccleliaffi- duchy° cal and fpiritual, and every of them, and the reverfion and re- COUrt (hall fo verlions of them, and all rents and profits unto the fame or any continue.

of them incident or belonging, as were at and before the faia eighth day of Augufl in the hands and pofleffions of the faid late Queen M$ryt and within the furvey, rule and order of the court of the duchy of LancaJUry (hall be again within the order, furvey, rule and government of the laid court, in fuch and the lame manner anaform to all intents and purpofes, as they were at and before the faid eighth day of Auguft in the faid fecond and third years of the reign of tfye faid late King and'Queen \ any thing in this aft, or in the faid aft of the fame late King and , * ‘	'	•	K4	'■	‘	"Queen,

Anno primo Elizabeths, c.5,—8.	[1558.	1

Queen, to the contrary thereof in any thing notwithftand- j ing.

They which XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the ** Pr1frc*^d authority of this parliament. That no perfon or performs pre-SaU com?** fented, inftituted or induced, at any time fithence the firft day pound for of this prefent parliament, or that (hall be prefented, inftituted their hrft- or inducted, on this fide of the feaft of the nativity of Saint thUife^ofs	next coming, to any the faid fpiritual or ecclefiafti-

TohnBaptift!" cal promotions chargeable to or with the payment of the firft-F * fruits, or one year's profits of fuch promotion, (hall incur any penalty or forfeiture by entering into any of the faid fpiritual or ecclefiaftical promotions, or by taking the profits thereof, fof the non-payment or not compounding of or for the firft-fruits thereof, fothat he or any other for him, (hall or do compound for the fame firft-fruits, according to the true meaning of the ftatute, before the faid feaft of the nativity of St. Jahn Baptiji; any thing in this a6t contained to the contrary notwithftand-

. I

The revenues XL. Provided alfo. That this aft, nor any thing therein d°f^!ta\S containe<l> (hall not in any wife extend to charge any fijfpital sAnn?c!Vi. funded and ufed, and the pofieffipns thereof employed, to and

5	Ann! c. 14. for the relief of poor people, or any fchool or fchools, or the

6	Ann. c. *7. pofleflions or revenues of them or any of them, with the pay-

s Geo. i.c. 10. jnent of any tenths or firft-fruits ; any thing in this aft before 3 Geo. 1. c. io*	x,o the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. V.

If any perfon (hall compafs or imagine to deprive the queen or the heirs of her body to be begotten, being King or Queen of this realm, from the (tile or kingly name of the crown of this realm: Or to deftroy the Queen or any the heirs of her body, being King or Queen: Or to levy war againft the Queen, or any the heirs of her tody within her dominions : Or to depole the Queen or any of the heirs or b$r body, fife. from the imperial crown of this realm, and the fame imaginations (hall utter by open words, Or (hall publifti, and direftly fay. That the Queen, during her life is not, or ought not to be Queen: Or that after her death, the heirs of her body ought not to be King or Queen : Or that any other perfon ought to be lung or Queen, fo long as any of the heirs of her body (hall be in life: Then fuch offender (hall forfeit to the Qtieen all his goods and chattels, and the profits of his lands during his life. And if any perfon or perfons (hall by writing, printing, overt-deed or aft, commit any of the offences aforefaid, it (hall be adjudged high treafon. EXP.

CAP. VI.

The penalty mentioned in the ftatute of 1 & % P. k M. c. 3. for fpeaking falfe (lanaerous news of the King or Qneen, or for committing any of the offences exprefled in the faid aft, ihall be expounded tq extend to the Queen that now is, and to the heirs of her toay. £Xf.

CAP* VII.

A reviver of the ftatute of *3 H. 2. c. 16. making it felony to fell, exchange or deliver within Scotland, or to the ufe of any $cotti finnan,	1

any horfe. Repealed by 4 Jac. 1. c. 1.

CAP. VIIL

A revivor of the ftatute of 5 & 6 Ed. c, 15. limiting what perfons (and

for

1558.] Anno primo Elizabeths, c.9,—ii.	137

for what purpofes) may buy and ingrofs tanned leather, and fell the fame again, and who not. And a repeal of the ftatute of 1 M. feff. j. c. 8. touching cuftifrs, (hoemaken, &c. The currier (hall deliver to the fhoemaker the leather curried which he received, within five days in fummer, and ten days in winter, if he may conveniently do it. No (hoe*maker fhall make any (hoes or boots of any neat*-leather mingled, but only of itftlf. REP. 5 Elia. c. 8. and 1 Jac. 1. c. u.

CAP. IX.

No perfon having ten pounds land or rent (hall ufe or have profit by the myftery of tanning of leather, but an apprentice or covenant-fervant brought up in that trade four years 1 Neither (hall any ufe that trade, but in a city, borough, town corporate or market-town where fellers (hall be ufually appointed, unlefs he hath been an apprentice, or a covenant* fervant four years, or the fon and heir, or wife of a tanner. Rawhides, calves (kins, tanned leather red and unwrought, (hall not be bought or fold but in open fair or market. Two pieces called Wombs (hall be cut off of every hide to be converted to (ole-leather, commonly called Backs 1 Both the hackstand womb (hall be brought to fairs and markets to be fold. Searchers and fealers of leather (hall resifter all bargains for leather made in fairs or markets. The ftatute ot s & 3 Ed. 6. c, si, revived. REP. 5 Eliz. c. 8. and 1 Jac. 1. c. as.

CAP.X.

ft (hall be felony to convey, or procure to be conveyed, into any (hip or other veflel, any leather tanned or untanned, or any fait or untanned bides, or any backs of fole-leather, or any tallow, to the intent to tranfport the fame over the fca, to be fold by way of merchandise.

REP. 18BHZ. c.9.

CAP. XI.

4n att limiting the time for laying on land merchandizes from beyond the feas, and touching cuftoms for fweet wines.

MOST humblyJbewing befeechenyour Hxghnefs,jourlords and commons in this prefent parliament ajfembki, That where the fums of money paid in the name of cuftmsani fubftdies of wares and merchandizes^ tranfported out, and brought into this your Uighnefi realm of England, by any merchant fir anger or denizen, is an ancient revenue annexed and united to your imperial crown5 (2) and hath in s^end caufes the time of King Edward the Third, and other your moft noble pro- Qf the dimi-genitors, amounted to great and notable fums of money, till of late nilhingof the years many greedy and covetous perfons, refpefttng more their private Qs?®11’* cu** gain emd commodity9 than their duty and allegiance, or the commontomi* profit of the realm, have and do daily, as well by conveying the fame their wares or merchandizes out of creeks and places where no cufiomer is refident, as alfo by or through the negligence or corruption of the cufiomer, fearcher or other officer, where they be refident, as by divers other fraudulent, undue and fubtile practices and devices, convey their goods and merchandizes as well broujgbt from the parts beyond the fea, as tranfported out of this your realm of England, without payment or agreeing for the payment of the cuftoms and fubftdies therefore due $

(3)	whereby the yearly revenue aforefaii is very much impaired and dimmjhed. to the gnat lofs and damage of your Highnefs, and to the great burden and charge of your loving fubyefts,wbo by occafion thereof have tf late years been more charged with fubftdies and payment for .	thf

138,	Anno pjimoExi^ABFTH-®. C. i i. .	[?$5$r

the.Jupplementofthe faid lofs and damage, than elfewe Jhrnld have been : No goods (hall II. That it may therefore be enacted by the authority of this |* h Cn T Pre^ent parliament. That it (hall not be lawful to or for any per-but in tf e day- ^on or Per^ons whatfoever, from and after the firft day of Septem-light and m " her next coming to lade or put, or caufe to be laden or put off •pen place, or from any wharf, key or other place on the.land, into any (hip, veflel, crayer, lighter or bottom, any goods, wares or merchandizes whatfoever (fi(h taken by your Highnefs fubjefts only excepted) to be tranfported into any place of the parts beyond the Teas, or into the realm of Scotland ; (2) or to take up, aifcharge and lay on land, or caufe or procure to be taken up or difchar-ged out of any lighter, (hip, crayer, veflel or bottom, being not in a leke or wreck, and laid on land, any goods, wares or merchandizes whatfoever (filh taken by any of your Highnefs fubjefts, and fait only excepted) to be brought from any the parts beyond the fea, or the-realm of Scotland, by way of merchandizes, (3) but only in the day-light; that is to fay, from the firft of March until the laft of September, betwixt fun-rifing and fun-fetting; and from the laft of September until the firft of March, between the hours of feven in the morning and four at the afternoon;

(4)	and in and upon feme fuch open place, key or wharf, places,' kbys or wharfs, as your Highnefs, your heirs or fucceflbrs,Ihall on this fide the fain firft day of September therefore affign and appoint by virtue of your Highnefs commiflion or commifi;on$. Farther provi- within your Graced ports of-London, Southampton, BrijlolyWeft-^hereiQlatm^ chefter<> NewcaflU, and the fuburbs of the fame, and every of 13^14.Car. 1. t^iem » (.5) anc* *n f°me open place, key or wharf, places, keys c. 11. f. 14. or wharfs, in all other ports, creeks, havens or roads' (Hull only excepted) where a cuftomer, comptroller and fearcher of fuch ports, havens, creeks or roads, and every of them or the fervants of any of them, have by the fpace of ten years laft part been accuftomabjy refident, or hereafter (hall be refident; (6) upon, pain of. forfeiture of all fuch goods, wares or merchandtees fo laden or. difeharged contrary to the true meaning of this aft, or the value thereof.

'	'	III.	And ‘be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That no manner of perfon or. perfons after the faid day (hall receive.or take into any (hip, crayer or other veflel, any goods, wares or merchandizes (except before excepted) to be tranf-'	ported	into any place beyond the fea, or into the realm of Scot-

At what times land, by way or merchandize; (2) nor (hall difeharge and lay on and places on- \md out of any (hip, crayer or other veflel, any goods, wares or of a^lpflian merchandizes (except before excepted) being brought from any receive or dif- place beyond the fea, or out of the realm of Scotland\ by way of charge his merchandize, in any other place or. places, or at any other hours loading. or times than is before Ignited and appointed ; (3) upon pain that the ovfnpr and owners, maljer and mafters, or other perfon. or perfons vrhich fl^all take charge or. guiding of any foch (hip, crayer or veflel, or of the merchandize and goods, during and. for that voyage, (hallfprfeit and lofe for every foeh offence c. li. of lawful money of England*

IV. And

1558.] Anno primo Elizabeth-®, c.i 1.	139,

IV.	And be it further enacted by the( .authority aforefaid, A rafter of a That no mailer, Clipper or purfer, or other perfon or perfons n^CetorteC taking charge of the voyage, or of the merchants goods, (hall cuftomer ofhis after the faid day receive or take into any (hip, crayer or other departure, veflel, any goods, wares or merchandife (except before ex-.

cepted) to be carried or tranfported into any of the parts beyond the fea, or into the realm of Scotland, before he (hall have iignified to the cuftomer of the port where he ladeth, and; other officers there, in the open cuftom-houfe, if any fuch be/ there, or elfe where the faid officers, their deputies or fervants,. or any of them, be or (hall be ufually refident, that he intend-. eth to lade, and to what place he intendeth to pars; (2) nor. ihall after his or their full lading depart out of the port, creek, or ftream; where he (hall fo lade, before he do in like manner, iignify unto the cuftomer and other officers, as is aforefaid, of his lading, and what merchants and other perfons ihall-have lading with him, or in his (hip, crayer, veflel or bottom, and further truly to anfwer to fuch queftions as ihall .be mi-.' niftred to him or them by the cuftomer or other officer, concerning fuch wares or merchandifes as lie ihall have laden, being examined upon his or their oath, or otherwife, in the open^ cuftom Roufe or otherwife, as is aforefaid, upon pain tp forfeit, for every fuch default not truly advertifing nor anfwering, as, is aforeiaid, c.li.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That No mailer of* no owner, mailer, purfer or other perfon taking charge of any (bjp (hall dif-ihip, crayer, veflel or bottom, wherein any goods wares or merchandifes (except before excepted) ihall be laden and hatb ccrtified brought from any the parts beyond the fea, or the realm of the cuftom. Scotland, ihall after the faid day difcharge into any lighter or

bottom, and lay on land, or procure, caufe or willingly fuffer to be difcharged into any lighter or bottom, and to be laid on land out of fuch ihip, crayer, veflel or bottom, any goods, wares or merchandize whatfoever, before fuch owner, mailer, purfer or other perfon or perfons taking charge of the (hip, craver, bottom or veflel, or the merchants goods for that voyage, mail have iignified and declared to the cuftomer or other officer of the port, haven or creek, where he arriveth, the names of every, of the merchants or laders, and ihall have truly anfwered to. fuch queftions and interrogatories touching or concerning fuch. goods, wares or merchandizes, as ihall be then laden in any. luch ihip, veflel or bottom, as ihall be to him miniftred by fuch cuftomer or other officer, openly in the cuftom-houfe, or in fuch other places as is aforefaid, upon his or their oath,, if need fo require; (2) upon pain that every fuch. mailer, purfer or other perfon. or perfons taking charge of fuch ihip, crayer: or, other veflel for that voyage, ihall forfeit and lofe for every] foch default not truly advertifing npr anfwering, as is afore- ,

(aid, c. li»

VI.	And be it further enadfaed by the authority aforefaid,,Nomanflian That from and after the faid day, nq perfon denizen ne itranger,

fa take upon Km to enter, or do oil caufe to be‘ entered into tak *

the

140

the owner's name.

5 H. 7. c. 7. x H. 8. c. 5. * & 3 Be C, %%.

The penalty of an officer of the coftom-houfe conceal-ingan offence. 3H. 6. c* 3.

Where a cu-ftomer lhall have a deputy in another place, x H. 4 c. 13. 4 H. 4. c. 10. J3H. 4. c. 5.

Anno primo Elizabeths, c. i i. [i558.

the books of any cuftomer, or any other officer and officers, of any port or haven within this realm, or his or their deputy or deputies, fervant or fervants, any manner of goods, wares or merchandize whatfoever, coming or brought into your Highnefs realm, from any the parts beyond the fea, or front the realm of Scotland, or going or to be tranfported out of the fame your Highnefs realm, into any the parts beyond the lea, or into the realm of Scotland, in the name or names of any other perfon or perfons, than the very true owner or owners of the fame goods, wares or merchandifes, being not fold, bargained or contrafted for, to or with any other peribn or perfons, before fuch entry, or before the arrival of fuch goods, wares or merchandize in the parts beyond the fea, upon pain of forfeiture of the value of the goods 10 entered.'

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any wharfenger, crane-keeper, fearcher, lighterman, weigher or other officer, pertaining to the fubfidy, cuftom or ciiftom-houfe, do at any time after the faid day confent or know any offence or thing to be committed or done contrary to the true meaning of this aft, or any article therein contained, and do not within one month next after knowledge thereof had, difclofe the fame to the chief cuftomer or other officer of the port where or within whofe office or charge any fiich offence fhall be committed* or done, or elfe to the lord trea-furer, chancellor, under-treafurer or one of the barons of the exchequer, or the attorney general for the time being, (hall, for every fuch concealment, or not difclofing fuch offence, as is aforefaid, forfeit and lofe c. li. of good ana lawful money of England.

VIII.	And be it further enbfted by the authority aforefaid. That the cuftomer of Hull (hall have a fervant or deputy continually refident at the city of York; (2) and every other cuftomer, comptroller and fearcher of every port, (hall from and after the day aforelaid, afiign and appoint to and in every of the places above mentioned, and in all and every port, creek or road, where the fervant, or any of them, have been continually refident by the fpace of ten years, or hereafter (hall be, as is aforefaid, one able and fufficient deputy or fervant at leaft ;

(3)	and that as well all and every of the cuftomers, comptrollers and feathers, as all and every his or their deputy or deputies, fervant and fervants, (hall from time to time do his and their diligent attendance at the hours, times and places afore appointed, as well in the cuftom-houfe, as elfewhere, as it (hall be moft expedient and convenient for the fpeedy dif« patch of the merchant, and his goods, wares and merchandize, and for the due execution of this aft, in (uch things as to him or them fhall appertain, without concealment or confenting to any thing or things which may be to the hurt or damage of your Highnefs, vour heirs or. fuccefiors, in. the iufl anfwering of your Highnefs due cuftoms and fubfidies ; (4) upoo pain that every fuch cuftomer, comptroller and fearcher (hail for-

*	felt

155$.}	Anno primo Elizabeths. c.ii.	14*

feit and lofe for every offence by him or them committed or done, his or their feveral office or offices, an c li. of lawful money of England; the one moiety of all which forfeiture (hall be to your Highnefs, your heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any your Highnefs courts, wherein no eiloin, prote&ion, wager of law or injunction, (hall be admitted and allowed.

IX,	And where of late years there hath been much greater quantity of fweet wines brought into this realm than in time pajl bath been accuftotnedy which have been hlfo brought from the fame place where the wine commonly called malmfey ■ is brought, and is of the fdme nature of grape; and nevertheless, either by negligence, ignorance or corruption of the officers, there hath not been fuch cujlom and fubftdy receivedfor the fame, to theufe ofyour Highnefs and your progenitors, as is due, and ought of very right to be paid, for fuch fweet wines . coming through the Straights, commonly called the Straights ^Mar-rock, otberwife Mallegay, to the great lofs and hindrance of your Highnefs, and the burthen of us your loving fubjefts:

X.	For the avoiding of all ambiguities and doubts, and to Such cuftom the intent the officers may more certainly know what they <hall be paid ought to receive for fuch kind and nature of merchandize, be fw fweet

it enaCted and declared by this prefent aCt, and by the au- won?t» bT** thority aforefaid. That like cuftom and fubfidy is of very right paid for ' to be paid, and (hall from henceforth be paid, for filch fweet malmfics* wines as is aforefaid, 4s is and hath been accuftomed to be paid for malmfies; any negligence, non-payment, ufage or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding: (2) faying to all and every lord-marcher, and other perfon or per-fons whatfoever, body politick and corporate, all and every fuch right, title and intereft, as they or any of them have, ana of right ought to have, in die payment or having of any fran-chife, liberty, cuftom and fubfidy, or any of them; any thing in this aCt to the contrary notwithftanding.	\

XI,	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That it (hall be When com ■ lawful to (hip, lade and tranfport into the ports beyond the maybetranf-fea, all manner of com and grain out of the counties of Nor- Port.e£JLoutj?f folk and Suffolk, and either of them, at fuch places as here- Suffolk. ** tofore hath been accuftomed, and between the hours in this

a& appointed, when the fame com and grain (hall not exceed the feveral prices mentioned in the ftatute made in the fifth and fixth year of our late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, intituled. An aft againjl regrators, forejlallers and engrojfers, the 5 & 6 Ed. d. cuftoms and fubfidies therefore due being well and truly paid; c« »4-any thing in this aCt or any other aCt or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding, 22 Car. 2. c. 11. iW.& M. flat. 1. c. 12.

XII.	Provided always. That this aCt, nor any thing therein a provifo for contained, be not prejudicial or hurtful to the lfle of AngUfey, theinhabi-the (hires of Caemarvan and Flint in North-Wales; but that the tants of An-inhabitants thereof, and every of them, may receive, lade and difebarge, according to their old ancient ufes, cuftoms or liber- narvan.

ties granted to them or any of their predecefiors, by the late

The inconve-niencies entiling the de-

142	"Aitooprimo	ElizabETO/B. c.i?.	T*55&*

King of famous memory. King Henry the Eighth, or any other his progenitors: fo that they and every of them pay the cuftoms and fiibfidies that (hall be due, anddifcharge ana load within the times and hours before-mentioned ; any thing in this pre-Tenf adt to the contrary notwithftanding. 31 EL c. 5. 12 Car. 2. €. 4.

CAP. XII.

An att againft the deceitful ufing of linen doth.

WHERE certain evil-difpofed and deceitfulperfon,f, ufing to buy and itigrofs into their hands great Jlore of linen clothe do ufe ceitlid ufin t0 ce$ ^ pieces of cloth over a beam or piece of timber made for their of linen doth. PurP°fe> do by fundry devices rack, Jlretch and draw the fame both of length and breadth ; and that done, do then with battledoors, 'pieces of timber and woody and other things, fore beat the fame, ever coding thereupon certain deceitful liquors mingled with chalk and other Me things, whereby the faid cloth is not only made to feem much finer and thicker to the eye than it is indeed, but alfo the threads thereof be fo loafed and made weak, that after three or four wafhings it will fcarcely hold together, to the great deceit, hindrance and lofs of the fub-The penalty jefts of this realm: (2) be it therefore enabled by the authority forfbxtching cf this prefent parliament. That if any perfon or perfons, ihall ofli^rdb^. hereafter willingly ufe or caufe to be ufed the aforefaid deceits, or any other adt or adls, mean or means, to, in or with any kind of linen cloth, whereby the fame (hall be deceitful or .worfe to and for the good ufe thereof; that then the faid cloth (hall be forfeited, and the offender therein to be punilhed by one month’s imprifonment at the lead, and (hall pay fuch fine as (hall be affeffed, for his or their offence or offences, by the juftices before fohom he or they (hall be condemned, according to the tenor of this adt.

What juftices II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, roay hear and That all and every the juftices of oyer and determiner, and juf-

ofenSsaiore- ^ces a^lzes 1X1 x^v fefli°ns> and all juftices of peace in faid.	* every county and place of this realm, or three of them at the

lead, whereof one to be of the quorum^ (hall have full power and authority to enquire, hear- and determine the offences aforefoid in their feflions, by information, indidtment, or upon the traverfe of any prefentment dr indidtment' found before the faid juftices or any of them.

In what fort III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

he thatfeizeth That if any perfon or perfons (hall at the next feffions of the clot^anpur- Pcace a^ter	(t0	be kept within the (hire or place

iue his fuit * where the feizure was made, or before two juftices of peace.

againft him. whereof one to be of the quorum) make due information of the offence and of the feizure of the faid cloth; (2) or elfe (hall procure the offenders to be thereof indidted at the faid next feffions after the faid feizure; (3) and (hall alfo be bound before the faid juftices, by recognizance or obligation, to the ufe of the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, in fuch form as the faid juftices or any of them (hall think meet for the greatnefs of the matter, ana to purfue the fame matter with effedt, and to give evidence as of right appertained*, and alfo to pay and

4	give

*5580	'	Annd	prirho	EtIZABETHiffi.	c.12-14.	:!Ui

. give the moiety of all that he or they fhall fo recover and re-f ceive to the fneriff or other accomptant, to the* ufe of the * Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflorsj (4) and the one half of all the forfeitures andjines of and for the prfcmifies to " be unto the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that (half make information., or ' procure indictments of and for the premifles, and (hall follow the fame with effeCt.	,

IV.	.And further, be it ordained ^nd enacted by the authority certificate of . aforefaid, That the iuftices before whom any fuch offence (hall the eftreat into be tried, fliall certify theTame by their eftreat into 'the ex* the exchequer* chequer,’ at th$ leaft yearly Michaelmas^ as they be bound to ^ do other their eftreats\ and upon that certificate, the barons . of the exchequer to have full power and authority to majce procefs for fo much thereof as by this eftatute fhall appertain to the Queen’s majefty, in like manner and form as iney only do for any other fines and amerciaments fo certified before them.

C A P, XIII.

An aft for (hippihg in Englifh bottoms. The ftatute of 5 R.flat. i.Q.,3* EXP -	~	•	rwr-6K#;#c#

t.

_  ? (hipped or.' difcHarged, but iii Rngfifhflrips. Th£re \ ,g	*7*

(hall be no crafting of the fea with any hoy. or plate of an Engli(h:/ubjeft’s. * £*	c ^

t	Ac,, jnay crofs,the feas ax far, as Caen in Normandy; &c. Jn * £j " *

what cafe merchants may ufe' ft rangers (hips. To continue jive years, apd £j 'Q ^ ■ ’■vfrom thence to the end of' the next parliament. In what cafe merchants of 5	•	*	y	•

‘ Briftol may ufe Grangers (hips.

CAP. XIV.

An aft far the continuing the making of woakn clothes in divers towns in the county of Efiex.

Tt/HERfiAS by a certain aft of parliament begun at Wellminfter What perfons VV the twentieth day of January in the fourth andfifth years of the reigns of the late King Philip and ^ueenMzry^ and there ccnti- ^kMland nued till the feventh day of March in the/aidfourth andfifth years of Dedham, may the reigns of the faid late King and Shieen^ amongjlother things it ufe the making

*	was enaftea, That from and after the firfi day of May then next fol- °f <j|oth or lowing, no perfon or perfons whatfoever Jhall ufe or excrcife the feat J^e mfSht

•	or myfiery of making weaving or rowing of woolen clothes, long or have done

Jhorty or kerfies, pinned whites, or plain freights, to the intent, to before the put the fame to fale, but only in a market-town where cloth hath con- ftatute of 4 & 5 tinually been ufed to be made by the fpace of ten years then lajl pajfiy g^^^ft nite or in d city, borough or town corporate, upon pain of forfeiture for 4&5Ph.&M. every fuch woolen cloth or kerfie madey woven or rowed out of fuch c. 5. no doth city, borough, town corporate or market-town^ five pounds:	(hall be made

II.	And where alfo it is provided in the faid aft, That it Jhall be 5° but lawful to any perfon then ujing or exerciftng the feat or myfiery

making, weaving or rowing of cloth or kerfie, to inhabit or dwell where 9 he then did dwells and there to ufe the making, weaving or rowing of cloth or Jierfie as he hath heretofore \ any thing in the faid aft notwitb-Jlaniing.

III.	And where it is further provided ty the faid aft, That it Jhall Tlie mhabi-

, be lawful to ail and every perfon or perfons which then did> or after ^cesmay **

that *

144	Anno	primo	Elizabeths.	0.15*	[1558.

nake cloth that time Jhould inhabit or dwell in any of the Jhires of North Wales out of a mar- or gouth Wales, Chelhire or Lancashire, Weftmorland, Gurnet- own. berland, Northumberland, bijboprid of Durham, Comwal, Suffolk, Kent, the town of Goddelmine in the county of Surrey, or Yorkfhire, being not within twelve miles of the city of York, or in arty of the towns or villages near adjoining to the water of Strowd in the county of Gloucester, where clolhes have been ufuaily made by the fpace of twenty years then lajl paft, and having been an apprentice to the occupation of cloth-making, or ufed the fame by the fpace of feven years, to fet up, ufe and exercife the fiat or myftery of making, weaving or rowing of woolen cloth, out of a city, borough or market-town, as before that time they might have done j any thing in the faid act to the contrary notvnthftanding.

IV.	Andforafntuch as the towns or villages of Booking, Weftbarfold, Dedham and Cockfhall in the county of EfTex, be fair large towns, and as well planted for cloth-making as the find town of Goddelmine or better, and few towns in this realm better planted for that purpofe, and have been inhabited of a long time with cloth-makers, which have made and daily do make good and true cloth, to the great . commonweal of the country there, and nothing prejudicial to* or for the commonwealth of this realm: (2) Be it therefore ordained and enafted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That it fhall be lawful to all and every fuch perfon and perfons which now do inhabit or dwell, or hereafter fhall dwell, in the faid towns or villages of Boding, Weftbarfold, CockJhaU and Dedham, or in any of them, now ufing or exercifing, or that hereafter fhall ufe or exercife the feat or myftery of making, weaving or rowing of cloth or kerfie, by the fpace of feven years at the leaft or have been prentice thereto by the faid fpace of feven years, to inhabit and dwell in the faid towns and villages of Boding, Weftbarfold, Cockjbdtt and Dedham, and in every or any of them, and to ufe the making, weaving or rowing of cloth or kerfie, as before this time they might have done u the faid alt had never been made; any thing in the faid a ft to the contrary thereof made, or any other aft, ftatutc or law heretofore made, or hereafter to be made to the contrary hereof in any wife not-‘Withftanding. 27 EL c. 23.

CAP. XV.

An aS that timber fhall net be felled to nude coals for burning of iron.

What timber- T?OR the avoiding of deftruftion and wafting of timber,"be trees, and X1 it enafted by our fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, the growing in lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent * parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That converted to no perfon or perfons hereafter fhall convert or employ, or caufe fuel for the to be converted or employed to coal or other fuel for the making making of 0f ir0n, aDy timber-tree or timber-trees of oak, beech or afh, or von*	of any part thereof, of the breadth of one foot fquare at the ftub,

and growing within fourteen miles of the fea, or of any part of the rivers of Thames, Severn, Wye, Humber, Dee, Tine, Tecfi, Trent or any other river, creek or ftream, by the which I

carriage

1558.] Anno primo Elizabeths, c. 16,17.	145

carriage is commonly ufed by boat or other vellel to any part .of No wo°d, &c. the fea ; (2) upon pain of forfeiture for every fuch tree, or any ^0 coalV&c* part thereof, fo employed or converted to coal or other fuel for ^ithin°V the making of iron as is aforefaid, forty (hilling of lawful mo- miles of Lon-ney of England; the one half of all which forfeitures to be to don, &c. our fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, and to her heirs and *3 c* 5* fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame by original writ, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efloin, protection, injunction or wager of law (hall be admitted or allowed.

II. Provided always* That this aCt (hall not extend to the To what county of Suffix nor to the weildof Kent* nor to any the parishes (hires or pla-of Charlewood, Newdigate and high in the weild ofthe county of ces feU ftatutt Surrey. (2) This a£t to begin and take effect from and after tend,1*0* the feaft of the nativity of St. John Eaptijl next coming after ' ♦ this felfion of parliament. 27 EL c. 19.

CAP. XVI.

The ftatute made anno i Mar. feiT. %. c. it. again ft unlawful and rebel* lious aflemblies, (hall be continued during the Queen's life, and until the end if the parliament then next following. EXP.

CAP. XVII.

An aft for prefervation of/pawn and fry offifh.

FOR the prefervation hereafter of[pawn, fry and young breed ofTht penalty , eelsxfalmons, pikes, and of all other fifh which heretofore hath taking of been much dejlroyed in rivers and Jlreams fait and frefh within this ^ e ^ realm, infomuch that in divers places they feed Jwtneand dogs with the not feafona-fry and fpawn of fijhx and otherwife, lamentable and horrible io be ble, &c. reported, deftroy the fame, to the great hindrance and decay of the commonwealth: (2) Be it therefore enaCted by the Queen’s molt excellent majefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament a(Tembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon or perfons of what eftate, degree or condition foever he or they be, from and after the firft day of June next coming, with any manner of net, weele, but, taining, kepper, lime, crele, raw, fagnet, trolnet, trimenet, . trimboat, (lalboat, weblijter, feur, lammet, or with any device or engine made of hair, wool, line or canvas 5 (3) or (hall ufe any heling-net or trimboat, or by any other device, engine, cartel, ways or means whatfoever heretofore made or devifed, or hereafter to be made or devifed, (hall take and kill any young brood, fpawn or fry of eels, falmon, pike or pikerel, or of any pther fifh, in any flood gate pipe, at the tail of any mill, wear, or in any (traits,* dreams, brooks, rivers frefh or fait within this realm of England> Wales, Berwick, or the marches thereof; (4) None (hall nor (hall from and after the firft day of June, next coming, by take any fal-any of the ways and means aforefaid, or otherwife 'in any river mon8 or . or place above fpecified, take and kill any falmons or, trouts, not ^^ nQt m being in feafon, being kepper-falmons or keeper-trouts, fh?d-der-falmons or (hedder-trouts.

V01.VL	L

H. And

14*

Anno primo Elizabeths. c.i8.	[1558.

(hillings to the lord of the faid leet, the fame to be levied in manner and form as is abovefaid for the other offences limited and expreffed.

Who may w XI. And it is further enafted by authority aforefaid, That pmii(hthe(aid if the offences above-mentioned touching the taking, kil-be not linS or deftroying of fifh, or fry and fpawn, be not prefented at prerented in the leet where they (hall be committed, within one year next the leet, after the offence committed, that the juftices of peace in their feflions, juftices of oyer and determiner, and juftices of aflife in their feveral circuits, (hall have full power and authority to enquire thereof, and to hear and determine all the offences committed contrary to the tenor of this eftatute.

A faving of XII. Saving always to all and every perfon or p'erfons, bodies the liberties politick and corporate, and every of them, all fuch right, title, of all perfons intereft, claim, privilege and confervation, and enquiry, and to enquul of punifhment of and for any the offences aforefaid, as they or andpunUh any of them lawfully have and enjoy, or of right ought to nave the jaid of- and enjoy, by any manner of means ; any thing in this aft to fences. the contrary notwithftanding. (2) This aft to endure to the ' end of the next parliament.

To what per-	XIII. Provided always. That this aft, nor any thing therein

containecU (hall not extend unto the fifhing of the river or wa-doth not ex- ter of Tweedy (2) nor to any river or water whereof the Queen’s tend.	majefty is anlwered of any yearly rent or profit; (3) nor to the

owners, farmers and occupiers of the rivers of Ujxe or Wye in the county of Monmouth y (4) for any fifli hereafter to be taken in any the rivers or waters before-mentioned and exprefled 5 (5) but tnat it (hall be lawful at all feafonable time and times here-aftep, for fuch as have or (hall have any manner of intereft therein, to take and fifh. the faid rivers and waters, in fuch manner and form as heretofore hath been ufed and accuftomed, not uling any net or engine, to the intent willingly to take, kill and deftroy the fpawn, breed or fry, breeding any kind of filh within the faid feveral rivers or waters; this aft, or any thing therein mentioned or contained to the contrary notwithftanding. Made perpetual, except as to this lajl feftion, by 3 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. XVIII.

The ftatutes made atm %% Hen. 8. c. 7. Anno S3 H. 8. c. 3. Sc 17. Anno »4 H. 8. c. 9. Anno *8 H. 8. c. 6, 8, 9. Anno 31 H. 8. c.7. Anno 35 H. 8. c. 17. Anno 37 H. S* c. *3. Anno % Sc 3 Ed. 6. c. 9. Anno y Sc 4 Ed. 6. c. 19 Sc si. Anno 5 Sc 6 Ed. 6. c. 14. Anno 7 Ed. 6. c. 11. Anno 1 Mar. fefT. s. c. 12, 13. Anno 1 & 2 Phil. &Mar. c. 16. Anno % Sc 3 Phil. Sc Mar. c. *, 3 Sc 5. (hall be revived, and made to continue until the end of the next parliament t EXP.

CAP.

M9

155s,] Anno pritno Elizabeth,*, c. 19;

CAP. XIX.

An aft giving authority to the Queen’s majcfiy* upon the avoidance of drty archbijhoprick tar bijhoprick* to take into her bands certain of the temporal poffefjtons thereof * re* compenjing the. fame with parfonages impropriate and tenths.

THE lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this pro- Leafes and Jent parliament,affembled* perceiving how. necejfary it is for other a®*-the imperial crown of this realm to be repaired with the rejlitution	UinSl

revenues meet for the fame* and having ajfenttd and fully accorded to * reftore to the fame imperial crown the firftfruits and tenths of par- Cro. Jac. m. fonages impropriate* for the increafe of the revenue thereof* be alfo de- 1 Jac* »•c* %• firous to devife fome good means* whereby the faid revenue of tenths and impropriate benefices might be in the governance and difpofition of the clergy of this realm* being moji apt for the fame* in Jucbfort as yet thereby the faid imperial crown Jbould not be in any wife dimi~ nijhed in the find refered revenue.

II.	And therefore befeech your Majefty, That it may be The ueen enadted by the authority of this prefent parliament, in manner impowered to and form hereafter following; that is to fay, upon the vacation {fkcHinto and avoidance of every archbilhoprick or bilhoprick within this Jj^anceof your realm of England and Wales* and other your Highnefs do- any biihop-minions, it (hall and may be lawful for your Highnefs, to eledt rick, fo much and choofe, and to take into your hands and real poffeffion, as ®fjhc P<>f-much and fo many of any the honours, cattles, manors, lands, {^fthevSue tenements or other.hereditaments, being parcel of the poflettions 0f an the of any fiich archbilhoprick or bilhoprick fo being void, as the Queen's par* dear yearly value of ail your Majefty’s parfonages appropriate l°naS?s aP-and yearly tenths within every fuch archbilhoprick or bifhop- ^thhi^he bil rick fhall yearly amount and extend unto \ ana for the tryal of (hoprick, af. every value of fuch honours, cattles, manors, lands tenements faring the and hereditaments, it (hall and may he lawful for your Highr parfonages, nefe from time to time, to diredi your letters of commiffion ^nf nroanotxld bidder your Highnefs great feal of England* into every fuch arch* j}^ bilhoprick or bilhoprick, fo being void, to fuch perfons as your Majefty (hall think meet and convenient, giving them authority thereby to fiirvey fuch honours, cattles* manors, lands, tener-ments and hereditaments, parcel of the poffeffions of the fame archtailhoprick or bilhoprick fo being void, as to your Majefty (hall be thought meet and convenient fo be taken into your Highnefs hands and polfeffion * and thereupon to certify the very clear yearly value thereof, over all charges and reprifes, into your Highnefs court of exchequer* at fuch day ana time as by the faid commiffion lhall .be limited and appointed; and after fuch certificate into the faid court of exchequer of the dear yearly value of fuch honours* cattles, manors, lands, tene- ; ments and hereditaments, fo had and made, it lhall and may be lawful for your Highnefs, by your letters patents, to give and jlffiiit unto fuch archbilhop and bilhop, and hi$ fuccettors, as

L 3	(halt.

1

AnttafH-i^ELizABKiric^. c.19.	[1558k.'

ihall be preferred and confeccafod arohbifhop or bifhop of fuch archbifhoprick or bilhopnck'fo beingvoid, fo much and fo many <*£ your yearly tenths,, tithes and.parfonages appropriated., beingwkhin.the feme archbifhopriclc or bilhoprick, as fhaU be ef ifi much, or of more yearly value, as the feid. honours, $aftle$* manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, fo certified into your faidcourt of exchequer, be certified unto; and that immediately upon fuch gift and grant made by your Highnefs, add the feme by your M&jefty under your fignet or fign manual ‘fignified unto, your treasurer and barons of your feid court of exchequer, together with your pleafure for the retaining and keeping Of the feid honours, cattles, manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments fo certified unto your laid court of ex~

: '	' chequer, in lieu and [dace of the laid tenths* tithes and parfo*

nages appropriate, the feme and fuch honours, cattles, manors, lands, tenements and other hereditaments, as fo (hall then be x ^certified into your feid Court of exchequer, fhall be adjudged, vetted and deemed, by' authority of this prefont parliament, actually and really in your Highnefs, your heirs and foccefibrs, and be from thenceforth united and annexed to the imperial croWn of this your realm for ever, and from thenceforth fbaH be in the order, fiirvey, rule and governance of your: feid court of exchequer, in fuch like manner and form, as other your Highnefe pofleffions and hereditaments be at this prefont. .

ni. Provided always, and be it enacted:'by'the authority aforefaid, that this a&, or any thing herein contained, fhall not extend to give any liberty or authority to your Highnefe, to take from any fuch archbifhoprick or bifhopriok: any of the	j

*	martfion-houfes, commonly ufed for the habitation brd wetting	|

of any fuch archbifhop or bilhop, of any the demean loads com*	]

manly ufed or occupied with any fuch manfion orctoelUng j frioufe or houfes or any of them, or to take any other lands or tenements commonly ufed and kept in the tnanuranco, tillage or manual occupation of any ardibifhop or bifhopr^for the . "maintenance of hofphality and good houfekeeptngl any thing In this aft contained to the contrary notwithttanding;

1 . IV. Saving t6 aH and every perfoh and perfons, bodies pb-Jrtrck and corporate, their heirs and fud&ttbrs, artd to.the heirs and fucceflbrs of evety of them, other than the feid arthbifhops and bifhbps and their fiicceflbrs, all fuch eftate, right, title, ferm, iritereft, rent, profit, ofitces or commodities, as they or kny of them have, fhquld, might or ought to have had, in or tb iany honours, cattles, manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments whatsoever, in fuch like manner, form and condition, to all intents and purpofos, as if this aft had never been had nor made; any thing herein contained to the contrary riot-yithftanding,	'	'

b°	Y* And bfe it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

See. other aft gifts, grimtfc, feoffirients, finfes or other conveyance or than. See. 'eftates, from the firft day of this prefont parliament, to be had, jnaUe void. made, done or fuffered lby any arebbifhop orbifhoyv°f any

'	honours.

1562.] Anno quinto Elizabeth^. ci.	151

honours, caftles, manors, lands, tenements or other heredlta- 1	44-	*•

ments, being parcel of the poffeffions of his archbilhoprick or Moon,07#

bifhoprick, or united, appertaining or belonging to any the *53*

fame archbilhopricks or biflaopricks, to any penon or perfons,

bodies politick or corporate, other than to the Queers high-

nefs, her heirs or fucceilbrs, whereby any eftate or eftates

(hould or may pafs from the fame archbifhops or biihops or

any of them, other than for the term of xxi. years or three

lives, from fuch time as any fuch leafe, grant or aflurance (hall

begin, and whereupon the old accuftomed yearly rent or more,

fhall be reserved and payable yearly during the faid term of

xxi. years or three lives, (hall be utterly void* and of none

efFeft, to all intents, conftra&ions and purpofes; any law,

cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wile notwithftancung.

CAP. XX,

A fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, granted to the Queen during her life, payable out of divers merchandises. EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An aft of a fuifidie and two fifteens and tenths by the __

temperaltig.	nf'aaum

Jhautt is pUad m$ tap. to m Raftal, tb? former btmg tbtn omitud.	«r Ibe rplL

CAP. XXII.

An aft giving authority to the Queen during berKfi to make ordinances in collegiate churches ana fchools.

Anno quinto Regnia Elizabeths.

AT the parliament bolden at Weftminfter the twelfth day of January tn the fifth year of ettrfovereign Lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, France and Ireland, Qtyeen, defender of the faith, &C. to the high plea-fiat of Almighty God, and the weal publiek of this realm, were enabled as foilowetb.	.	.

CAP. I,

An aSl far ihe ajfurance of the Queers royal power aver all efiates and fubjebls within her dominions..

FOR prefervatioH of the Queer/s moft excellent highnefs, her heirs andfitcceffors, and fheaigmty of the imperial crown of this realm a/-England, and for avoiding both of fuch hurts, perils, dljho-nours and mconvementies, at haw before-time befallen, as well to the Queer/s majefifs noble progenitors,' fiinp4 f this realm, as for tho whole eftate thereofj by means if the iurtfdiflim and power of the fie e/TRome, unjufHy claimed and ufurped within this realm and the dominions thereof, andcdfo ofthe dangers by the /outers of the findufurped

h +	power.

i$z	.	Anno	quinto	Elizabethje. c.i. [i562,.

poiVer, <7/	time grown to marvellous outrage and licentious bold-

nejsy and new requiring more Jbarp reftraint and correction of laws, than hitherto in the time of the Queer!s majejlfs moji mild and merciful reign have been had, ufed or ejlablijbed:

II.	fie it therefore enafted, ordained and eftablifhed by the Queen our fovereign lady, and the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefect parliament afiembled, and by authority, of the fame. That if any perfon and perfons, dwelling, inhabiting, or reliant within this realm, or within any other the Queen’s dominions, feigniories, or countries, or in the marches j of the fame, or elfewhere within or under her obeyfance and power, of what eftate, dignity, preheminence, oraer, degree or condition, foev er he or they be, after the iirft day of April which be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand, five hundred fix-ty-three, lhall by writing, cyphering, printing, preaching or teaching, deed or aft, advifedly and wittingly hold or rand with, to extol, fet forth, maintain or defend tne authority, ju-rifdiftion or power of the bilhop of Rome* or of his fee, heretofore claimed, ufed or ufurped within this realm, or in any dominion or country, being of, within or under the Queen’s power or obeyfance; (2) or by any fpeech, open deed or aft, advifedly and wittingly attribute any fuch manner of jurifdiftion, authorityor preheminence to the faid lee of Rome, or to any bilhop or the fame fee for the time being, within this realm, or in any the Queen’s dominions or countries: Thepenaltyfor (3) that then every fuch perfon or perfons fo doing dr offending, maintaining their abetters, procurers and counfellers, and alfo their aiders, treifKt^ority ^ftants and comforters, upon pqrpofe, and to the intent to fet fee of Rome?r fort*b further and extol the faid ufurped power, authority or *S H. 8.c. 10. jurifdiftion of any of the faid bilhop or bilbops of Rente ana e-il El c. 2, very of them, being thereof lawfully indifted or prefented within one year next after any fuch offences by him or them committed, and being lawfully convifted or attainted at aiw time after, according to the laws of this realm, fpr every fuch default and offence, lhall incur into the dangers, penalties, pains and forfeitures ordained and provided by the ftatute of provifion and x6 R. 2. c. 5. Pramunire, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

What juftices JIL And it is alfo enafted by the authority aforelaid. That m&y squire as wejj juftjces 0f aflize in their circuits, as juftices of peace the offences a- within the limits of their commiflion and authorities, or two of fore&id. , every fuch juftices of peace at the leaft, whereof one to be of the quorum, lhall have full power and authority by virtue of this aft, in their quarter or open felfions, to enquire of all offences, contempts and tranfgrellions, perpetrated, committed or done contrary to the true meaning of the premifles, in like manner and form as they may of other offences againft the Queen’s peace; (2) and lhall certify every preferment afore them or any of them had or made concerning the. fame, or atiy part thereof, before the Queen, her heirs and fucceflors, in her or their court, commonly called the King’s bench, within forty

days

1562.3 Anno quinto Elizabeth!®, c. i.	"	153

days next after any fuch prefentment had or made, if the term be then open;, and if not, at the firft day of jthe full term next following the itaid forty days; (3) upon pain that every of the The penalty juftices of affize, or juftices of the peace, before whom inch'pre-	°I

fentrnent (hall be made, making default of fuch. certificate	fcMofon-

contrary to this ftatute, to lofe and forfeit for every fuch default ce*. one hundred pounds to the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceflors.

IV.	And it is enabled by the authority aforelaid, that the The juftices of juftices of the King’s bench, as well upon every fuch certificate, King's

as by enquiry before themfelves* within the limits of their au- hear and^e-thorities, fliall have full power and authority to hear, order and (ermine*the* determine every fuch offence done or committed contrary to the offencesafor* true meaning of this prefent ad, according to the laws of this realm, in fuch like manner and form to all intents and purpo-fes, as if the perfon or perfons, againft whom any prefentment (hall be had upon this eftatute, had been prefentea upon any matter or offence exprefied in the faid eftatute made in the laid fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

V.	And moreover, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thefe (hall That as well all manner of perfons exprefied and appointed in take the oath and by the ad made in the firft year of the Queen’s maiefty’s fe£r0rth ann* reign that now is, intituled. An a& rejftoring to the crown the an- 1 . lz#c* tientjunfiiftion over the efiate ecckfiqftual and fpiritmU and abolijb-

ingallforeign powers repugnant to the famey to take the oath ex* prefled and let forth in the fame: (2) as all other perfons which Takers of ec* have taken or (hall take orders, commonly called ordines Jacros9 ^aftical or-or ecdefiaftical orders, (3) have been or fliall be promoted, prefer- dcr8# red or admitted to any degree of learning in any univerfity within Degrees in the this realm or dominions to the fame belonging: and all fchool- umverfities. mailers apd publick and. private teachers of children; (4) as School-maft-alfo all manner of perfon and perfons, that have taken or here-after (hall take any degree of learning in or at the common laws of this realm, as well utter-barrefters as benchers, readers, an- utter-barreft-cients in any houfe or houfes of court, (5) and all principal ers. treafurers, and fuch as be of the grand company of every inn of Benchers, chancery, and all attomies, protonotaries and philizers, towards Rea<?ers. the laws of this realm, (6) and all manner of Iheriffs, efchea* proto?otaries. tors and feodaries, and all other perfon and perfons which have Attornies. taken or lhall take upon him or them, or have been or lhall be Philizers. admitted to any miniftry or office, in, at or belonging to the common law, or any other law or laws, of, to or for the exe-cutiori of them, or any of them, ufed or allowed, or at any officers at the time hereafter to be uied or allowed within this realm or any of common law. the dominions or countries belonging, or which hereafter mall happen to belong, to the crown or dignity of the fame; (7) and all other officers or minifters of or towards any court whatfo-ever, (-8) and every of them, fliall take and pronounce a cor- officer of any poral oath upon the evangelifts, before he or they fliall be ad- cou^ 7 . mitted, allowed or fuffered to take upon him or them, to ufe, cxercife, fupply or occupy any fuch vocation, office, degree

miniftry.

154	Anno quinto ELIZABETH-®. C. i. [ 1562.

miniftry, room or ferviee, as is aforefaid, and that in the open v	court.whereunto he doth or Khali fer've or belong: (9) and if he

• or they do not or (halt not ferve or belong to any ordinary or o-pen court/then he or they Khali take and pronounce the oath ' aforefaid, in an open place before a convenient affembly, to witnefs the fame, (10) and before fuch perfon or perfons as have or Khali have authority by common ule or otherwife, to admit or call any fuch perfon or perfons, as is aforefaid, to any jfuch vocation, office, miniftry, room or ferviee, or elfe before fuch perfon or perfons, as by the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs or fucceifors, by eommtffion* under the great feal of England^ Khali be named or affigned, to accept and take the fame, according to the tenor, effedt and form of the fame oath verbatim, which is, and as it is already fet forth to be taken, in the aforefaid adI 1 El. c. 1. made in the firft year of the Queen’s majefty’s reign.

The bifliop VI. And alfo be if enadted by the authority of this prefent maytender the parliament. That every archbilhop and bifnop within this t° anyfpi- realm, and dominions of the fame, Khali have full power and ntual perfon. authority by virtue of this adt, to tender or minifter the oath aforefaia, to every or any fpiritual or ecclefiaftiCal perfon within their proper diocefe, as well in pkces and jurifdidtions exempt, as elfewhere.

Thelordchan- VII. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the cdfor may di- ford chancellor or keeper of the great feal oi Englaniior the time Khali and may at all times hereafter, by virtue of this ecfth of any without further warrant, make and diredfc a commiffion or perfon. commiffions under the great feal of England, to any perfon or perfons, giving them or feme of them thereby authority to tender and minifter the oath aforefaid, to fuch perfon or perfons, as by the aforefaid commiffion or commiffions the faid coftmiffioners Khali be authorised to tender the fame oath unto.

Thepenaltyfor VIII. And be it alfo further enadted by the authority of this thenrft refu- prefent parliament. That if any perfon or perfons appointed or fid of the oath, eompellable by this a£t, or by the faid adt made in the faid firft year* to take the faid oath; or if any perfon or perfons to whom the faid oath by any fuch commiffion or commiffions Khali be limited and appointed to be tendred, as is aforefaid, do or Khali, at the time of the faid oath fo tendred, refufe to take or pronounce the faid oath in manner and form aforefaid, that then the party fo refufing, and being thereof lawfully indidted or presented within one year next after any fuch refufaf, and convicted or attainted at any time after, according to the laws of this realm, Khalbfuffer and incur the dangers, penalties, pains and forfeitures, ordained and provided by the ftatute of provifion ,«	-	and pramunire aforefaid, made in the Kixteenth year of the reign

10 k« c. 5. of King Richard the Second.

Certificate of IX. And furthermore be it enadted by the authority afore-refufai into faid, That all and every fuch perfon and perfons, having au-the King’s thority to tender the oath aforefaid, Khali within forty days next bench. Savill aft€r refufal or refufals of the faid oath, if the term be then 47#	open; and if not, then at the firft day of the foil term next fol-

lowing

a

*55

1562.] Anno qmntQf ElxZABKTHjg> c.r.

fowingthefaiil forty day*, make true certificate under his or their leal or feals of the names, places and degrees of the per-fon or perfonsfo refufing the fame oath,, before the Queen, her heirs or fuecefibrs, in her or their copjrt, commonly called the King’s bench; (2.) upon pain that every of the laid perlons, having fuch authority to tender the laid oath* making default of fuch certificate, lhall for every fuch default forfeit an. hundred pound to the Queen’s highnefe, her heirs or fucceffors: (3) and Dyer 134. that the. fheriff of the county where the faid court, commonly called the. King’s bench, lhall for the time be hidden, (hall or may by virtue of this ad impanel a jury of the feme county, to enquire of and upon every fqfh scftdal and refufela; (4.) which jury (hall or‘may upon every fuch certificate, and other evU denceto them in that behalf to be given, by virtue of this ad,tR a^‘ proceed to inchd die perfim add perfons lo offending in fuch fort and degree, .to all intents. and purpofes, as the feme jury . may do of any offence or offences againft the Queen’s majeity’s peace, perpetrated, colnmitted or done within the lame conn-, ty, cif and for. which the fame jury is lb .impanelled;	;

X.	Arid for ftronger defence and maintenanfceof this ad, it

is further ordained, enadnd and eftaUilhed by the authority a-* forefaid. That if any fuch offender or offender, as is afore-; faid,1 of fife firft part or branch of this eftatute, that is to lay, by writing* cyphering, printing, preaching or teaching, deed or ad, adrifealy and wittingly hold or Hand withy to extol, fet forth, maintain or >defend the authority, juriididion or power of the bilhop of Rime, or of his fee, heretofore claimed, ufed or ufiirped within this realm* or in any dominion or country, being of, within or under the Queen’s power and obeyfance:	t*

(2) or by any fpeech, open deed or ad, advifedly and wittingly taintheautho-attribute any fuch manner of juriididion, authority or prehe- rity of the bi-minenoe to the faid fee of Rome, or to any bilhop of the fame ®J°P or	°f*

fee for the time bring, within this realm, or in any the Queen’s dominions or countries; (3) or be to any fuch of-	*

fonder or offenders abetting, procuring or counfeliing, or aiding, alfifting or comforting, upon purpofe, and to the intent to fet forth, further and extol the laid ufurped power, authority or jurifdidion, after fuch convidion and attainder as is aforelaidy	1

do eftfoons commit or do the faid offences or any of them, in manner and form aforefaid, and be thereof duly convided and attainted as is aforefaid :

XI.	And alio. That if any the perfons above named and ap. pointed by this ad to take the oath aforefaid, do after the (pace of three months next alter the foil tender thereof, the fecond time refufe to take and pronounce, or do not take and pro* nounce the feme, in form aforefaid to be tendered,' that then every ftibh offender or offenders, for the feme fecond offence and offences, lhall forfeit, lofe and fuffer fuch fifes and the fame pains, forfeitures, judgment and execution, as is ufed in cafes of high treafon.

XU.'Provided always* That this gd, nor any thing therein

*5*

Anno quinto Elizabeths, c. i.	[i562:

No corruption contained, nor any attainder to be had by force and virtue of of blood or	this a6k, (hall not extend to make any corruption of blood, the

dowcr for any difheriting of any heir, forfeiture of dower, nor to the prejudice attainder by 7 of the right , or title of any perfon or> perfons, other than the this a&. right or title of the offender or offenders, during his, her or their natural lives only>

XIII.	And that it (hall and may be lawful to every perfon and perfons, to whom the right or intereft of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, after the death of any fuch offender or offenders, (hould or might have appertained, if no (uch-attainder had been-, to enter into the fame, without any oufter le main to be fued, in fuch fort as he or tfcey might have done, if this adt had never been had ne made.

Howrtjeoath XIV. Provided alfo. That the oath exprefled in the faid adt i a<hall ma<*e m	firft	year,	(hall	be	taken	and	expounded in fuch

be expounded, form as is fet forth in an admonition annexed to the Queen’s majefty’s injundtions, publilhed in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign; that is .to &y, to confefs and acknowledge in herMajefty, her heirs and fircceflbrs, none other authority than that was challenged and lately ufed by the noble King Henry the Eighth and King Edward the Sixth; as in the faid admonition more plainly may appear.

In what courts	X V. And^be -it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this

a”dPl^e*this adt (hall be openly read, publiftied, and declared at every quar-publifhed. ter-feflions by the clerk of the peace, and at every leetand law-day by the fteward of the court, and once in every term in the open hall of every houfe and houfes of court and chancery, at , the times, and by the perfons thereunto to be limited and ap-. pointed by the lord chancellor or keeper of the great feal for the time being.

Every knight, XVI. And be it further enadted, That every perfon which citizen and hereafter (hall be eledted or appointed a knight, citizen or bur-bar^amentthC or karon for any of the five ports, for any parliament or fcaUtakAhe parliaments hereafter to be holden,. (hall from henceforth, be-faidoathbefore tore he (hall enter into the parliament houfe, or have any voice the lord ftew- there, openly receive, and pronounce the faid oath before the ard or his de- jonj ftewar(j for time being, or his deputy or deputies for puty’	that time to be appointed; (a) and that he which (hall enter

into the parliament-houfe without taking the faid path, (hall be deemed no knight, citizen, burgefs nor baron for that pariia-* ment, nor (hall have any voice, but (hall be to all intents, con-ftrudlions and purpofes, as if he had never been returned nor eledted knight, citizen, burgels or baron for that parliament,-and (hall fiiffer fuch pains and penalties, as if he had prefumed to (it in the (aine without eledtion, return or authority.

XVII. Provided alway. That forafmuch as.thc Queen’s ma-above the de- jcfty is otherwife fufficiently affured of the faith and loyalty of fh^U becom^”t*ie temporal lords of her high court of parliament; therefore yelled to take this adt, nor any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to the faid oath, compel any temporal perfon, of or above the degree of a baron of this realm, to take pr pronounce the oath afcovefaid, nor to

incur

None of or

*57

1562.] Anno quinto Elizabeths c.i.

incur any penalty limited by this alt, for not taking or refilling the lame; any thingJn1 this alt to the contrary in any -wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	Provided, and be it enalted by the authority afore- p. . M . faid, That charitable giving of reafonable alms to any of the w of almfto offender or offenders above fpecified, without fraud or covin, offenders (hall lhall not be taken or interpreted to be any fuch abetment, pro- be no caufe of curing, counfelling, aiding, affifting or comforting, as thereby forfeiture, the giver of fuch alms (hall incur any pain, penalty or forfeiture appointed in this alt.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it enalted by the authority of Peers offend, this prefent parliament, That if any peer of this realm (hall here- ing (hall be after offend contrary to this alt or any branch or article thereof,tncd tbcir that in that and all fuch cafe and cafes they (hall be tried by pccrs" their peers, in fuch manner and~ form as in other cafes of trea-

fons they have ufed to be tried, and by none other means.

XX.	Provided alfo further, and be it enalted. That no per- Who onlyfhall fon fhall be compelled by virtue of this alt to take the oath aT becompelledto bove-mentioned, at or upon the fecond time of offering the e0j£b fame, according to the form appointed by this ftatute, except ^ond tender, the fame perfon hath been, is, or fhall be an ecdefiaftical per-

fon, that had, hath or (hall have in the time of one of the reigns of the Queen's majefty's moft noble father, brother or After, or in the time of the reign of the Queen's majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, charge, cure or office in the churchy (2) or fuch perfon or perfons as had, hath or hereafter fhall have, any office or miniftry in any ecdefiaftical court of this realm, under any archbifhop or bifhop, in any the times or reigns aforefaid;

(3; or fuch perfon or perfons as fhall wilfully refufe to obferve the orders and rites for divine fervice, that be authorized to be ufed end obferved in the church of England, after that he or they lhall be publickly by the ordinary , or fome of his officers for ecdefiaftical caufes, admonifhed to keep and obferve the fame; (4) or fuch as fhall openly and advifedly deprave by words, writings, or any other open fait, any of the rites and ceremonies at any time ufed and authorized to be ufed in the church of England; (5) or that fhall fay or hear the private mafs prohibited by the laws of this realm; (6) and that all fuch perfons lhall be compellable to take the oath upon the fecond tender or offer of the fame, and incur the penalties for not taking of the faid oath, and none other.

XXI. Andforafmuch as it is doubtful, whether by the laws of it is not law-this realm there be any punijhment for fuch as kill or flay any perfott or ful to flay one perfons attainted in or upon a praemunire, (2) be it therefore e- attainted in a nalted by authority aforefaid, That it lhall not be lawful to any £?£d^nir<fiat, perfon or perfons, to flay or kill any perfon or perfons in any 5;c. manner attainted, or hereafter to be attainted, of, in or upon

any pramunire, by pretence, reafon or authority of any judgment given, or hereafter to be given, in or upon the fame, or by pretence, reafon or force of any word or words, thing or things contained or fpecified in any ftatute, or, law of provifion and preemunire or in any of them; any law, ftatute or opinion

or



Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.2,3.	£1562.

or exposition of any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Punishments XXII. Saving always the due execution of all and every per-ky fen and perfons attainted, or to be attainted, for any offence cf w$*' whereupon judgment of death now is or ought to be, or hereafter may lawfully be given, by reafon of this Statute or other-wife: (2) and faving always all and every fiich pains of death? or other hurt or punishment, as heretofore might, without danger of law, be done upon any perfon or perfons that Shall fend or bring into this realm, or any other the Queen’s dominions? or within the Same, {hail execute any fummons, fentence, ex-communication or other procefs againft any perfon or perfons, from the biShop of Rome for thq time being, or by or from the fee of Rome, or the authority or jurifdidhon of the feme fee.

Upon what XXIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority proof only a- aforefeid. That no perfon or perfons Shall hereafter be indi&ed ^	aiding,	maintaining,	comforting or abetting of any

perfon or perfons for any the laid offences, in extolling, Setting forth or defending of the ufurped power and authority of the biShop of Rome, unlefshe or they be thereof lawfully accufed by fuch good and Sufficient teftimony or proof, as by the jury by whom he Shall So be indi&ed, (hall be thought good, lawful and fuf-Sicient, to prove him or them guihy of the laid offences. 22 El, c. 1.

CAP. II.

The ftatute of 4 H. 7. c. 19. 7 H. S. c. 1. and 27 H. S. c. 22. ordained for the keeping in repair of towns and hoilfes of husbandry, and maintaining of tillage, (hall be pat in execution. The ftatute of 5 Ed. 6. c. 5. and a £ 3?. & M. c. 2. providedfbr the re-edifying of houfes of hdf-bandty, and tbeiacrcafeof tillage, Shall be repealed. Such lands, or fo much in quantity, as in any town, village, hamlet, lordfhip, place known, or parish, as hath been put in tillage, and eared in any one year, and fo kept fottr years fit hence the feaft of St. George the martyr, amto 20 H. *. Shall be eared and kept in tillage according to the nam e of the Soil and curffovn of the country, by the occupier thereof, upon pain that every offender (hall forfeit ten ftiUiqgs an acre yearly, to tbe next in remainder or reverfion, for the term of life, lives or in tail; for the which he may diftrain, or have A.B. P. or I: and in his default by the (pace of one year, then he in the median or remainder in fee-maple Shall have the fame remedy: and in bis default, the immediate lord of the fee: and in his default, the Queen, or the Queen and informer. But this a& Shall not extend to any land converted from tillage into pasture, for the only keeping of his own horfes, draught-oxen, kine or other cattle, for the only victuals to be Spent in his own houfe/fo that be bath not other Sufficient pafture within fire miles, nor to any park, warren of conies,See. utfupra, 5 &6Ed.d.c. < BEP. 39EI1Z.c. 1.fcxi Jac.i.c. 28.

CAP. in.

A reviver of the ftatute of tz H. 8. c. 12. and 3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. 16. touching relieving poor and impotent perfons, and punishment of vagabonds. The poor and impotent perfons of every parish Shall be relieved of that which every perfon will of their charity give weekly; and the Same relief Shall lie gathered in every parish by colle&ors alfigned, and weekly distributed to the poor; for none of them Shall openly go or fit begging. And if any parishioner Shall obftinately refufe to pay reasonably towards the relief of the flid poor, or Shall discourage others; then the juftices of peace at tbe cmarter-SeSftont may tax him to a reasonable weekly fura; which if he retufe to pay, they may commit him to priSon. And if any parish have in it more impotent poor perfons than they are able to relieve, then the juftices of the peace of the county may licence fo many of them as they fliall think good, to beg in one or more hundreds of the feme county-

*59

1562.] Anno quinto Elizabeths. c.4.

ty. And if any poor beg in any other place than he is licenfed, he ihall be puniflied as a vagabond, according to the flat, of ix H. 8. To endure to tbe end of the firjifeffion of the next parliament. 14 Eliz. c. 5.

CAP. IV.

An aft containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, fer-vanis of hufbandrj and apprentices.

ALTHOUGH there remain andJland in force prefently a great A repeafof Co number of acts andflatutes concerning the retaining, departing, much of fbr-wages and orders of apprentices, fervants and labourers, as well in hufl baniry as in divers other arts,myfteries and occupations (2) yet part- hiring, keep-ly for the imperfection and contrariety that is founds and doth appear in ing, depart-fundryof thefaid laws, and for the variety arid number of them, (3) and ing, working chiefly for that the wages and allowances limited and rated in many of tb'e faid flatutes, are in divers places too fmalland notanfwerableto this time, bourers,’ &c. refpeCling the advancement ofprices of all things belonging to thefaidfar- And a decla-vants and labourers; (4) the faid laws cannot conveniently, without the ration who great grief andburden of the poor labourer and hiryd man, be put in good ^et^rv^in and due execution: (5) and as thefaidfeveral aCts andflatutes were, at handicrafts the time of the making of them, thought to be very good and beneficialfor and who in the commonwealth of this realm (as divers of them are:) fo if the fab- hufbandry, fiance ofas many of thefaid laws as are meet to be continued, Jball be di-gefled and reduced into one foie law and flatute, and in the fame an uni-	U *

form order prefcribed and limited concerning the wages and other orders for apprentices, fervants and labourers, there is good hope that it will come to pafs, that the fame law {being duly executed) Jbould bamjh idle-nefs,advance hufbandry* and yield uttttrfbe hired perfon, both in the time of fear city, and in the time ofplenty, a convenient proportion of wages.

II. Be it therefore enabled by the authority of this prefent parliament, That as much of all the eftatutes heretofore made, and every branch of them, as touch or concern the hiring, keeping, departing, working, wages, or order of fervants, workmen, artificers, apprentices and labourers, or any of them, and the penalties and forfeitures concerning the fame, fhall be from and after the laft day of September next enfuing, repealed and utterly void and of none effe<ft; (2) and that all the laid flatutes, and every branch thereof, or any matter contained in them, and not repealed by this flatute, (hall remain aiid be in full force and effect ; any thing in this flatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That No perfon (ball no manner of perfon or perfons, after the aforefaid laft day of retain aferyant September now next enfuing, (hall retain, hire or take into fer-vice, or caufe to be retained, hired or taken into fervice, nor onewhokyear. any perfon (hall be retained, hired or taken into fervice, by any means or colour, to work for any lefs time or term than for one whole year, in any of the fciences, crafts, myfteries or arts of clothiers, woolen cloth weavers, tuckers, fullers, clothwork-ers, (heremen, dyers, hofiers, taylor$, (hoemakers, tanners, pewterers, bakers, brewers, glovers, cutlers, fmiths, farriers, curriers, fadlers, fpurriers, turners, cappers, hatmakers or feltmakers, bowyers, fletchers, arrow-head-makers, butchers, cooks or millers.

IV.	Arid be it further enabled. That every perfon being unmarried ;

i6o

Annoquinto Eli zabeth.®. c-4-

[1562.

What fort of married; (2) and every other perfon J>eing under the age of perfon* are thirty years, that after the feaft of Eajler next (hall marry, (3) fovein any° an<* having been brought up in any of the faid arts, crafts or of the crafts fciences; (4) or that hath ufed or exercifed any of them by the aforefaid. fpace of three years or more; (5) and not having lands, tenements, rents or hereditaments, copyhold or freehold, of an eftate of inheritance, or for term of any life or lives, of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings; (6) nor being worth of his own goods the clear value of ten pound; (7) and fo allowed by two juftices of the peace of the county where he hath mod commonly inhabited by the fpace of one whole year, and under theii-hands and feals, (8) or by the mayor or other head officer of the city, borough or town corporate where fuch perfon hath mod commonly dwelt by the fpace of one whole year, and two aider-men, or two other difcreet burgeffes of the fame city, borough or town corporate, if there be no aldermen, under their hands and feals ; (9) nor being retained with any perfon in hufbandry, or in any of the aforelaid arts and fciences, according to this datute; (to) nor lawfully retained in any other art or fcience; (ii) nor being lawfully retained in houfhold, or in any office, with any nobleman, gentleman or others, according to the laws of this realm ; (12) nor have a convenient farm, or other holding in tillage, whereupon he may employ his labour : (13) (hall, during the time that he or they (hall be fo unmarried, or under the faid age of thirty years, upon recjued made by any perfon ufing the art or myftery wherein the faid perfon fo required hath been exercifed (as is aforefaid) be retained; (14) and (hall not refufe to ferve according to the tenor of this datute, upon the pain and penalty hereafter mentioned.

No perfon (hall	V. And be it further ena6ted, That no perfon which (hall re-

put away his tain any fervant, (hall put away his or her faid fervant, (2) and ftsdfan "fer *hat no P^011 retained-according to this datute, (hall depart from vant depart* bis mader, midrefs or dame, before the end of his or her term; from his ma- (3) upon the pain hereafter mentioned; (4) unlefs it be for fome fter before the reafonable and fufficient caufe or matter to be allowed before two end^of his juftices of peace, or one at the lead, within the faid county, or The caufe of before the mayor or other chief officer of the city, borough or putting away town corporate wherein the faid mader, midrefs or dame inha-feryants, or biteth, to whom any of the parties grieved (hall complain; (5) their^depart- which faid juftices or juftice, mayor or chief officer, (hall have termined by*a an<* ta^e uPon tbem or bim the hearing and ordering of the juftice of matter betwixt the faid mader or midrefs, or dame and fervant, peace, mayor, according to the equity of the caufe.

bailiff, &c. VI. And that no fuch mader, midrefs or dame, (hall put a-Salfde^rt way any hich ^ervant at en(* of his term, or that any fuch orbe putTa- fervant Audi depart from his faid mader, midrefs or dame at the way, but upon end of his term, without one quarter's warning given before the a quarter's end of his faid term, either by the faid mader, midrefs or dame, warning. or fervantj the one to the other, upon the pain hereafter en-fuing.

VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That

i$6z.]	Ariho	qulnto EL tZAitf tu£. 6.4.1	161

That everyperfon between the age of twelve years and the age f°rt of fixty years, not being lawfully retained, nor apprentice with compilable any fimerman or mariner haunting the feas; (2) nor being in to ferve by tha fervice with any kiddtir or carrier of any com, grain or meal; year in huf» for provifion of the city of London; (3) nor with any hulband- bandry* man in husbandry5 (4; nor in any city, town corporate or market-town, ill any of the arts or fciences limited or appointed by this eftatute to have or take apprentices; (5) nor being retained by the year, or half the year at the leaft, for the digging, fcek-> ing, finding, getting, melting, fining, working, trying, making of any fiber* tin, lead, iron, copper, ftone, fea-coal, ftone-coal, moor-coal Or cherk-coal; (6) nor being occupied in or about the making of any glafs; (7) nor being a gentleman born, nor being a ftudent or (cholar in any of the univerfities, or in a-ny fchool; (8) nor having lands, tenements, rents or hereditaments, for term of life, or of one eftate of inheritance, of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings) (9) nor being worth in goods and chattels to the vsdue of ten pound) (10) nor having a father or mother then living, or other anceftor whofe heir apparent he is, then having lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the yearly value of ten pound or above, or goods or chattels of the value of forty pound; (n) nor being a neceflary or convenient officer or fervant lawfully retained, as is aforefaid; (12) not having a convenient farm or holding, whereupon he may or fhall imploy his labour; (13) nor being otherwife lawfully re-* tained, according to the true meaning of this eftatute; (14) (hall after the aforefaid laft day of September now next eniuing, by virtue of this eftatute, be compelled to be retained to ferve in hufbandry by the year, with any perfon that keepeth hu(bandry, and will require any fuch perfon fo to ferve, within the fame*

(hire where he (hall be fo required.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority of this pre- The forfeiture fent parliament, That if any perfon after he hath retained any for putting a-fervant, (hall put away the fame fervant before the end of his,y^twithin term, unlefs it be for fome reafonable and fufficient caufe to be his term, or allowed, as is aforefaid $ (2) or if any fuch mafter, miftrefs or at the end of dame, (hall put away any fuch fervant at the end of* his term, Ws term ?ith* without one quarter’s warning given before the faid end, as is **** warxunS* above remembered; (3) that then every fuch mafter, miftrefs or dame fo offending, unlefs he or they be able to prove by two fuch fufficient witnefles fuch reafonable and fufficient caufe of putting away of their fervant or fervants, during their term, or a quarter’s warning given afore the end of the faid term, as is aforefaid, before the juftices of oyer and terminer, juftices of af-fife, juftices of peace in the quarter-fefiions, or before the mayor or other bead officer of any city, borough or town corporate, and two aldermen, or two other difereet burgefles of the fame city, borough or town corporate, if there be no aldermen, or before the lord prefident and council eftablUhed in the marches of Walety or before the lord prefident and council for the time Vol. VI,	M	being

1$2

The punl/h-ment of a fer-vant which pcrfbrmtfth not Tiis duty in fervice or departure.

None may depart forth of the city, town, pariih, &c. without a te-ftiraonial.

Anno quinto Elizabeths. c. 4;	[1562;

being eftabKfhed in the north parts, (hall forfeit the film of forty (hillings.	...»

IX.	And if any fervant retained according to the form of this eftatute, depart from his mailer, miftrefs or dame’s fervice, before the end of liis term, unlefs it be for ibme rcafonable and fufficient caufe to be allowed, as is aforefaid; (2) or if any ferr vant at the end of his term depart from his (aid mailer, miftrefe or dame’s fervice without one quarter’s warning given before the end of.his faid term, in form aforefaid, and before two lawful witneffes ; (3) or if any perfon or perfons compellable and bounden to be retained, and to ferve in huibandry, or in any other the arts, fcienccs or myileries above remembrcd, by the year or otherwife, do (upon requell made) refufe to Ierve for the wages that lhall be limited, rated and appointed, according to the form of this ftatute ; (4) or promife or covenant to ferve, and do not ferve according to the tenor of the fame: (5) that then every fervant fo departing away, and every perfon fo refilling to ferve for fuch wages, upon complaint thereof made by the mailer, miftrefs or dame ox the faid fervant, or by the party to or with whom the faid refufal is made, or promife not kept, to two juftices of peace of the county, or to the mayor or other head officer of the city, borough or town corporate, and two aldermen, or two other difcreet burgefles of the feme city, borough or town corporate, if there be no aldermen, where the faid mailer, miftrefs or dame, or the feid party to or with whbnt the faid refufal is made, and promife not kept, dwelleth, or to either of the faid lords prefidents and council, of Walii> and the north, the faid juftices, lords prefidents and councils, and aKb the feid mayors or other head officers, and other perfons of cities, boroughs or towns corporate, or any of them, as is aforefaid, (hall have power by force of this ftatute, to hear and exa-< mine the matter; (6) and finding the feid fervant, or the feid patty fo refuting faulty in the premifles, upon fuch proofs and good matter as to their diferedons (hall be thopgbt fufficient, to commit him or them to ward, there to remain without bail or tnainprife, until the faid fervant or party fo offending (hall be bound to the party to whom the offence (hall be made, to ferve and continue with him for the wages that then (hall be limited and appointed, according to the tenor and form of this eftatute, and to be difeharged upon his delivery, without paying any fee to the gaoler where he or they (hall be fo imprifoned.

X.	And be it likewife enabled by the authority aforefeid. That none bf the faid retained perfons in huibandry, or in any the arts or fciences above remembred, after-the time of his re-» tarter expired, (hall depart forth of one city, town or pariih to another 5 (1) nor out of the lath, rape, wapentake: or hundred; (3) nor out of the county or (hire where he laft ferved, to ferve in any other city, town corporate, lath, rape, wapentake, hundred, (hire or county; (4) unlefs he have a teftimomal under the feal ef the faid city or town corporate, or of the conftable or amflablesj or other head officer or officers, and of two other

honeft

1562.j ., Anno quinto Eti^ABETH,#. c.4:

honeft houfholders of the city, town or parilh, where he Ia(l ferved, declaring his lawful departure, and the name of the (hire and place Where he dwelled laft before his departure, according to the form hereafter exprefied in this aft: (5) which certificate pr tcftimonial (hall be written and delivered unto thd Add fervant, and ajfo regiftred by the jparfon, vicar or curate of the parifli where foch matter, miftrels or dame doth or fhall dwell, taking for the doing thefeoftwo-pence, and not above: and the form thereof (hall be as followed!:

MemorandumThat A. B. late fervant to C. D. of E. Kulbaind- The fornj dt man, or taylor, &fr. in the county, is licenced to de- the teftimQ-part from his f*id matter, and is at his liberty to fcrve elfe-where, according to the ftatute in that cafe made and pro-- vided. In witnefs whereof, &c. Dated the day* month, year and place, &c. of the making thereof,

XL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, n0 fervent That ap perfon or perfons that {hall depart out of a fervice, <hatl be re-{hallbe retained or accepted into any other fervice, without tained witb-fhewing before his retainer, fuch teftimonial as is above-remem-bred, to the chief officer of the town Corporate* and ijn every nj*j C m0m other town and place, to the conttable, curate* churchwarden, Hetiey i6£» or other head officer of the fame, where he (hall be retained to ferve; (2) upon the pain that every fuch fervant fo departing without fuch certificate or teftimonial, fhall be imp’rifoned until he procure a teftimonial or certificate ; (3) the which if he cannot do within the fpace of one and twenty days next after the firft day of his imprifonment, then the laid perfari to be Tlie matter . whipped and ufed as a vagabond according to the laws in fuch retaiaetfi cafes provided ; .(4) and that every perfon retaining any fuch a fervant fervant, without (hewing fuch teftimonial or certificate, as is at- without a te-forefaid, (hall forfeit for every xfuch offence five pounds: (5) ft’utfonial. and if any fuch perfon fhall be taken with any counterfeit or Counterfeit forced teftimonial, then to be whipped as a vagabond.	teftimonials.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, j*0w long ls-That all artificers and labourers, being hired for wages by the bourers (hall day or week, (hall betwixt the midft of the months of March continue at and September be and continue at their work at or before five oftlieir worto the clock in the morning, and continue at work and riot depart until betwixt feven and eight of the clock at night (except it be in the time of breakfaft, dinner or drinking, the which times at the moft (hall not exceed above two hours and a half in a day, that is.to lay, at every drinking one half hour, for his dinner one hour, and for his deep when he is allowed to fleep, the which is from the midft of May to the.midft of Auguft, half an hour at the moft, apd at every breakfaft one half hour : (2), and all the faid artificers and labourers, betweeen the midft of September and the midft of March, jlhall be and continue at their work from the fpring of the day in the morping until the night of the fame day, e^cc^pt it be in time afore appointed for break-faft.ai^dinaer; (3):pppnjiaip.to }ofe;ar^ fojfeft one penny for

M 2	‘	every

164	Anrto	quifito ElIZaBETHA. C4;	[1

every hour’s abfence, to be deducted and defaulked out of his wages that (hall fo offend.

No artificer or XIII. And be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, That labourer Aall every artificer and labourer that mall be lawfully retained in and bif worich^ ^or	building or repairing of any church* houfe, (hip, mill

finjor every other piece of work taken in great, in talk or in grofs, or that (hall hereafter take upon him ,to make or finith any fuch thing or work, lhall continue and not depart from the fame, un-lefs it be for not paying of his wages or hire agreed on, or other-wife lawfully taken or appointed to ferve the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, or for other lawful caufe, or without licence of the mafter or owner of the work, or of him that hath the charge thereof, before the finilhing of the faid work; (2)

. upon pain of imprifonment by one month, without bail or mainprife; (3) and the forfeiture of the fum of five pounds to the party from whom he (hall fo depart; for the which the '	faid party-may have his adtion of debt againft him that (hall fi>

depart, in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record, over and befides fuch ordinary cofts and damages as may or ought to be recovered by the common laws, for or concerning any fuch offence : in which adtion no protection, wager of law or effoin lhall be admitted.

XIV.	And that no other artificer or labourer retained in any fervice, to work with the Queen’s maiefty or any other perfon, depart from her faid Majefty or from the laid other perfon, until fuch time as the work be finifhed, if the perfon fo retaining the artificer or labourer fo long will have him, and pay him his wages or other duties ; upon pain of imprifonment of every perfon fo departing, by the (pace of one month.

The wages of XV. And for the declaration and limitation what wages fer-fervants, la-	vants, labourers and artificers, either by the year or day or

b^*r^aiti- otherwife, (hall have and receive, Be it enadled by the authori-affefled*^ the ty 'bis prefent parliament, That the juftices of peace of every juftice* of mire, riding and liberty within the limits of their feveral corn-peace, fheriff, millions, or the more part of them, being then reliant within the fame, and the (heriff of that county if he conveniently may, Bridem 110 ant* cvei7 mayor, bailiff or other head officer within any city or

I9# town corporate wherein is any juftice of peace, within the li- , mits of the faid city or town corporate, and of the faid corpora- j v	tion, lhall before the tenth day of June next coming, and after-	j

ward lhall yearly at every general leffions firft to be holden and	I

kept after Eajler or at fome time convenient within fix weeks next following every of the faid feafts of Eafler, affemble them-felves together; (2) and they (foaflemblea) calling unto them fuch difcreet and grave perfons of the faid county or of the faid city or town corporate, as they lhall think meet, and conferring I together, refpedtingthe plenty or fcarritv of the time and other circumftances necenarily to be confidered, lhall have authority by virtue thereof, within the limits and precindts of their feveral commiffions, to limit, rate and appoint the wages, as well of Ibch and fo many of the faid artificers, handicrafts-men, huf-'	b*nd^

1562.]' Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.4;	165

bandmen or any other labourer, fervant or workman, whofe wages in time paft hath been by any law or ftatute rated and appointed, (3) as alfo the wages of .all other labourers, artificers, Exflmmdby workmen or apprentices of hufbandry, which have not been 1 Jac. 1. c. 6. rated, (4) as they the fame juftices, mayors or head officers f 3* within their feveral commiffions or liberties (hall think meet by T“# Jonw» 47* their difcretions to be rated, limited or appointed by the year or by the day, week, month or otherwife, with meat and drink ' or without meat and drink, (5) and what wages every workman or labourer (hall take, by the great, for mowing, reaping or threlhing of corn and gram, or for mowing or making of hay, or for ditching, paving, railing or hedging, by the rod, pearcn, lugg, yard, pole, rope or foot, and for any other kind of rea-fonable labours or fervice; (6) and (hall yearly before the twelfth day of July neat after the faid afiefiments and rates .fo appointed and made, certify the fame ingrofled in parchment, with the confiderations and caufes thereof, under their hands and feals, into the Queen’s moft honourable court of chancery;

(7) whereupon it (hall be lawful to the lord chancellor of England* or lord keeper of the great feal for the time being, upon declaration thereof to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fuccef-fors, or to .the lords and others of the privy council for the time being, attendant upon their perfons, to caufe to be printed and fent down before the firft day of September next after the faid certificate, into every county, to the (heriff and juftices of peace there, and to the faid mayor, bailiff and head officers, Proclama-ten or twelve proclamations or more, containing in every ofti°n#toall be them the feveral rates appointed by the faid juftices and other	the

head officers, as is aforefaid, with commandment by the faid wages of fer* proclamations, to all perfons, an the name of the Queen’s ma- vants, &c. jefty, her heirs or fucceflprs, ftraidy to obferve the fame, and to all juftices, (heriffs and other officers, to fee the fame duly, and Severally obferved, upon the danger of the punilhment ana forfeiture limited and appointed by this eftatute: (8) upon receipt whereof the faid (heriffs, juftices of peace and the mayor and head officer in every city or town corporate, (hall caufe the fame proclamations to fee entried of record by the clerk of the peace or by the clerk of the city or town corporate: (9) and the (aid (heriffs, juftices, and other the faid mayor and head offi-> cers, (hall forthwith in open markets, upon the market-days before Mifhaelmat then enfuing, caufe the fame proclamation to be proclaimed in every city or market-town within the limits of their commiffion, and the fame proclamation to be fixed in fome convenient place of the faid city and town, or in fuch of the moil occupied market-towns, as to the faid (heriffs, juftices of peace and to the faid mayor and head officers (hall be thought meet.

XVI. And if the faid (heriffs, juftices of peace, or the mayor Continuance or head officer, (hall at their faid general feffions or at any time alteration after within fix weeks then following, upon their affembfy and	-

conference together, think it convenient to retain and keep tor the jufbccs difcrev ’ year theft tp cpme the rates and proportions of wages that they cer- tfon.

M 3	ti£ed

i6(y	Anno	quinto Elizabeths, e.4.	[156*.

tilled the year before, or to change or to reform them or feme part of them; then they (hall before the faid twelfth day of July yearly /certify into the fata court of chancery their refolutions and determinations therein, to the intent that proclamations may accordingly be renewed and fent down. (2) And if k (hall happen, that there be no need of any reformation or alteration of the rates of the faid wages, but that the former (hail be thought : meet to be continued; then the proclamations for the ydar paft (hall remain in force until new proclamations upon new rates concerning the faid wages (hall be fent down aecdrding to the form of this eftatute.

The fine pf the	XVII. And be it further enaded by authority of this prefent

juftices, parliament, That if all the faid juftices of peace, refiant wkh-mayor, bai- m the counties Where they are or mall be jufticesof peace, mayors tfS,bf t^lth aiJ^ ^ca<* °®GeTS> do not tefcr® the renth day of June next co-theuxlng^f mmg* and afterward yearly, appear and aflemble at the (aid gc-fervants 6 neral feffions, or within fix Weeks next after the faid general ya^ci,	feffions, and limit and fate the wages of the faid fervants and la-

bourers, or ihall not coiifider whether the former rat;* made be meet to be continued or to be altered and reformed in manner and form aforefak), or be negligent of retnife in the certificate thereof in form above-written, that then every j oft ice Jof peace of^he county, and every mayor or head officers of the city or* town corporate, in whom any fuch default or negligence (hah be found, being within the faid county, city dr town corporate at the time of the faid next aflembly, or at the time or tbefrid feffions, or at the times of the faid rates Of wages to be fetf, within fix weeks next after every fuch feffions^ arid not vifiwi with any fuch ficknefs as he could nSt travel thither without peril and' v danger of his life, or not having any other lawftll andgoodex-cufe, to be allowed by the juftices then afl&mblad for th&’fating and taxing of wages as is aforefajd, or by the move* part of upon a corporal oath arid affidavit to be taken find made opirily before the faid juftices upon the holy evangel!fts, by feme credible perfon affefled and taxed in the book 6f fubfidy of that county to the clear value of five pounds at the leaft, or by fuch other perfon as tfie mod part of fuch juftites (hall allow and accept to take fuch oath, (hall for fuch default of negligence forfeit unto the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflbtfs, ten pounds of lawful money of England.

The punifh- XVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, pent of him That if any perfon after the faid proclamation (hall be fo fent that giveth down and publiflied, (hall by any fecret ways Or means, diredly thaii i^r^Ked or ipdireftly retain or keep any fervant, workman or labourer, by the juftices, or (hall give any more or greater wages or pthdr commodity, te.	contrary	to	the true intent and purport of this eftatute, or con-

trary to the rates or wages that (hall be afiefied or appointed in the ftid proclamations; that then every perfon that (hall fo offend, and be thereof lawfully convided before 6ny the juftices pr other head officers above-remembred, Or either of the faid prefidents and councils, (hall fuffer imprisonment by the (pace

of

1564.] Anno quinto Elizabeth,®.	x:.^.iSy

of ten days, without bail or mainprife, and fliall lofe and forfeit five pounds of lawful money of England.

XIX.	And that every perfbn thkt (hall be fo retained and The punifh-take wages contrary to this eftatute.or any branch thereof, or ment of the of the £ud proclamation, and fliall be thereof convided before £ervant? lathe juftices aforefaid, or any two of them, or before the mayor thsu^tak^th or other head officers aforefaid, (hall fuffer imprifonment by more wages the fpace of one and twenty days, without bail or mainprife. than is taxed.

XX.	And that every retainer, promife, gift or payment of Every retainer

wages or other thing whatsoever contrary to the true meaning contrary to of this eftatute, and every writing and bond to be made for this ftatute that purpofe, (hall be utterly void and of none eflfed.	&al1 be V0ld#

XXL And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if The any fervant, workman or labourer, (hall wilfully or malicioufly ment of the make any aflault or affray upon his matter, miftrefs or dame, fervant that or upon any other that fliall at the time of fuch aflault or affray, j?aketh,af' have the charge or overfight of any fuch fervant, workman or ^afterfmif-8 labourer, or of the work wherein the faid fervant, workman or trefs, or overlabourer is appointed or hired to work, and being thereof con* feer. vided before any two of the juftices, mayor or other head officer aforefaid, where the faid offence is committed, or before either of the faid lords prefidents and council before remembred, byconfeffion of the faid fervant, workman or labourer, or by the teftimony, witnefe and oath of two honeft men; that then every fuch offender fliall fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of one whole year or kfs, by the difcretion of two juftices of peace if * it be without a town corporate; (2) and if it be within atown corporate, then tyy thediferetian of the mayor or head officer of the feme town corporate, with two others of the difereeteft pen-fans of the feme corporation at the leaft: (3) And if the offence fliall require further pumftiment, then to receive fudi other open puniftiment, fo as it extend not to life nor limb, as the juftices of peace in open fefiions, or as the more part of them, or the faid mayor or head officer, and fix or four at the lead of the difereeteft perfects of the fame corporation, before whom the of- , fence fliall be examined, (hall think convenient for the quality of the faid offence fo done or committed.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority Artificers aforefaid, That in the time of hay or corn harveft, the juftices compellable to of peace and every of them, and alfo the conftableor other head *1°^ m ??*“ officer of every townftlip upon requeft, and for the avoiding of and ftar~ the lofs of any com, grain or hay, (hall and may caufe all luch artificers and perfons as be meet to labour, by the diferetions of the faid juftices or conftables, or other head officers, or by any of them, to ferve by the day for the mowing, reaping,

(hearing, fetting or inning of com, grain and hay, according to the (kill and quality of the perfon; (2) and that none of the faid perfons fhall refufe fo to do, upon pain to fuffer imprifonment in the flocks by the fpace of two days and one night: (3) And the conftable of the town or other head officer of the fame, yriierc the faid refufsd (ball be made, upon complaint to him

M 4	made,

168

A provifo fqr Come that go intp other (hires for work in‘hay-time and harveft.

Women compellable to ferve that be above twelve and under forty years old, unmarried, and forth pf fer-ficc.

Husbandmen may take apprentices.

Every hoiife-holder dwelling in any town corporate may rake an apprentice for fevep years.

Anno quinto Elizabethjfi. c«4i [1562^

made, (hall have authority by virtue hereof to fetthe laid offend-r ter in the Hocks for the time aforefaid, and (hall punilh him accordingly, upon pain to lofe and forfeit for not doing thereof the fum of forty (hillings.

XXIII.	Provided alfo. That all perfons of the counties where they have accuftomed to go into other (hires for harveft-workj ana having at that time no harveft work fufficient in the fame town or county where he or they dwelt in the winter then laft paft, bringing with him or them a teftitnonial under the hand and deal of one juftice of the peace of the (hire, or other head officer of the town or place that he or they come from, teftify-ing the fame, for the which he (hall pay not above one peny (other than fuch perfons as (hall be retained in fervice, according to the form of this eftatute) may repair and refort in harveft pf hay or com, from the counties wherein their dwelling-places are, into any other place or county, for the only mowing, reaping and getting of hay, com or grain, and for the only working of harveft-works, as they might have done before the making of this eftatute; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIY. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That two juftices of peace, the mayor or other head officer of any city, borough or town corporate, and two aldermen, or two other oificreet burgefles of the fame city, borough or town corporate, if there be no aldermen, (hall arid may, by virtue hereof, appoint any fuch woman as is of the age of twelve years, and under the age of forty years and unmarried, and forth of fervice, as they (hall thins: meet to ferve, to be retained or ferve by the year, or by the week or day, for fuch wages, and in fuch reafonable fort and manner as they (hall think meet; (2) and if any fuch woman (hall refufe fo to ferve, then it (hall be lawful for the faid juftices of peace, mayor or head officers, to commit fiicb woman to ward, until (he (hall be bounden to ferve as is aforefaid.

XXV.	And for the better advancement of bulbandry and tillage, and to the intent that fuch as are (it to be made apprentices to hulbandry, maybe bounden thereunto, (2) be it ena<5fc7 ed by tbe authority of this prefent parliament, That every per-fon being an houiholder, and having and ufing half a ploughs land at the lead in tillage, may have and receive as an apprentice any perfon above the age of ten years, and under the age of eighteen years, to ferve in htj(bandry, until his age of one and twenty years at the leaft, or until the age of twenty-four years, as the parties can agree, and the faid retainer and taking of aq apprentice, to be made and done by indenture*

XXVI.	And be it further enacted. That every perfpn being an houiholder, and twenty-four years old at the lead, dwelling or inhabiting, or which (nail dwell and inhabit in any city or town corporate, and ufing and exercifing any art, myftery or manual occupation there, (hall and may, after the feaft of Saint John Baptijl next coming, durihg the time tjigt he (hall fp

i s6ii\	Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.4.	*{>9

dwell or inhabit in any fuch city or town corporate, and ufe and cxercife any fuch myftery, art or manual occupation, have and 1 retain the fon of any freeman, not occupying hufbandry, nor being a labourer, and inhabiting in the fame, or in any other city or town that now is or hereafter (hall be and continue incorporate, to ferve and be bound as an apprentice after the cu-ftom and order of the city of London, for (even years at the leaft, fo as the term and years of fuch apprentice do i>ot expire or de- • termine afore fuch apprentice (hall be of the age of twenty-four years at the leaft.

XXVII* Provided always and be it enadfced. That it (hall Merchants, not be lawful to any perfon dwelling in any city or town corpo- &c. may take rate, ufing or exercifing any of the myfttries or crafts of a mer- no apprentice* chant trafficking by traffick or trade into any the parts beyond	may

the fea, mercer, draper, goldfmith, ironmonger, imbroidereror difpend xl.s. clothier, that doth or (hall put cloth to making and fale, to take of freehold* any apprentice or fervant to be inftrudted or taught in any of the arts, occupations, crafts or myfteries which they or any of them do ufe or exercife except fuch fervant or apprentice be his Ion 5. (2) or elfe that the father and mother of fuch apprentice' or fervant, (hall have, at the time of making fuch apprentice or fervant, lands, tenements or other hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings of one eftate of inheritance or freehold at the leaft, to be certified under the hands andfealsof three juftices of the peace of the ihire or (hires where the (aid lands, tenements or other hereditaments, do or (hall lie, to the mayor, bailiff or other head officers of fuch city or town corporate, and to be inrplled among the records there*

XXVIII.	And be it further enadted, That front and after Whom they the faid feall of St. John the Baptiji next, it (hall be lawful may have for ' to every perfon being an houfholaer, and four and twenty years

old at the leaft, and not occupying huibandry, nor being a la- dwell m mar-bourer, dwelling or inhabiting, or that (hall hereafter dwell or ket-towns not inhabit in any town not being incorporate, that now is or here- corporate, after (hall be a market-town, fo long as the fame (hall be weekly *•Co*,l5# ufed and kept as a market-town, andufing or exercifing any art, myftery or manual occupation, during the time of his abode there, and fo ufing and exercifing fuch art, myftery or manual occupation asaforefaid, to have in like manner to apprentice or apprentices, the child or children of any other artificer or artificers, not occupying huibandry, nor being a labourer, which now do or hereafter (hall inhabit or dwell in the fame, or in any other fuch market-town within the fame (hire, to ferve as apprentice or apprentices as is aforefaid, to any fuch art, myftery or manual occupation, as hath been ufually exercifecj in any fuch market-town, where fuch apprentice (hall be bound in manner and form abovefaid*

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it enadted. That it (hall what appren-

not be lawful to any perfon, dwelling or inhabiting in any fuch tices mer-jnarket-town, ufing or exercifing the feat, myftery or art of a chants, 6tc. fnerchant, trafficking or trading into the parts beyond the feas,	*

M	'	mercer,	■	’

170-	Annpquinto Elizabeths, c.4,	[1562.

not corporate mercer, draper, goldlmjth, ironmonger, imbroideref dr clothier*. Cro El * *	or AwU put cloth to making and fale, to take any ap- •

’ 7*J* prentice, or in any wife to teach or inftrudt any perfctn in the arts, fciences or myfteries feft before recited,: after the feaft of St. John Baptifi aforefaid; except fuch fervant or apprentice Ihatf be his fon? or elfo that the father or mother of fuch apprentice ih?Jl have,lands, tenements or other hereditaments, at the time of taking fuch apprentice, of the dear yearly value of three-pounds, of one eftate of..inheritance or freehold at the. leaft, to be certified under the hands and feals of three juftices • -df the peaces'of' the (hire or. (hires where the faid lands, tenements or. other hereditaments do or (hah lie, to the head officers: or head officer of fuch maofeet-town where fuch apprentice .or: fervaet (hall be taken, there to be inrollcd by fuch head officers* always to remain pf .recori..

Thtfe artifi- XXX. And be it further enabled. That from and after, the faid fedl.it.fhall.be lawful to anyperfon nfing or exercidng the vrilofe parents vt or. occupation. of; a ftnith, wheel-bright, plough-.wright, may depend mill-wright, carpenter, rough mafon, plaiftecor, fawyer, lime-*° land. burner, bride-maker,. bricklayer, tyler,hater, holier, tjfle-mak-er, linen-weaver, turner,, cowper, millers, earthen potters, woolen weaver weaving hufwives or houfhold cloth only and none other cloth, fuller, otherwife called-tucker or .walker, burner of oare and wood-affies, thatcher or (hingier, whecefoever he or they (halldwell or inhabit, to have nr receive the ion of any perfon as apprentice, in-manner and form afore (aid, to be tailin'

1 Lev. *4.9. - ^d inftruded in thefe occupations onljt, and in none other, al-

*	Salk. 6n. beit the father or mother of any fuch' apprentice have not any

Carthew. 16s. lands,'tenements or. hereditaments. :......

3Mo4r*i*. i XXXI. And be it further eAadod by-the authority aforefeid. None may wfeThat after the firft day of May 'next coming, it (hull not be) any manual lawful to ally per ion or peefons, other than fuch as now do law-occupation, fully ufe or exercife any irt, myflery or manual occupation, except he hath (2) to fet up, occupy, ute,or exercife any craft,tny(lery or oc-tice*t^Si?n" cuP*t*on> now ufed or occupied within the tfcalmof	or

lame, &c.	Wales; except he (hall have been brought :up therein feven

31 El’, c. j.	years at theleaftas an apprentice, in manner and form abovcw

** Geo.2x.44. faid. (jj.) nor to fet any perfon on work in fuch myftery, art on?

1 Rolfr *79’ OCCBPat‘on» being not a workman at this day;. (5) except he

*	Roll. 391. (hall have been apprentice as .is aforefaid'; (6) or eife-having Stiles 213,383. ferved as an apprentice as is aforefaid, (hall or will become a

DipUlersex- journeyman, or be hired by the year; (7) upon pain that every *Ann* ^at \ P^011 willingly offending or doing the contrary, (hall forfeit cT^f.s. * lofe for every default forty (hillings for every month.

1 Lutw. 164.1 Lev. 206. i S Co. 119. 11 Co. 54. Cro. El. 737. Cro. Jac. 85, 178, 538. Cro. Car. 316, 347, 497, 516. Hob. »ii, 183. Noy. j.

What fort of XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enafled by the prrfous wool, authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons ufing orexereifing en weavers the art or myfteiy of a woolen cloth-weaver, other than fuch ad may take ap- be inhabiting within the counties of

prentice?, J^ancajier and Wales, weaving frizes* cottons or hufwives clotb

only.

1562.J	Anno quinto Elizabeths. c. 4,

i>i

only, making and weaving woolen doth commonly fold or to be fold by any dothman or clothier, (hall take and have an apprentice^ or (hall teach or in any wife inftru& any perfon or perfons in the fcknce, art br occupation of weaving aforefaid, in any Village, town or place (Cities, towns corporate and market-towns only except) unlefs fuch perfon be his fon, or elfe that Repealed h $ the father or mother of fuch apprentice or fervant (hall at the Sc 6. W. «M. time of the taking of fuch perfon or perfons to be an apprentice c* 9* or fervant,. or to be fo mftruded, have lands or tenements or other hereditaments, to the clear yearly value of there pounds at the leaft, of an eftatfe of inheritance or freehold, to be certified under the hands and feals of three juftices of the peace of the (hire or (hires where the faid lands, tenements br other hereditaments do or (hall lie; (2) the bffedt of the indenture to be re-

Ssred within three months in the pari(h where fuch matter 1 dwell, and to pay for fuch regiftring four pence ; (3) upon pain of forfeiture or twenty (hillings for every month that any* perfon (hah otherwife take any apprentice, or fet any fuch per^ ion on work contrary to the meaning of this article.

- XXXIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that hath That all and every perfon and perfons that (hall have three apr ' prentices in any of the faid crafts, myfteries or occupations or a k^ep qnejovr* doth-maker, fuller, (heerman, weaver, taylor or (hoemaker, neyman.

(hall retain and keep one journeyman, and for every other ap- /	.

prentice above the number of the faid three apprentices, one •	•

otherjourneyman, upon pain for everydcfault therein ten pounds.

XXXIV. Provided always, That thi$ a<5t, nor any thing a provifo for therein contained, (hall not extend1 to prejudice br hinder any li- the liberties of berries heretofore granted byiany a6t ;bf parliament, to or for the £orfted-ma-company and occupation of worfted-rtvakers and worfted-weavers ,4^ j^Nor-withtn the city of Norwich, and dfewhere within the county of folk.

Norfolk, which liberties be in force until the beginning of this 14&15 H. 8. prefent parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary c* 3* in any wife notwithft&nding.

XaXV. And be it further gnaAed, That if any perfon (hall The puni/h-be required by any houfhoider, having and ulinghaJr a plough- ment of him land at the leaft in tillage, to be an apprentice, and to ferve in that reftifeth huibandry, or in any other kind of art, myftery or fcience be- prentice. *** fore exprefled, and mall refufe fo to do, that then upon thep *# complaint of fuch houfekeeper made to one Juftice of the peac? of the county wherein the faid refqfal is or (hall be made, or of fiich houtholaer inhabiting in any city, town corporate or market-town, to the mayor, bailiffs -or head officer of the faid city,	*

town corporate or market-town, if any fuch refafal (hall there be, they (hall have full power and authority by virtue hereof, to fend for the fame perfon fo refufing: (2) And if the faid juftice, or the faid mayor or head officer mall think the faid perfon meet and convenient to ferve as an apprentice in that art, labour £ci-$nce or myftery. wherein he (hall be fo then required to ferve:

That then the (aid juftice, or the faid mayor or head officer, ffiall have power and authority by virtue hereof, if the faid per-

V7*	Anno	quintd	Elizabeths	c.4:	[1562;

ion refufe to be bound as an apprentice, to commit him unto ward, there to remain until he be contented, and will be bound-en to ferve as an apprentice (hould. ferve, according to the true The remedy intent and meaning of this prefent a<SL (j) And if any fuch prCTtiMwhkh ma^er m^e or evil intreat his apprentice, or that the laid u mifufed by apprentice fhall have any juft caufe to complain, or the appren-his mafter,and tice do not his duty to his matter, then the (aid matter or ap-h thcKma^cr prentice being grieved, and having caufe to complain, (hall re-pwmticedoFh Pa*r W*to onc Ju^c peace within the faid county, or to the npt his duty, V^yor or pther head officer of the city, town corporate, market-town or other place where the faid matter. dwelleth, who (hall by his wifdom and diferetion take fuch order and direction between the faid matter and his apprentice, as the equity of the caufe (hall require; (4) and if for want of good conformity in the faid matter, the laid jufticeof peace, or the faid mayor or Other head officer cannot compound and agree the matter between him and his apprentice, then the faid juftice, or the faid mayor or other head officer, (hall take bond of the faid matter to appear at the next feffions then to be holden in the faid county, or within the faid city, town corporate or market-* town, to be before the juttices of the faid county, or the mayor or head officer pf the faid tpiyn corporate or market-town, if Where an ap-.the faid matter dwell within any fuch ; (5) and upon his ap-P?3ifh may. pearance and hearing of the matter before the faid juttices, or. pf his^pren- feid mayor or other head officer, if it be thought meet unto tipfboodf them to dilcharge the faid apprentice of his apprenticehood, that . then faid juttices, or four of them at the leaft, whereof one to be of the quorum ; or the faid mayor or other head officer, with the aflent of three other of his brethren, or men of beft reputation within; the faid. city, town corporate or marketrtown, (hall have power by authority hereof, in writing under their hands and feals, to pronounce apd declare. That they have . difeharged the faid apprentice pf his apprenticehopd, and the caufe thereof; (6) and the faid writing fo being made apd enrolled by the clerk of the peace or town-clerk, amongft the records that he jceepeth, (hall be a fufficient difebarge for the faid apprentice againtt his matter, his executors and adminiftrators ; the indenture of the faid apprenticehood, or any law or cuftoui to the contrary notwithftanding. (7) And if the default (half be found to be ip the apprentice, then the faid juttices, or the faid mayor or other head officer, with the affittance afore-faid, (hall caufe fuch due correction apd puniftiment to be miniftred unto him, as by their wifdom and ffiferetions (hall be thought meet.

None fhall be- XXXVI, Provided always, and be it enacted by authority of bound to be this prefent parliament, That no perfop fhall by force or colour but thofe** t^1*s eftatute be boundep to enter into any • apprentice(hip, which he un- other than fuch as be under the age of twenty-one years, der xxi. years XXXVII. And to the end that this eftatute may from time P*	10 time be carefully and diligently put in good execution, ac-

cording to the tenor and true meaning thereof, be it enacted by

»	authority



AhnO qurnto Eliza^eThA. C.4.;

'H

authority of this preferit parliament. That the juftices of peace Affcmbly of of every county, dividing themfelves into feveral limits, andtb*

Iikewife every mayor and Head officer of any city or town cor- ™^for the porate, (hall yearly between the feaft of St. Mtchael the arch- due execution angel, and the nativity of our Lord* arid between the feaft of the of this ftatute* annunciation of our Lady and the feaft of the nativity of * St.

John Baptijl, by all fuch ways and means as to their wifdoms mall be thought riioft meet* make a fpecial arid diligent enquiry ( of the branches and articles of this eftatute, and of the good execution of the fame; and where they (hall find any defaults, to fee the famefeverely corrected and puniflied, without favour, affeCtion, malice or difpleafure.

XXXVIII.	And in confideration of the pains 4nd travel that The juftices the faid juftices of peaCe, and the faid mayor and head office^ allowance for (hall take and fuftain in and about the execution of this efta-t^P**114' tute, it is further ordained and enaCted by authority of this

prefent parliament. That eveiy juftice of peace, mayor or head officer, for every day that he (nail fit in and about the execution of this eftatute, (hall have allowed unto him five (hillings, ttf be allowed and paid unto him, or unto the faid mayor or head officer, of the fines and forfeitures of the pains and penalties that (hall be forfeited and due unto the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, by force of this eftatute, in fuch manner and form as the faid juftices have been heretofore commonly paid for their coming and charges at the quarter-feflions ; lo that the fitting of the faid juftices or mayor, or head officer, be not at any one time above three days, and for the matters contained in this eftatute.

XXXIX.	And be it enaCted by authority aforefaid. That Who (hall the one half of all forfeitures and penalties exprefled and’men-b?vethefor-tioned in this eftatute, other than fuch as are exprefly oiherwife.J?^® ®?f* appointed, (hall be to our fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, ftatute.m lf her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them Moor 886. that (hall fue for the fame in any of the Queen’s maiefty’s courts1 Cro. 499* of record, or before any of the juftices of ioyer and terminer, or

before any other juftices, or prefident and council before remem-bred, by aCtion of debt, information, bill of complaint or other-wife 5 in which aCtions or fuits, no protections, wager of law or efloin (hall be allowed; (2) and that the (kid iuftices, or two jufticcgof of them, whereof one to be of the quorum, and the faid prefi- peace, mayor, dents and council, as is aforefaid, and the faid mayors or other &c. may hear bead officers of cities or towns corporate, (hall have full power a*!d dc[er-and authority to hear and determine all and every offence and ]£nc«ac0inl offences that (hall be committed or done againft this eftatute, mitted again!* or againft any branch thereof, as well upon, indictment to be this ftatute taken before them in the feffions of the peace, as upon infor-	5*

mation, aCtion of debt, or bill of complaint to be fued or ex- 1	*70'

hibited by any perfon; (3) and lhall and may by virtue hereof make procefs againft the defendant, and award execution, as ip any other cafe they lawfully may by any the laws and

ftatutes

174	Anno	quinto Elizabeth^, cr.4* tfs&ii

ftatutes of this realm ; (4) and (hill yearly in Michaelmas term certify by eftreat, the fines and forfeitures of every the offences contained in this eftatute, that (hall be found before them, into the court of exchequer, in like fort and form a* they be bound to certify the eftreats for other offences and forfeitures to be loft before them; any thing in this ftatute contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

A provifo for XL. Provided always. That thi$ ad, or any thing therein the cities of contained or mentioned, (hall not be prejudicial or hurtful to Ixmdon and the cities of London and Norwich, pr to the lawful liberties, Norwich.. ufages, cuftoms or privileges of the fame cities, for or concerning the having or taking of any apprentice or apprentices; but that the citizens and freemen of the fame cities foall and may take, have and retain apprentices there, in fuch manner and form as they might lawfully have done before the making of this ftatute; this a#, Pr any thing therein contained, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

The forfeiture XLI. And be it alfo further enaded, That all indentures, of him that covenants, promifes and bargains of or for the having, taking taketh an ap- OT keeping of any apprentice, otherwife hereafter to be made oAerwife than taken, than is by this ftatute limited, ordained and appointed, is limited by (hall be dearly void in the law, to all intents and purppfes ; this ftatute. (2) and that every perfon that fhall from henceforth t;ake or newly main any apprentice contrary to the tenor and true meaning of this ad, (haU forfeit and lofe for every apprentice fo by him taken, the fum of ten pounds.

He that is XLH. And becaufe there Jjatb been, and is fame qiieftton and bound ap- firuple moved, whether any perfdn> being within the age of one and, ETt^aeeof' twenty ]&rs% and bounden to ferUe as an apprentice, in any other place xxj. years is than *n the faid city ^London, Jbould be bounden, accepted and taken compellable as cm apprentice;

to ferve.	XL1II.	For	the	refolution	of	the faid fcrUple and doubt, be

it enaded by authority of this ptefent parliament, That all and every fuch perfon or perfons that at anytime or times from henceforth (hall be bounden by indenture to ferve as an apprentice in any art, fcience, occupation or labour, according to the tenor of this eftatute, and in manner and form ;aforefaid, albeit the fame apprentice, or any of them, IhMl be within the age of one and twenty years, at the time of the making of their fevcral indentures, (hall be bounden to ferve for the years in their feveral indentures contained, as amply and largely to every intent, as if the fame apprentice were of mil age at the time of the making of fuch indentures; any law, ufage ©r.cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding. .

A provifo for XLIV\ Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority^ tante of Go-	That the inhabitants now dwelling or inhabiting, or

daiming in* that hereafter Stall dwell or inhabit within the town of QodaU Surrey.	ming within the county of Surrey, within the limits of the watch

of the faid town, may ufe and; exercife fuch arts, myfteries and occupations, and take and ufe .apprentices andfemots, in fach

manner

.1561.] .Anna quinta Elizabbthjb. c.£	175

manner and form as the inhabitants .within market towns by this ftatute may lawfully' do.

XLV. Providedalways, and be itenafted* by the authority Who (hall • aforefaid, That all manner attnerciaments, fines, iffiies and ^9for* forfeitures Which (hall arife, grow, or come by reafon of*any offences or defaults mentioned in this a ft, or any branch thereof, towns cor-within any city or town corporate, ihall be levied, gathered and porate. received by fuch perfon or perfons of the fame city or town corporate, as (hall be appointed by the mayor or other head officers mentioned in this (aid aft, to the ufe and maintenance of the fame city or town corporate, in fuch cafe and condition as any manner other amerciaments, fines, ifliaes or forfeitures have been ufed to be levied and employed within the fame city or town corporate, by reafon of any grant or charter from the Queen's majefty that now is, or of any her Grace’s noble progenitors, made and granted to the fame city, borough or town corporate; any thing or claufe before-mentioned and expreffed in this aft to tne contrary notwithftariding.

XLVI. Provided always. That this aft, or any thing therein Retaining* contained, (hall not extend to any . lawful retainings or cove- and covenants nants had or made before the making of this aft, but that all made before 4 and every the parties to fuch retainings or covenants (hall and this ftatute. may have the feme and like advantages of fuch retainings and covenants, and of the ftatutes heretofore in that behalf provided, as if this adthad never been had or made; any claufe of repeal or other matter whatfoever in this aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

aLVIL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, A remedy for That if any fervant or apprentice of hufbandry, or of any art, thofe fervants frience or occupation aforefaid, unlawfully depart or flee into which depart any other fhire ; that it (hall be lawful to the faid juftices of m^ersfand peace, and to the faid mayors, bailiffs and other head officers do flee into of cities and towns corporate, for the time being juftices of other (hires, peace there, to make and grant writs of Capias, fo many, and fuch as ihall be needful, to be direfted to the (heriffis of the counties, or to other head officers of the places whither fuch fervants or apprentices (hall fo depart or flee, to take their bodies, returnable before them at what time (hall pleafe them ; fo that if they come by fuctPprocefs, that they be put in prifon till they (hall find fufficient furety well and honeftly to ferve their mafters, miftrefles or dames from whom they fo departed or fled, according to the order of the law.

XLV III. Provided always. That it (hall be lawful to the High confta-high* conftables of hundreds in every (hire, to hold, keep and hies may keep continue1 petty feflions, otherwife called ftatute-feffions, within the limit* of their authorities, in all fhires wherein fudi feflions have been ufed to be kept, in fuch manner and form as heretofore hath been ufed and accuftomed, fo as nothing be by them done therein contrary or repugnant to this prefent aft.

tjS

Conflitutjori* for the maintenance Qf the Navy, &c.

13 Co. 5*. Goldfb. 39. pL 16.

Any fubjeft may carry fea-fiih forth of the realm }n any of the Queen's fub-jeJts fliips without paying cuftomg/ EXP.

xl El. c. xx. i.%.

Noiie (hall fet price of, make reftraint or demand toll of feafifh brought into this realm. 'Tbi fim of ten pounds is forfeited by 10&11 W. 3. C. 24.. f. 10.

Provifo for the mayor> &c. of King-fton upon Hull.

13 H. $. c. 33.

Anno quinto EUzabethje. c.5. fi56H

CAP V.

An aft touching politick confutations for the maintenance of

the navy.

FOR die better maintenance and encreafe of die navy of this realm of England, be h enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, with the afleht of the lords fpiritual and tenrw pond, and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority aforefaid, That from the firft day of Aprily Anno Dom. one thoufand five hundred fixty-four, and fo from thenceforth it (hall be lawful to all and every of the fubjefts ©f our fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs and fucceflors, at hiu and their wifi and pleafure, to early and tranfport out of this realm, in the (hips and other veflels of any of the fubjefts aforefaid, all and every kind of herrings and other fea-fifh, to be taken upon the feas by any of the fubjefts aforefaid (any aft of parliament or. law to the contrary notwithftanding) (2) and that all and every perfon and perfons which (hall by virtue of thi* ad tranfport carry any herrings or other fea-fifh, from or out of any port or harbour of this realm, to any plade out of thef dominions of the Queen’s majefty, her heirfs or fucceflors, fhall be free from payment of any cuftom, fubfidy or poundage money for the fame fifh fo carried or transported, during the ipace of four whole years, beginning at the fold firft day of April one thoufand five hundred fixty-four, and lb further dur-* ing her Majefty’s pleafure#

• II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from the fir# day of May next coming it fhall not be lawful to any perfon or perfons in any port, city, town, market, or other place within this realm, to fet price, make any reftraint, or take or demand toll or tax of any lea-fifh to be brought into this realm, or any part thereof, being taken by any of the fub-» jefts aforefaid in the fhips or other vefTels of the fame fubjefts, upon pain to every perfon offending contrary to the meaning hereof, to forfeit the value of ,the fifh fo reftrained, prized, tolled or taxed; any liberty, cuftom, grant, privilege or other matter whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

• III. Provided always. That this prefent aft, nor any thing therein contained, fhall be prejudicial or hurtful to the mayor and burgeffes of the King’s town upon Hull, or their fucceflors, tnayors and burgeffes ofthe fame town, or to any other officer or.minifter of the fame, town at any time hereafter 3 but that they and every of them may receive, have and take all and every fuch toll, cuftoms and fums of money, of all and every fuch perfon and perfons, as is limited, appointed and fet forth by them to be taken in an aft of parliament made in tlie three and thirtieth year of the reign .of our late fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth : and that neither the faid mayor and burgeffes of Kingfion upon Hull, nor any inhabitant there, or any of them, fhall take any advantage of that article of this eftatute for the carriage of any herrings or faked fifh to any the parts beyond 6	the

m

1562.]	Anno	quinto	Elizabeths.	c.5.

the fea; any thing in this prefent ad mentioned, contained, fpecified or declared in any wife to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no No purveyor purveyor or other perfon whatfoever fhall from the faid firft ?aUfit/Jke/ny day of May, by virtue of any commiffion or otherwife, take any

herring or fea-fifh from any of the fribjeds aforementioned that the fame in (hall take the fame in the (hips or other veflels of the faid fub- any fubjeds jeds as is abovefaid, other wife than by agreement of the owners or fellers of the fame fifh, upon pain for every purveyor, and other perfon whatfoever, offending contrary to the tenor of this ad, to forfeit the double value of the herrings or fifh fo to be taken : (2) dnd it (hall be lawful for any perfon, being owner or feller of any fuch fea-fi(h fo taken as is aforefaid, to withftand any perfon that will (by any colour of purveying or otherwife) demand any fuch filh, or the toll of any fuch fifh, without the good-will of the owner or feller as aforefaid.

V.	Provided, That the fifh called compofition-fifh, hereto- A prcwfo for fore granted to the Queen’s majefty by the fubjeds of this realm j^P°fiUon-travelling into IJeland, (hall be taken by her Majefty’s officers

and purveyors* in fuch fort as the fame hath been lawfully ufed

to be taken before the making of this ad \ (2) and faving to

the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and to all other

perfons, fuch fifties as be known and ufed to be called regal Regal fifhes.

fifties, whereunto her Majefty, or the faid other perfons, have

or (hall have right or intereft, for fuch recompence as heretofore

hath been accuftomed.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, n0 herring That from the faid firft day of Aprils which (hall be in the year (hall be

of our Lord God one thoufand five hundred fixty-four, it mall brought forth not be lawful to any perfon or perfons, to buy of any ftranger	^ich

bom out of the Queen’s majefty’s obeyfance, or out of any js not ^lted, ftranger’s bottom, any herring, being not fufficiently falted, packed and ’ packed and cafked, upon pain to every perfon and perfons fo cafked fuflU buying, to forfeit the herrings fo by. him or them to be bought ciently. or the value thereof. ■

VII.	Provided always, That this branch of this ad (hall not A provifo for

extend to any herrings to be bought, which by reafon of (hip-	into

wrack (hall be brought into this realm, but that it (hall be law- the realm by ful to alLand every perfon and perfons to buy all fuch herrings (hipwrack. fo brought in by (hipwrack as aforefaid, as he or they lawfully

might have done before the making of this ad 5 any thing in this ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	Be it alfo further enaded by the authority aforefaid, No war« may

That from the feaft of St. John Baptijl next enfuing, it (hall j?e carried not be lawful to any perfon or perfons to caufe to be loaden and	nc port

carried in any bottom or bottoms whereof any ftranger or ftrangers	to ano^

bom then be owners, ihipmafters or part-owners, any kind of ther in a fifh, vidual, wares or things, of what kind or nature foever the (hanger's fame (hall be, from one port or creek of this realm to another	%

port or creek of the lame realm ; (2) upon pain to everyone f

VOL.VI.	N	that

x Eliz c. 13. Repealed by 13 El. c. 15.

All cod and ling muft be brought into this realm,

17J ,	Anna	quinto	Elizabeths.	0.5.	[1562.

that (hall offend contrary to the true meaning of this branch of this prefent a<5l, to forfeit all the goods fo laden or carried or the value thereof,

IX.	And that from henceforth all Englijb hoys and plats maycrofs the feas as far as Caen in Normandy, and eaftward as far as Norway; the ftatute made in the firft year of the Queen’s majefty’s reign to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

X.	And forafmuch as there is much deceitful packing ufed in cod and lings brought in barrels or other cajks into this realm ; (2) be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and

loofe^and’not after the firft day of April in the year of our Lord God one ip barrels. thoufand five hundred frxty-four, it (hall not be lawful to any perfon or perfons to bring into this realm any cod or lings in barrels or other calks, but loofe in bulk and by tale,to be fold within this realm; (3) upon pain for every one that, (hall offend contrary to the tenour hereof, to forfeit all the cod and ling fo to be brought in or the value thereof.

EXP. 13El. XI. And be it further enaded. That from the feaft of St. c. xi.	Michael the archangel next following, no perfon or perfons

be brou^ht*^ w^at^oever foaM bring into this realm of England or any part fortho^	fonc*	any	wine	coming out of any of the dominions or

France nor countries belonging to the crown of France, or any woad any woad, called Tholoufe woaa, in any other veflel or veffels, but only brought into jn fuch vefly and veffels, whereof fome fubjedt or fubjedls of in Englifti* Ut Qyeen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, (hall be then only (hipping. owner or part-owner ; (2) upon pain to forfeit all wines and 5 Ed. 6. c. 18. woad brought contrary to the meaning hereof, according to 4H. 7.C. xo. the meaning of an eftatute made in the time of the reign 5 R. 2. flat. 1. Qf King Henry the Seventh concerning wine of the duchy ‘ 3*	of Gafcoign and Guyen, (except that there may be brought into

Wales, or any port within the county of Monmouth, Rochel wines.)

XII.	Be it alfo enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from henceforth it (hall be lawful to all and every owner and owners of (hips or veffels, and to every houfholder ufing and exercifing the trade of the feas by fifhing or- otherwife, and to every

Owners of (hips, fifhers on the fea, gunners and (nipwrights,

la^tafe^p- gunner or gunners, commonly called canoneers, and to every

may prentices.

(hipwright, to take and keep one or more apprentice or apprentices to be brought up in the faid trade or trades, every of the fame apprentice or apprentices to be to them bound for ten years or under : (2) and every apprentice fo taken, being above leven years of age, (hall be by the fame covenants bound, ordered and ufed to all intents according to the cuftom of the city of London; fo that the fame covenant or bond of ap-prentice(hip be made by writing indented, and inrolled in the town where the fame apprentice fliall be then inhabiting, if it be a town corporate; and if the town be not incorporate, then to be inrolled in the next town incorporate to the habitation of every fuch apprentice : (3) and that the officers of every fucji town corporate (hall take for every fuch inrolment

not

1562,]	'	Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.5.	179

not above twelve pence; any law, ftatute or other matter whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That fo much of the ftatute A rcP/*,| °I t made in the fifth and fixth years of the late King Edward the £Ed. 6. * Sixth, intituled, An act againft regrators, forejialkrs, and in- c. 14. made groffers, and fo much of all other eftatutes againft regrators, againft re-foreftallers and ingroflers, as doth and may concern the buy- Srators>

ing of fea-fifh unfaked or mud-fi(h, or any wine, oil or fait, to be taken and brought in any Englijb fubjedts (hips, craters or other veflel, unto any port, creek or place of this realm, fhall from henceforth to all intents, conftrudtions arid purpofes, be utterly repealed, and void, for fo much of the faid oils, wine, fea-fifh, mud-fifh and fait, as any buyer or buyers upon the fea, by way of foreftalling or regrating, (hall and do bring and difeharge in any port or haven within this realm.

XIV.	And for increafe of provifion of filh by the more ufual Every Wed*, and common eating thereof, be it further enabled by the au-PC^*>T thority aforefaid, That from the feaft of St. Michael the arch- £Xp ay* angel in the year of our Lord God one thoufand five hundred 27 El. c, 11. fixty-four, every Wednefday in' every week throughout the

whole year, which heretofore hath not by the laws or cuftoms of this realrii been ufed and obferved as a fifh-dayj and which fhall not happen to fall in Chrftmas week or Eafter week, fhall be hereafter tfbferved and kept, as the Saturdays in every week be or ought to be: (2) and that no manner of perfon fhall eat any flefh on the fame day, otherwife than ought to be upon the common Saturday.

XV.	And be it further enadVed by the authority aforefaid, All fifh-daya for the benefit and commodity of this realm, to grow as well fhall be olain maintenance of the navy, as in fparing and increafe of flefh ffrved. visual of this realm, That from and after the feaft of Pentecoji ^

next coming it fhall not be* lawful to any perfon or perfons orThree111* * within this realm to eat any flefh upon any days now ufually months clofe obferved as fifh-days, or upon any Wednefday now newly impiifonment, limited to be obferved asfifh-day; (2) upon, pain that every ***"£ perfon offending herein fhall forfeit three pound for every time daysprohi-he or they fha^ offend, or elfe fuffer three months clofe impri- bited: fonment without bail or mainprize.	Altered as to

XVI.	And every perfon or perfons within whofe houfe any

fuch offence fhall be done, and being privy or knowing thereof, f 22. and 7* and not effectually punifhing, or difclofing the fame to fome expired. publick officer having authority to punifh the fame, for every fuch offence to forfeit forty fhillings : (2) all which forfeitures Forfeiture of for not abftaining from meats, fhall be divided into three equal a ^(holder parts; that is, one part to the ufe of the Queen's majefty, her ^at^eexp* heirs or fucceffors; the other part to the informer ; the third Howthefor-to the common ufe of the parifh where the offence is or fhall teiture (hall be be committed, and to be levied by the churchwardens after any beftowed. convidtion in that behalf.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That this adl, nor any thing herein contained concerning eating of flefh, fhall

N 2	in

180	Anno quinto Elizabeth®, c.5,	[1562.

A provifo for in any wife extend to any perfon or perfons that (hall here-havT licences a®er “ave any Special licence, upon caufes to be contained in to eat fleih.	the fame licence, and to be granted according to the laws of this

realm in fuch cafes provided:

How much XVIII. *A11 and every which faid licence and licences (hall fcaf^tay^ he void to all intents, unlefs the fame contain the conditions his licence, hereafter mentioned ; that is to fay, every licence made to any perfon or perfons being of the degree of a lord of parliament, or of their wives, (hall be upon condition, that every fuch perfon fo to be licenced (hall pay to the poor mens box within the parifh where they lhall dwell or remain, in the feaft of the purification of the bleflcd virgin Mary> or within fix days after the fame feaft, fix and twenty (hillings and eight pence, the fame to be paid within one month next after the fame feaft, upon pain of forfeiture of every fuch licence ; (2) and every licence to any perfon of the degree of a knight or a knight’s wife, (hall be upon condition, that every" fuch perfon fo licenced (hall pay yearly thirteen (hillings and four pence, to the ufe aforefaia, and in form aforementioned; (3) and every licence to any perfon or perfons being under the degree above faid, (hall be upon condition, that every fuch perfon fo licenced (hall pay yearly fix (hillings and eight pence to the faid ufe, and in form afore mentioned.

XIX. Provided always. That no licence (hall extend to the eating of any beef at any time of the year, nor .to the eating of any veal in any year from the feaft of St. Michael the archangel unto the firft day of May.

Licences in XX. Provided alfo, That all perfons which by reafpn of £2jCS °*notorious ficknefs (hall'be enforced for recovery of health to eat D *	fie(h for the time of their ficknefs, (hall be fufficiently licenced

by the bi(hop of the diocefe ; (2) or by the parfon, vicar or curate of the pari(h where fuch perfon (nail be lick, or of one of the next parilh adjoining, if the faid parfon, vicar or curate of his or their own parilh be wilful, of if there be no curate within the fame parilh; (2) which licence (hall be made in | writing figned with the hand of the bilhop of the diocefe, or of the parfon, vicar or curate, and not to endure longer than the time of the ficknefs ; (4) and ths^t if the ficknefs (hall continue above the fpace of eight days after fuch licence granted, then the licence (hall be regiftered in the church book, with the knowledge of one of the churchwardens ; (5) and the party licenced (hall give to the curate four pence for the entry thereof, and that licence to endure no longer, but only for the time of his her or their ficknefs.

XXI.	And if any licence by any parfon, vicar or curate, be granted to any perfon or perfons, other than fuch as evidently appear to have need thereof by reafon of their ficknefs ; not only every fuch licence (hall be void, but alfo every fuch parfon, vicar or curate, (hall forfeit for every fuch licence otherwife, granted, five marks.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That all licences heretofore granted to any fubjeft of this realm by any of the late

Kings

1562.] Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.5.	181

Kings, or by the late Queen Mary, or by the Queen’s majefty The licences now being, or by any archbiftiop of this realm, having au- g^ntedtoany thority fo to do, (hall be of as good force in law for the Wed- the makineof nefday now limited, and other accuftomed filh-days, as they this aft (hall were before the making of this a<5t for the faid other accuftomed extend to the fifh-days, fo as the parties licenced do hereafter obferve all Wednefdays. fuch conditions as be limited in this eftatute to fuch as (hall hereafter obtain any licences.

XXIII.	And fuch perfons alfo as heretofore were or ought to Licences by be licenced by reafon of age or other impediment or cauie, by the law.eccte-order of the ecclefiaftical laws, (hall enjoy the fame privilege fiaftkal. and accuftomed licences; any thing in this adt to the contrary

hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXIV.	And be it enadted by the authority of this prefent iSctPh.&M. parliament. That no forfeiture of (hip, crayer or other veflel, c. 5.

or of anv apparel of the fame, nor any other penalty or for-	what only

feiture, mall be extended or grow againft any owner or owners ^p^aiT of any (hip, crayer or other veflel, for the tranfporting or carry- forfeit for ing or any wheat or other corn, or things prohibited by tne tranfporting eftatute made in the parliament holden the firft and fecond °f cor®*' years of King Philip and Queen Mary^ unlefs the fame owner ExP" or owners (hall be witting, knowing, aiding or confenting to the prohibiting, tranfporting or carrying ; the faid ftatute or any thing therein mentioned to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.	%

XXV.	And be it farther cnadted by the authority of this wines (hall be prefent parliament. That all and every perfon and perfons, fold at fuch which be or (hall be by the laws and eftatutes ofthis realm, or otherwife authorized to fell wines by retail in the feveral coun- the Queen’s y ties and places where they be or mall be fo authorized, (hall procuration, and may from henceforth fell the faid wines by pint, quart, *9 & 9* c. 14. pottle, gallon or otherwife, at fuch price or prices, and in fuch

form, as (hall be limited by the Queen’s majefty’s proclamation in that county or place, made with the aflent of fuch lords and other perfons, as by the ftatute made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth were authorized to fet price upon wines in grofs, without any pain or forfeiture for the fame; any law, ufage or eftatute heretofore made or had to the contrary,hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVJ. And be it further enadted by the authority of this when and prefent parliament, That from and after the feaft of Saint upon what Michael the archangel next coming, it (hall be lawful to all and prices and every perfon and perfons, being fubje#s to the Queen’s mar conditions jefty, her heirs and fucceflors, only out of fuch ports ’and jjJJ* creeks as by the Queen’s majefty’s proclamation hereafter COrn. *** lhall be publilhed ana appointed, and not elfewhere, to load. Farther provi-carry or tranfport any "wheat, rye, barley, malt, peafe or/**f relating beans, into any parts beyond the feas, to fell as a merchan- here^ dize, in (hips, crayers or other veflels; whereof any Englijh\ jac, born fubje&s then (hall be the only owners •> (2) fo that the f.16.’

N 3	,	price

.C.4.

f.3.

3 Car. i i. 14.	•

1 W. & M. feff. 1. c. it.

to mariners *and gunners.

182	Anno	cjpinto	Ewzabeth^:. c.5.	.	[1562-

*1 jac.i.c.aS. price of the faid com or grain fo carried or tranfported, exceed not the prices hereafter following, at the times, havens and places., where and when the fame com or grain (hall be (hipped and laden; viz. The quarter of wheat at ten {hillings (3) the quarter of rye, peafe or beans, at eight (hillings ; (4) the quarter of barley or malt at fix (hillings eight pence of current money of England; any law, ufage or eftatute neretofore made to the contrary hereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

The (latute of XXVII, And where doubt hath heretofore been, whether the 18 H. 6. c. 19. ftatute in the eighteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Sixths ordsined a- heretofore made againji foldiers retained which depart from their {han expend1*5* caPtmns without licence, did or ought to extend unto mariners and gunners ferving on the feas, taking wages of the King or £>ueen of this realm ; (2) Be it exprefled, ordained, enadted and declared by authority of this prefent parliament. That the faid eftatute made in the faid eighteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Sixth, in all pains, forfeitures and other things, did, doth and hereafter (hall extend, as well to all and every mariner and gunner having taken or (hall hereafter take preft or wages to ferve the-Queen’s-Majefty, her heirs or fuc-ceflors, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame did or doth unto any foldier ; any diverfities of opinion, doubt, matter or thing to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftand-ing :

_____ XXVIII. And where an eftatute concerning /owing of flax

and places the and hemp, was made and provided in the parliament holden iu the four Jlatute of ; and twentieth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Henry *rori*dedCfor* Eighth, to be univerfal through every county of this realm-, for the the rowing of better provifton of nets> for help and furtherance offijhing, and for hemp and flax efchewing of idlenefs :

(hall be re- XXIX. Be it ordained and enadted by authority of this l d b	Prefent parliament. That in every fuch county of this realm

35 EK*c# j.	or part of fuch county, where by the Queen’s majefty’s pro-

clamation it (hall hereafter be publiftied the faid eftatute to be commodious or profitable for the commonwealth, the faid eftatute, and every claufe, article and provifion therein contained, be qnd (hall be revived, and ftand in full force and ftrength to be executed and performed, from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel next coming, in all things, other than in the proportion of a rood or fourth part of an acre, and in the pain of three (hillings and four pence, by the faid eftatute limited: (2) in place whereof, be it ordained and enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in every cafe and degree where by the faid former eftatute one rood or fourth part of an acre is limited to be Town with linfeed otherwife flaxfeed Or hemp-feed ; from the faid feaft of Saint Michael the archangel next coming, in (lead and lieu of the faid rood or fourth part of an acre, one whole acre or lefs, as by proclamation in form aforefaid (hall be limited, (hall be fown with linfeed otherwife flax-

feed

Jn what cafes

1. ii.

1562;] Anno quinto Elizabeths. b.5.	183

feed or hempfeed, upon pain pf forfeiture of five pounds for evenr fueh default or offence.

aXX. And further, be it ordained and enadted by the' au- What magi-thority aforefaid, That all and every fuch of the offences before- ^qSre of mentioned, as hereafter (hall be done on the main fea or coafts hear and de-of the fea, being no part of the body of any county of this termine the realm, and without the precindl, jurifdidlion and liberties of offences afore-the cinque-ports, and out of any haven or pier, fhall be tried g c and determined before the lord admiral of England or his 2	5‘

lieutenant, deputy or deputies, and other juftices of oyer and terminer, according to the form of the faid eftatute of Anno 28 Henrici 8. for caufes of piracy : (2) and if the fame fhall be done on the main fea or coafts of the fea, within the jurifdidlion or liberty of the cinque-ports, and out of any haven or port, then the fame to be tried and determined before the faid lord * warden of the faid cinque-ports or his lieutenant or judge, or before juftices of oyer and terminer, according to the true form of the faid eftatute of Anno 28 Henrici 8. for caufes of piracy: (3) and for all and Angular fuch other of the offences before-mentioned, as fhall be done in the land or within any haven or pier, all juftices of peace in their feflions, and mayors, fheriffs and bailiffs, and other head officers in cities and towns corporate, in their feflions or other courts within the limits of their commiflions or authorities, fhall have full power and authority to enquire of the offenders of this adt, as well by the oaths of twelve men, as otherwife by information, andtherer upon to hear and determine the fame.

XXXI.	And if any perfon or perfons fhall be prefented before the faid judges, juftices or officers, within the limits of their authorities, or any information given to them of any offender of this adt, that then they fhall have full power and authority upon any fuch prefentment or information, to make procefs againft the offenders of this adt, like as is cpmmonlv ufed upon indidlments of trefpafs : (2) and if any be prefentea, and afterward be convidted, by confeflion or otherwife, that then every fuch perfon fhall fuffer no lefs forfeiture* or punifb-ment than herein is before limited: (3) all which forfeitures

to be levied in manner and form following; that is to fay. Who (half fuch forfeitures concerning eating of flefh, as are before li- have the be-mited to certain ufes, to be to the fame ufes in that behalf before.the • Cxpreffed ; (4) and all fuch forfeitures, as according to the aforefaid. tenour of this adl fhall be determinable before the faid judges, juftices or other officers of the admiralties aforefaid, or before commiflioners of oyer and terminer in that behalf, fhall be to the ufe of the lord admiral of England or lord warden of the cinque-ports, where fuch offence fhall be prefented, or whereas the iurifdidtion of the caufe fhall appertain :

XXXII.	And all fuch forfeitures, as according to the te-nobr of this adt fhall be determinable before the mayors, fheriffs, bailiffs or other head officers of cities or towns corporate, fiialj be t9 the common ufe of the corporation of the faid city or

N 4	towq

184	Annaquinto Elizabeths, c.5.	[1562.

town corporate where ftich offences (hall be prefented, or whereto the jurifdiftion of the caufe (hall appertain.

XXXIII.	And that all fuch forfeitures, as according to the tenor of this aft (hall be determinable before the juftices of the peace, fhall be to the ufe of the Queen's majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs: (2) and if any perfon (hall be convrct by confeffion or otherwife, upon any information made by any perlon or perfons againft any offender or offenders of this aft, in any caufe (fave for the eating of flefh firft before fpecially limited) that then every fuch perfon fo convift upon any information fhall lofe fuch forfeiture as is before limited; the one half thereof to be to fuch as fo (hall make the information, and the other half to thofe, which upon prefentment, without fpecial information, are before limited to have the whole forfeiture.

What procefs XXXIV. And that for the levying of every forfeiture grovr-Ihall be awar- ing by this eftatute, as well the faid lord admiral of England, ded againft of- lord warden of the cinque-ports, their lieutenants and judges, as tenders. the laid juftices, mayors, (heriffs, bailiffs and other head officers within the limits of their commiffions or authorities, have and (hall have full power and authority to make fuch procefs as they (hall think good by their difcretions.

Within what / XXXV. Provided always, That no information at the fuit time an infer- of any perfon concerning this aft (hall be of any effeft to put a-mation (hall ny perfon to anfwer or lofs of forfeiture, except the faid infor-the™ ffencetCr mzt*on commenced within half a year next after the offence committed, done contrary to this aft; (2) nor that any information or prefentment for the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs* or for the admiral, warden of the cinque-courts, mayors or other officers aforefaid, be of any effeft, to put any perfon to anfwer or lofs of any forfeiture by virtue of this aft, except the faid information or prefentment be within one year next after the offence done and committed contrary to this aft.

What diet XXXVI. Provided, andr be it likewife enafted, That it (hall CaCft ^vc*1 k* t0 any perfon or perfons to have at his or their table IxrUiis table'on uP°n €vei7 Wtdnefday, being ordered by this eftatute to be ob-the Wednef- ferved as a fi(h-day, one only ufual competent di(h of fle(h of day, that lhall one kind and no more, fo that he, (he or they have alfo ferved Jj**?1**!5p to	^ame ta^c an<^ nieafe at the fame meal, three foil com-

ea e . xr. petent ufuaj di(hes 0f fea-fi(h of fundry kinds, either fre(h or ' fait, and that without fraud or covin, and fo (hall alfo order that the fame fi(h be meet and feafonable, and that it (hall be eaten or fpent in like manner as upon Fridays or Saturdays in like cafe are ufed.

XXXVII. And alfo fuch perfons as have, or hereafter (hall fhave, upon good and juft confideration, any lawful licence to eat fle(h upon any filh-day (except fuch perfons as for ficknefs fhall for the time be licenfed by the bifliop of the diocefe or by their curates, or (hall be licenfed by reafon of age or other impediment allowed heretofore by the ecclefiaftical laws of this realm) (hall be bound by force of this ftatute to have for every one di(h of fle(h ferved to be eaten at their table, one ufual dim

of

1562OI Anno qumto Elizabeths, c.$.	185

of fea-fifh, freffi or felt, to be likewife ferved at the fame table, and to be eaten or fpent without fraud or covin, as the Bke fond is or (hall be ufually eaten or fpent on Saturdays.

XXXVIIL And that thefe two articles and claufes next a-bove (hall be taken and interpreted from time to time in the fa* vour of expence of fea-fi(h, and that the offender or offenders herein (hall be puniflied in like manner as is ordered by the eftatute for punifhmeot of fuch as (hall eat fle(h upon Fridays,

Saturdays dr other fifh-days.

XXXIX. And because no manner of perfon fbatl mif judge of the The intent of intent of this eftatute, limiting orders to eat fifty t and to forbear eat- this ftatute tng of flefh^ but that the fame is purpofely intended ana meant polb tiekly for the increafe of fijbermen and mariners, and repairing of fo^aring of port-tcnvns and navigation, and not for any fuperjlition to be main- flefli. tained in the choice of meats :

XL. Beitenadted, That whofoever (hall by preaching, teaching. Spreaders of writingoropenfpeech notify, that any eating of fi(h, or forbearing	news*

of flefh, mentioned in this ftatute, is of any neceffity for the faying of the foul of man, or that it is the fervice of Qod, other-wife than as other politick laws are and be; that then fuch per-fons (hall be puniflied as fpreaders of falfe news are and ought to be.

XLI. Be it enacted in the favour of fifliermen and mariners Fifhermen and haunting the fea as fifhermen or mariners. That none of them ma/jjlcrs fhall hereafter, at any time, be compelled againft his or their to°foVe will to ferve as any (oldiers upon the land or upon the fea, o- as foldiers, therwife than as a mariner, except it (hall be to ferve under any but in feme captain of fome fhip or veflel, for landing to do fomfe fpecial****** exploit which mariners have ufed to do, or under any other perfon having authority to withftand any invafion of enemies, or to fubdue any rebellion within the realm, and alfo except all fuch perfons as by tenure, lawful cuftom or covenant, be or (hall be otherwife bound to ferve.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a Caving of the aforefaid, That this* aft, or any thing therein contained, (hail liberties of all not extend to take away or diminifh any liberty, privilege, perfons. franchife; forfeiture or amerciament* fines, iffues, wrecks of the fea, or any other lawful inheritance or freehold, from any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs or fuc-ceflors, for or touching any lawful liberty, authority or jurisdiction admiral, or for conservation of any water that they or any of them now have lawfully, or hereafter (hall have; any thing in the fame to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIIL Provided always, and be it further enadted by the In what cafe* authority aforefaid, That no fifhermen ufing or haunting the	*

fea (hall be taken by the Queen’s majefty’s commiflion toNferve byaCOmmtffion herhighnefs as a mariner on the fea; but that thefaid commif- to ferve on the fion be firft brought by her Highnefs taker or takers to two jufti- fea as a man-ces of peace next adjoining and inhabiting to the faid fea-coafts, ncr* towns or other places where the faid mariners are fo to be taken, to the intent the faid juftices may choofe out and caufeto be returned fuch fuificient number of able men, as in the faid commiflion

(hall

186	Anno	quinto	Eliza&ethje.	c.5.	„	[1562.

(hall be contained, to ferve her Majefty, a$ is aforefaid.

The liberties XLIV. Saving always to the cinque-ports, and alfo to the erfttefive^rts town of Great Yarmouth all fuch lawful liberties as they juftly nKxithinfome^ave before the making of this aft, touching the free-fair kept 1 cafes refereed, at Yarmouth, other than in buying of ftrangers, and taking oi toll, as the fame be before prohibited.

The authority XLV. Provided always. That any thing in this aft container the lord ed {h^ll not be hurtful or prejudicial to any authority, ftile, pre-warden of the heminence, dignity or jurifdiftion belonging to the office of the cmque>ports. jorci warflen 0f the cinque-ports.

What wine XLVI. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful to be ^ and for any perfon or perfons, being ftrangers born, to bring Ibangmfhipsyearty 5° any fbip, bottom or veflel whereof any ftranger or into wide of Grangers born is or (hall be owner or owners, into any havens, Man.	ports and towns of the ifle of Man, or into any of them, *ny

of the wines made in any of the dominions or countries belonging to the crown of France ; and in the fame ports and towns, or any of them, to difeharge the faid wines fo to be brought; fo that there be not brought and difeharged by the fame ftrangers, in any fuch ftrangers mips, bottoms or veflels, in ^ny one year, in or at the faid havens, ports and towns, or any of them, above one hundred tons at fhe moftj this aft or any thing therein Contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Wine brought XL VII. Provided alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful to and in flrangers for any perfon or perfons, being ftrangers born, to bring yearly in any (hip, veflel or bottom, whereof any ftranger or ftrangers UftepUow. born is or (hall be owner or owners, into the haven, port and town of Chepjlow in the county of Monmouth, any wines made in any of the faid dominions or countries belonging to the faid crown, of France, over and befides all Rochel wines heretofore in this aft allowed to be brought, and in the fame port and town to difcharge the faid wines, fo that there be not brought and difeharged by the fame ftrangers in any fuch ftrangers (hips, bottoms or veflels, in any one year, in or at the laid haven, port * 4 and town, above one hundred tons at the moft; this aft or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

What wine XLVIII. Provided alfo. That it (hall and may be lawful to may be and for any perfon or perfons, being ftrangers born, to bring brought in yearly in any (hip, veflel or bottom, whereof any ftranger or into Wales,pS ftrangers born is or (hall be owner or owners, into the havens, and Newport, ports and towns of Cardiff, Carnarvon, Bewmarris, and other havens, ports and towns of South-Wales and North-Wales, or any of them, and into the haven, port and town of Newport in the faid county of Monmouth, any of the faid wines made in any of the faid dominions or countries belonging to the faid crown of France, over and befides all Rochel wines heretofore in this aft allowed to be brought, and in and at the fame ports and towns, or any of them, to difeharge the faid wines fo to be brought, fo that there be not brought and difeharged by the fame ftrangers, in any fuch ftrangers (hips, bottoms or veflels, ip any one year, in or at the faid havens, ports and towns, or

?ny

18;

x562.3 Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.6.

any of them, above one hundred tons at the moft; this ad of any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding'.

XLIX. Saving unto the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuc- Afavingofthe reffors, all fuch duties and things which her Highnefs, her heirs Queen’sdujties. and fucceflors ought to have and enjoy, be anfwered and paid, for the faid three hundred tons of wines mentioned in the faid three laft provifoes, to be brought and difcharged, as in the fame three provifoes have been mentioned and declared; any thing in this ad to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

L. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the authority The lord ad-aforefaid. That this ad, or any thing or things tnerein contain- mirah&c.fhair ed, (hall not in any manner or wife extend to give unto the lord haveno greater admiral of England for the time being, or to any bis vice-admi- ^had before! rals, judge or judges of the admiralty, his or their deputy or deputies, or to any other the officers or miniftersof the admiralty, or to any others having or claiming any admiral power, jurisdiction or authority within this realm and fVales, or any other the Queen’s dominions, any other power, right, jurifaidion, preheminence or authority, than he or they, or any of them, lawfully have, hath or haa, or ought to have and enjoy, before the making of this ad, other than for fuch of the offences fpe-cified in this ad, as hereafter lhall be done upon the main lea, within the jurifdidion of the admiralty; this ad or any article, , branch, claufe* provifion or thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

LI. This ad (hall continue and endure until the end of ten whole years, to be accounted from the feaft of St. Michael the archangel, which (hall be in the year of our lord God one thop-fand five hundred fixty-four, and from thence to the end of the next parliament then following the end of the faid ten years.

In part continued by 39 Eli%. /. 18. 1 Jac. 1. c. 25. 21 Jac. 1. c. 28. fcf 3 Car. i.r. 4. and further continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4. All of this Jlatute, that at any time was repealed, is repealed by 3$ Eliz.c. 7.

CAP. VI,	•	'

Whomever (hall fell or deliver to any perfon (having not in pofleftion, land* or fees, to the clear yearly value of ;oooli.) any foreign wares not firft grown, or firft wrought within the Queen’s dominions, appertaining to • the clothing or adorning of the body, for which wares, or the work-manfhip thereof, the feller (hall <iot have received the whole money, or fatisfadhon in hand, or within eight and twenty days after the making or.delivery thereof j the feller, maker, &c. (hall be without all remedy -by order of any law, cuftom or degree, to recover any recompenfe for fuch wares, or the workmanfhip, whatfoever afiuraftce he (hall have by bond, furety, promife or pain of the party, or any other; and all aflu-rances and bonds in that cafe (hall be void. 38 Ed. 3, ftat. 1. c. 5. 7 Jac. x. c. u. — 7o endure to the end of the next parliament.

188	Anno	quinto	Elizabeths	c.7.	[1562,

CAP. VII.

An aS avoiding divers foreign wares made by bandicraftfmen beyond the feas.

Nopeifcmfhan TT THERE AS heretofore the artificers of this realm 0/England realm t^be* ^ (as wtt^n the city 0/* London as within other cities, fold, girdles, towns and boroughs of the fame realm) that is to wit, girdlers, cut-rapiers, dag- lers, fadlers, glovers, point-maker;, and fuch like hahdicraftfmen, gers,&c.ready ^0 been in their faid faculties greatly wrought, and greatly fet on raa^beyemd tuor^ as we^ for fujlontation of tbemfelves, their wives and famine* feas. ties, as for a good education of a great part of the youth of this realm in good art and laudible exereife, befides the manifold benefits, that by mans or by reafon of their knowledges, inventions and continual travel, daily and univerfally came to the whole efiate of the commonwealth of the faid realm.

The feveral II. Yet notwithfianding fo now it is, that by reafon of the abun-ciw°ofbrin*"- ^a*Ce °f fore*&n warfs brought into this realm from the parts of be-ing wares rea- y^d the Jeas, the faid artificers are not only lefs occupied, and thereby dy wrought utterly impoverijbed, the youth not trained in the faid fciences and ex-into England, ercifes, and thereby the faid faculties, and the exquifite knowledges thereof like injbort time within this realm to decay, but alfo divers cities and towns within this realm of England much thereby impaired, the whole realm greatly endamagedr and other countries notably ' enriched, and the people thereof well fet on work, to their commodities and livings, in the arts and fciences aforefaid, and to the great difcowragement of skilful workmen of this ream, being in very deed nothing inferior to anyftranger in the faculties aforefaid.

III.	For reformation whereof^ tie it enafted by our fovereign lady the Queen’s highnefs, and by the lords fpintual and temporal, and the commons of this prefent parliament aflembled, k a, n and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon or perlbns bring into this ^batloever, from or after thefeaftof the nativity of St. John realm the Baptfi now next enfuing, (hall bring or caufe to be brought wares with- into this realm of England from the parts of beyond the feas, ™ ™*ntionc<* any girdles, fiiurnefs for girdles* rapiers, daggers, knives, hilts, pummels, lockets, chapes, dagger-blades, handles, fcabbards, and (heaths for knives, faddles, horfe-hamefs, ftirrups, bits, ^oves, points, leather-laces or pins, being readymade or wrought m any parts of beyond the feas, to be fold, bartered or exchanged withm this realm of England ox Wales-, (2) upon pain to forfeit all fuch wares fo to be brought contrary to the true meaning of this aft, in whole hands foeyer they or any of them (hall be found, or the very value thereof: the one half of the forfeiture to be to our fovereign lady the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will feife the fame, or fue therefore m any court of record of the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwife, where no wager of law, efloin or protection, (hall be to him or them allowed, (3) This aCfc to continue and endure to the end of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. r. 4. continued till the end of the firfifejfion of the next parliament, and farther continuedby ibCar. 1. c. 4.

CAP*

ready wrought.

3 Ed. 4. c. 4. 1 R. 3. C. 12.

*7 El. c. 11.

189

1562.3 Anno quinto Elizabeths. c.8,9.

CAP. VIII.

No butcher (hall be a tanner. Who only may be tanners. The fcveral duties of tanners, curriers and (hoemakers sn their wares and workman-/hips. Where, when, and by whom leather (hall be /earcbcd, /baled and fold. Oaks /hall be felled in barking time only. A reftraint of transporting of leather. A repeal of the ftatutes of 35 Ed. 3. flat. x.c. 4. 1 3.

K. 3. c. is. 4H. 4. c. 35. 3 H. 6. c. 7. 4Ed. 4. c. 7. x H. 7. c. 5. 19 H.

7. c. 19. 3 H. 8. c. 10. 5 H« t. c. 7. 14& 15 H. 8. c. 9. uH. 8. c. 6. 3 ^con' *04. 34 H. 8. c. 1. 3 & 3 Ed. 6. c. 9. 1 Eliz. c. 18. 3 $c 4 Ed. 6. c. 9. of part of the 5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. 15. x Eliz. c- 8 & 9. made touching tanners, cur-, riers and /hoemakers, their wares and workman/hip. REP. x.Jac. z.c.33.

CAP. IX.

An aft for punijhment of fucb as Jhall procure or commit arty wilful perjury.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Weftminller in the two

and thirtieth year of the reign of the late king of famous me-	u *

mory* King Henry the Eighth* amongji other things* *7 tw; ordain- perfons who ed* enabled and ejlablijbed* 7/w/ a* perfon or perfons of what ejlate* commit wilful degree or condition foever he or they were*Jbould from thenceforth un-lawfully fubom any witnefs or witnejfes* by letters* rewards* promt- ^RoII. io9?, yk, *r by any other finifter labour or means* yfcr maintain any mat- t44,4.^9.

/rr *r	/<?	the	difturbance	or	hindrance	ofjuftice*	or	to the 1* Co. 101.

procurement or occafion ofany manner of perjury* byfalfe verdifi or Latch 38. otherwife* in any of the Kings courts of chancery* thefar-chamber* Ar§ieariaIof the Whitehall* or elfewhere within any of the Kings dominions of the ftatute of England or Wales, or the marches of the fame* where any perfon 3*H. 8. c.9. or perfons have or from thenceforth Jbould have authority by virtue of™*** £Saillft the King's commijjton* patent or writ* to hold plea of land* or to exa- ^on ofWit-mine* hear or determine any'title of lands* or any matter or witnejfes nefles. concerning the title, right or inter eft of any lands* tenements or here- Hetley it. ditaments* upon pain of forfeiture for every fuch offence* ten pound* ®°dh°lt: 7U the one moiety thereof to be to the King* and the other to the party that * would fue for the fame* as by the fame eftatute* amongji divers other Mod. cafes in things* more plainly it doth appear:	' law 179.

II. Sitbence the making whereof* for that the faidpenalty is fo fmall towards the offenders in that behalf* the faid offence of fubornation* and fmtfter procurement of fdlfe witnejfes* hath neverthelefs greatly increajed and augmented* (2) and by reafon of the wilful perjury committed by the fame fuborned witnejfes* divers and Jundry of the fpueeti s majeftfs fubjefts have fuflained dijherifon and great impove-rijhment* as well of their lands and tenements* as alfo of their goods and chattels:

III.	Be it therefore ena&ed by our Sovereign lady the Queen, 3 Bulftr. 14y by the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, * Leon. 198. in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the ^na?ty fame. That all and every fuch perfon and perfons, which at any for jJ^yring time after the tenth day of April next coming (hall unlawfully of wilful per-and corruptly procure any witnefs or witnefles by letters, re- jury-wards, promifes, or by any other finifter and unlawful labour or means whatfoever, to commit any wilful and corrupt perju- Goldfc. 191. * ry, (2) in any putter or caufc whatfoever now depending, or pi.

which

Anno quinto Elizabeths c.9.	[1562.

which hereafter (hall depend in fuit and variance, by any writ, adtion, bill, complaint or information, (3) in any wife touching or concerning any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any goods, chattels, debts or damages, (4) in any of the courts before mentioned, or in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record, or in any leet, view of frank-pledge or law-day, antient demean court, hundred court, court baron, or in the court or courts of the (tannery in the counties of Devon and Cornwall (5) or (hall likewife unlawfully and corruptly procure or fuborn any witnefs or wit-*Tbepenalty nefles, wnich (hall from and after the faid tenth day of April be enlarged by 2	fworn to teftify in perpeiuam rei memoriam; (6) that then every

G.2.C.25. fuch offender or offenders (hall for his, her, or their faid offence, being thereof lawfully convidted or attainted, lofe and forfeit the fum of forty pounds.

IV.	And if it happen any fuch offender or offenders, fo being convidted or attainted as aforefaid, not to have any goods or chattels, lands or tenements, to the value of forty pounds, that then every fuch perfon fo being convidt or attainted of any the offences aforefaid (hall for his or their faid offence fufferim-prifonment by the fpace of one half year, without bail or main-prize, and to ftand upon th$ pillory the fpace of one whole hour, in fome market-town next adjoining to the place where the offence was committed, in open market there, or in the market-town itfelf where the offence was committed.

V.	And that no perfon or perfons being fo convidted or at-* Leon. 12. tainted, to be from thenceforth received as a witnefs to be de-

pofed and fworn in any court of record within any of the Queen’s highnefs dominions of England, Wales, or the marches of the fame, until fuch time as the judgment given againft the faid perfon or perfons (hall be reverfed by attaint or otherwife; (2)

, and that upon every fuch reverfal, the parties grieved, to recover his or their damages againft all and every fuch perfon and perfons as did procure the faid judgment fo reverfed to be firft given againft them or any of them, by adtion or adtions to be fued upon his or their cafe or cafes, according to the courfe of the common laws of this realm.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons after the faid tenth day of April next coming, either by the fubordination, unlawful procurement, Snifter perfuafion or means of any others, or by their own adt, confent or agreement, wilfully and corruptly commit any manner of wilful perjury, by his or their depofition in any

Thepenalty of of the courts before mentioned, or being examined ad perpetuam him that doth rej memoriam, that then every perfon or perfons fo offending, and pej?ur'tWi^U being thereof duly convidt or attainted by the laws of this realm, Coke,pia.i64, foall f°r h*s or their faid offence lofe and forfeit twenty pounds, and to have imprifonment by the fpace of fix months without bail or mainprize; (2) and the oath of fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, from thenceforth not to be received in any court of record within this realm of England or Wales, or the marches of the fame* until fuch time as the judgment given againft the faid perfon or perfons (hall be reverfed by attaint or otherwife:

(2) and

165.

Cro. El. 20i,

414.

jCo.99.

1562.] Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.g.'	i^t

(3) And that upon every fuch reverfal the parties grieved to recover his or their damages againft ail and every fuch perfon and perfons as did procure the faid judgment fo reverfed to be given againft them or any of them* by aftion or aftions to be fued upon his or their cafe or cafes, according to the courfe of the common laws of this realm.

VII.	And if it happen the fai<^ offender or offenders fp offending not to tyave any goQds pr chattels tQ the value of twenty pounds; that then he or they to be fet on the pillory in feme market-place within the (hire, city or borough,, where the faid offence fhall be committed, by the lheriff or his minifters, if it (hall fortune to be without any city or town corporate; (2) and if it happen to be within any fuch city or town corporate, then by uife laid head officer or officers of fuch city or town corporate, or by his or their remitters, and there to have both his ears nailed, and from thenceforth to be diferedited and difabled for ever to be fworn ip any of the courts of- record aforefaid, until fuch time as the judgment (hall be reverfed, and thereupon to recover his damages in manner and form before mentioned:

VIII.	The one moiety of all which fumsof money, goods Whofhallhave and chattels, to be forfeited in manner and form aforefaid, to the forfei-

be to the Queen our fovereign lady, her heirs and fucceffors, tuJ*€S>and and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be w at mcans* grieved, hindred or molefted by reafon of any the offence or offence? before mentioned, that will fee for the fame by aftion. of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwife, in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record, in the which no wager of law, effoin, proteftion or injunftion to be allowed.

IX.	And be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid. That whofhallhave as well the judge and judges or every fuch of the faid courts authority to where any fuch fuit is or fhall be, and whereupon any fuch hear .and perjury is or fhall happen to be committed, as alfo the juftices offices hereof afllzes and gaol-delivery in their feveral circuits, and the juf- faid.

tices of the peace in every county within this realm or in Wales, Cro.El. 105, at their quarter-feffions, both within t{ie liberties and without, *47»	*67»

fhall have full power and authority by virtue hereof to enquire Cro* Jac.iior of all and every the defaults and offences perpetrated, commit- ,3^ ^ ed or done contrary to this aft, by inquifition, prefentment, bill or information before them exhibited, or otherwife lawfully to hear and determine the fame, and thereupon to give judgment, award procefs and execution of the fame, according to the courfe of the laws of this realm.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. This ftatute That the juftices of affize of every circuit within this realm, fhall be pro-and elfewhere within the Queen’s dominions, fhall in. every claimed at all county within their circuits, twice in the year, that is to fay, in a*"7es’

the time of their fittings, make open proclamation of this efta-tute or of the effeft thereof, to the intent no perfon or perfons fhall be ignorant or milcogpifant of the penalties herein contained.

XI.	Pro-

jg2	Anno	quinto Elizabeth-®, c.9.	[1562.

This aft (hall XI. Provided alfo. That this aft, nor any thing therein con-not extend to gained, (hall not extend to any fpiritual or ecclefiaftical court or cl»fiSicS.CC courts within this realm of England or Wales, or the marches of Kel. 39. * the fame; but that all and every fuch offender or offenders as (hall offend in form aforefaid, (hall and may be punifhed by fuch ufual and ordinary laws, as heretofore hath been and yet is ufed and frequented in the faid ecclefiaftical courts; any thing in' this prefent aft contained to the contrary in any wile not-withftanding.

Procefs ferved XII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authori-fts°toTettifv* *y	That if any perfon or perfons, upon whom any pro-

1 Leon. i22. ccfe out any of the courts of record within this realm or March 18. Wales (hall be ferved to teftify or depofe concerning any caufe or Cro. El. 130, matter depending in any of the fame courts, (2) and having 131 •	tendred unto him or them, according to his or their counte-

nance or calling, fuch reafonable fums of money for his or their cofts and charges, as having regard to the diftance of the places is neceffary to be allowed in that behalf, (3) do not appear according to the tenor of the faid procefs, having not a lawful and reafonable let or impediment to the contrary; (4) that then the party making default, to lofe and forfeit for every fuch offence ten pounds, and to yield fuch further recompence to the party grieved, as by the diferetion of the judge of the court, out of the which the faid procefs, fhall be awarded, according to the lofs and hindrance that the party which procured the faid procefs fhall fuftain, by reafon of the non-appearance of the faid witnefs or witnefles ; (5) the faid feveral fums to be recovered by the party fo grieved againft the offender or offenders by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record, in which no wager of law, eflbin or protection to be allowed.

The authority	XIII. Provided always, That this aft, or any thing therein

to punifh per- contained, fhall not extend in any wife to reftrain the power ^heVftatute 0/ an<* aut^lor^ty given by aft of parliament made in the rime of *1^.7. c. *5. King Henry the Seventh, to the lord chancellor of England, and iaved.	others of the King’s council for the time being, to examine and

punifh riots, routs, heinous peijuries and other offences and mifdemeanings ; which lord chancellor and others fithence the making of the faid aft have moft commonly ufed to hear and determine fuch matters in the court of Weflminjler commonly *3Geo.2.c.ix. ^]]e(i ^ ftar-chamber; (2) nor to reftrain the power or authority of the lord prefident and council in the marches of Wales, or of the lord prefident and council in the north, nor of any other judge, having abfolute power to punifh peijury before the making of this eftatute ; (3) but that they and every of them fhall and may proceed in the punifhment of all offences heretofore punifhable, in fuch wife as they might have done and ufed to do before the making of this aft, to all purpofes, fo that they fet not upon the offender or offenders lefs punifhment than is contained in this aft. (4) This aft to continue unto the end of

the

2

556*-] Anno qulnto ErizABEThjE* c,fa	*93

the next parliament. Made perpetual by 29 EL c. 5. and21i. t. 28. feft. 8.

CAP. X.

jpi aft reviving, d ftatute made. anno 21 H, 8;,touching fer-vants imbezilling their majters goods♦

WHERE in the parliament holden tit London the third day of*11	**	c*	^

November in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the , late King of moft famous and Worthy memory King Henry the Eighth+ and front thence adjourned to Wdlminfter, and there holden' andcon-tinned by dii>ers prorogations unto the diffolution thereof it Was ordained and enafted among other things, That all and Jingutdf fervant s# to whom any cajkets^ jewels, money, goods or chatteli, by his or their mafter or majlers Jhould front thenceforth he delivered to keep, that if any fuch fervant or fervantswithdraw him Or them from their faid majlers or miftreffes, and go away with the faid cajkets, jewels, money, goods or chattels or any part thereof to the intent to fteal the fdme, and defraud his or their faid mafers. ormiftrejjes thereof contrary to the truft and confidence to -him or them put by his or their fiers or mijlrejfes \ or elje being in feruite of his faid majlers or mi* ftreffes, without the affent or commandment of his wafers'or mifrejfes\ imbezil the fame cajkets, jewels, money, goods or chattels, or any part thereof or otherwife convert the fame to his own ufe, with like purpofe to jfieal it, that if the faid cajkets, jewels, money, goods ot chattels that any fuch fervant Jhall 'go away with, or which he 'jhall imbezil with purpofe to fteal it as is aforefaid, be of the value of for* x ty Jhillings or above: that then the fame Jalfe, fraudulent and untrue aft and demeanor, Jhould from thenceforth be deemed and adjudged fe* . lony, and that he or they fo offending, Jhould be punijhed as other felons for felony committed, by the courfe of the common law, as-by the faid aft, amongfi other things therein contained\ more at lakge it doth	'<

and may appears	.

II. Which Jdid tift in the parliament begun and holden at*Weft- 1 - r* minftef the fifth day of October in thk firft year of the reign of the c* ** late Sjlueen Maty; ana-there continued to the one and twentieth day of the fame month, that is to fay, in the firft JeJJion of the fame parliament, by the general words of one aft then and there made, intituled.

An a6t repealing certain treafons, felonies and pramunire, was from thenceforth utterly repealed and made void.

IIL And forafmuch as fithence the repeal of ihe fame, the faid	of

aft is thought neceffary for the commonwealth Of this realm; (2) be 2l h. 8. c. 7. it therefore enacted by our Sovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, whereby it is with the aflent of the lords fpiritu*] and temporal, and the com* made tclony mons* in this prefent parliament gfiembled, and by the author- Jo imbezifhL rity of the fame. That the faid aft made in the one arid twen- matter's goods tieth year, and every claufe, article^ branch, fentence and pro- to the value of vifiori therein contained, be from henceforth revived^ and put xl.s.or abo\e. in due execution, according to the intent and meaning thereof, and from thenceforth (hall (land good, endure and continue for ever. 27//* 8; r. 17*.

Vol. VI.	O	CAP,

O

194

Anno quinto Ejc.IZABJETHje. c. i t.	[ 1562 ♦

CAP. XI.

An a8 againft the clipping, , rounding and filing of

coins.

The clipping, TTTHEREAS tj>e offences of clippings roundings wajhing and Uc. of coma V V ng 0f monies or coins of this realm, was declared by an all fhalfbe1 high * °f Parliament in the time of Ring Henry the Fifth to be treafon to treafon. the King and the realm, qnd according to the faid alt, the fame offen-3 H. 5. c. 6. ces were and did continue treafen until the firjl year of the reign of 1 Mar. SefT. x. 6>ueen Mary, at which time the pains and penalties due for the faid The prejudi- offences were abrogated and taken away by the general aft of repeal ces redound- then made > (2) by reafon whereof, divers falfe and evil-difpofed per-ing to the fens, perceiving thentfelves to be loofe and free from the Jeverity and Queen and the	0f ffo faig fa# ang penalty, have been of late the more hardy

dipping/	an& bold to attempt andpraftife, for wicked lucre, and gairis fake, to

warning,* &c. dimtnijb, impair andfalftfy the monies and coins current within this ©f money.	realm, and the dominions of the fame, by fuchclipping, wajhing, round-

3,Inft. 17. j ng and filing thereof, not only to the great dtjhonour of the Sheen's majefty ourfovereign lady that now is, by whofegreatgoodnefstfe new monies or coins of the fame are new reduced to as much finenefs as ever hath, been in any time of her noble progenitors, but alfo to the great lofe and damage of the goodfubjefts of this realm, .and more is like to be hereafter, if the fame.be not fpeedily. met withal:

The dipping, H. For remedy whereof. Be it enaded, declared and eftab-wafoing, lifted by the authority of this prefect parliament, That from cur- and after the firft day of May next coming, clipping, wafting, rent money, rounding or filing for wicked lucre or gaiuY fake, of any the ihall be ad- proper monies or coins of this realm or the. dominions thereof, SdgCrJ-rCa^ or ™ mon*cs or c<“ns any other realm allowed and fuf-Jvt'stiL7fi. t0 be current within this realm or the dominions thereof, 6 & 7 W. *3># at this prefent, or that hereafter at any time (hall be the law-c. 17. f. 9. ' fol monies or coins of this realm, or of the.dominions thereof, or of any other realm and by proclamation allowed arid fuffered to be current here by the Queen’s majefty, her heirs, and fuc-ceflbre, ftall be taken, deemed and adjudged by, virtue of this to be treafon ; fa) and the offenders therein, their counfellers, confenters ana aiders, ftall be, from and after the fame firft day of May, taken, deemed and adjudged as offenders in treafon, and being thereof lawfully convitfted 6r attainted according to the order and courfe of the laws of this realm, (hall fuffer pains of death, and lofe and forfeit all his and their goods and chattels ; (3) and alfo (hall lofe and forfeit all his and their Dyer 13a. lands and tenements, during his or their natural life or lives only. '

They who ill. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid, haveforrei- That all and.every perfon and perfons which have any lawful oTgoodsTyS to have and enjoy the forfeiture of lands, tenements, goods grant, (hall in or chattels .of offenders^and men attainted in high treafon, with-thiscafeen- in any manor, lordfhip, town, parifh, hundred or other pre-W them. *in&. within this realm of England or I Vales, ftall and may at

all

I5&.] Anno quinto Elizabeth.®. C.ii.	i95

all times hereafter have like liberty to take, feize and enjoy all fuch forfeitures of lands, tenements, goods and chattels, as fhall come or grow within their liberties, by force of the attainder of any perfon or perfons, for artd upon arty offence or offences made treafon by this aft, as they or any of them fhould, ought or might have, by virtue of any good and lawful grant to them or any of them heretofore had or made.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a- Thefe offences forefaid, That this aft, nor any thing therein contained) nor make no cor-any attainder or attainders of any perfon or perfons for any of- bi^od°or°for-fence or offences made treafon by this aft, fhall in any wife ex- fejture 0f tend or .be judged, interpreted or expounded, to make arty cor- dower, ruption of blood, to any the heir or heirs of any fuch offender

or offenders, or to make the wife of any fuch offender to lofe or forfeit her dower of or in any lands, tenements or hereditaments,-or her title, aftion or intereft m the fame j any thing in this aft contained, or any attainder or attainders hereafter to be had for any offence or offences made treafon by this a61, to the Contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That 'Trial of a

if any of the lords of the parliament, of peer of this realm for peer by peers, the time being, fhall fortune at any time hereafter to be indift-ed of any offence made treafon by this aft; that then they and ‘ \ every of them fhall have his or their trial by their peers, as hath been ufed heretofore in cafes of high treafon,

CAP. XII.

An aft touching badgers of corn, and drovers of cattle to U

licenced.

WHERE in the feJTton of parliament holden upon prorogation at Who fhall be Weftminfter the three and twentieth day of January in the counted an fifth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Edward the mgrofler by Sixth, amongji other things it was enacted. That wbatfoever perfon & 6Ed6 or perfons after the firftday ^May then nett enfuing fhall engrofi or 1.14., get into his or their hands, by buyings contracting or promtfe-taking pother than by demife, grant, or leafe of land or tithes) any corn growing in the fields, or any other corn or grain, butter, cheep, fifh or other dead victuals whatsoever, within the realm of England,. to the intent to fell the fame again, fhall be accepted, reputed and taken an unlawful engr offer or engr offers; (2) with a provifo and ordi- Aprovifofor nance contained in the fame ad, that it fhould be lawful to every per- a badger, car* fon or perfons, being a common badger, lader, k'dder or carrier, which ner» *c*

Jhall be licenced, ajfigned or allowed thereunto by three juflices of the cencc * peace of the county where the faid badger, laaer, bidder or carrier fhall dwell, which fhall fell or deliver in open fair or market, or to any other victualler, or to any other perfon or perfons for the provi-fion of his or their houfe or houfes, all fuch corn, fifh, butter or ckeefe, as any fuch perfon or perfons fhall buf or cavfe to be bought, and that within one month next atjer he or they Jhall Jo buy any fuch corn, grain, butter or cheefe, fo that the fame fball be bought without forejfailing.

i$6	Anno	qointo	Elizabeth^.	c.ii'.	£1562 J

Jhall not be in any wife	deemed,adjudged or taken any offence contrary

to the faid aft.

A provifo for II. And where alfo it is provided and enafted by the Jam aft of cattl^orfor Par^ament'* That it Jhall be lawful to all and every perfon and perfons buying of known for a common drover or drovers, being licenced, authorifed and com to be allowed in writing by three jujiices of peace, whereof one to be of the tranfported Quorum, of the county or counties where the fame drover or drovers ^aa<SherP°rt^^ ^ hiding and dwellings to buy cattle in fuch Jhires or counties where drovers have been wont in times pajl accuflomarily to buy cat-tley at their free liberty and pleafure9 and to fell the fame again; (2)

' and that it Jhall be lawful to every perfon and perjons which Jhall be affigned and allowed by three jujiices of the peace of the county where he Jhall dwells to buy (otberwife than by forejtalling) corn, grain or cattle, to be tranfported or carried by water from any port or place within this realm or Wales, unto any other port or place within the * faid realm or dominion^ as in the fold aft, amongjl other things, doth appear:

The inconve- III. Since the making of which aft9 filch a great number of per-itiencies enfu• fGns feeling only to live eaftly9 and to leave their honeji labour, have ber bf drovers an^	fak to be allowed and licenced to the faid offices or doings,

af cattle, and being moft unfit and unmeet for thofe purpofes9 and alfo very hurtful te badgers, See. the commonwealth of this realmy as well by the inhauncing of the prices of c°rn and of corn and grainy and other the faid viftuals, as alfo by the diminijh-ot er vi ua s. ^ fa numfor of good and neceffiary bujbandmen \ which faid number of drovers of cattje9 and badgers, ladersy kidders and carriers of torn and grainy are many times without good orders, and due confidera-tiony ajftgned and allowed thereunto, to. the great prejudice of the com-nionwealth r

To what kind IV, In confideration whereof, Be It ena&ed by the Queen our of perfons, fovereign lady, with the aflent of the lords fptritual and tempo-^lacM 'nf3t ra^ ar^ commons* *n this prefent parliament aflembled, JLence°ihali and hy the authority of the fame, That no drover of cattle, bad^-be granted td ger, lader, kidder, carrier, buyer or tranfporter of corn or grain, be badgers, butter and cheefe, be from and after the feaft of Eajter next af-SavUCrS? &C* ter	^is	Pre^ent	Parliament, licenced, admitted,

av * 5 affigned or allowed to thofe offices or doings, or to any of them, but only In the general and open quarter-TefUons of the peace, Xd be holden in the Ihire where fuch perfon or perfons fo to be admitted, affigned or allowed, doth or (hall dwell, and hath or fhall have dwelled there by the fpace of three years next before the tefie of his faid licence. (.2) And that no perfon or perfons after the firft day of May next coming be admitted to the faid ■ • offices or doings, or to any of them, but fuch only as be- or have been married men, and (hall be, at the time of fuch licence to be granted, hou(holders, and not houthold fervants, nor retainers to any perfon or perfons, and of the age of thirty jears* at the leaft: (3} and that all licences being made ana granted as is abovefaid, (hall have continuance. and be good only for one year next after the date thereof,, and for no more por longer time..

The date of ; V. Which faid licences, and every of them, (hall bear date

of

1562O Anna quinto Elizabethan c.12/	197

of the day and place where the faid feflions (hall be holden, and the licence, (hall be figned and fealed with the proper hands and feals of ™handswak three of the faid juftices of the peace, being prefent at the fame feai8i feflions, at the leaft 5 whereof one to be of the quorum; (2) upon pain that every perfon or perfons that (hall take any licence contrary to this ordinance, to Jofe and forfeit to our fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs and fucceffors, five pounds fterling:

(3)	and that all licences made and granted, or hereafter to be made and granted, otherwifethan is before expreffed, (hall from and after the faid ’firft day of May next coming be void and of none effetfr.

VI.	And further. Be it enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That the juftices of the peace in the faid general and open fef- betaken of fions, (hall or may by their diferetions take bond and furety from drovers, cartime to time by recognizance, of fuch as (hall be admittea or al- riers, &cAiot lowed hereafter a common drover of cattle, badger, lader, kid- Jbigna^ngc der, carrier or buyer of com, grain, butter or cheefej that they nor any of them (hall by colour of his or their licence foreftal or ingrofs, or otherwife pra&ife or do any a<ft or thing contrary to the tenor and true meaning or in defrauding the laid former eftatute, or of any matter or thing therein contained : (2) all which licences, and every of them, and the faid recognizances,

(hall be made and written by the clerk of the peace of every county where fuch licence (hall be granted, or by his lawful deputy, and by none other perfon or perfons : (3) and every per- The fees of fon that (hall have any fuch licence (hall pay to the clerk of the *j|c clerk of peace, or his deputy, for making thereof, twelve pence at the thc Peacc* moft; and for every recognizance in form abovefaid to be made and acknowledged, eight pence at the moft; and for regiftring of the fame licence and recognizance, four pence at the moft :

(4)	for which faid fee, the faid clerk, or his deputy, (hall have and keep one regifter-book, and therein (hall regifter and write all the names, furnames, and dwelling-places of luch as (hall be licenced as aforefaid, with a brief declaration or entry of the faid licence, and of the day, time and place where fuch licence or licences (hall be granted: (5) which book or regifter the faid clerk of the peace, or his deputyi (hall have and bring to every feflions, to the intent that it may appear what number of licences be and (hall be from time to time granted, whereby the better confideration may be had thereof.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au- None (hall buy thority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons (hall or may by au- corn to fell a-thority of any fueft licence above-mentioned buy any corn or fain. without grain out of open fair or market to fell again, unlefs fuch per- £ence

fon and perfons (hall be thereunto licenced, and (hall have fpecial T and exprefs words contained in fuch licence or licences, that he or they may fo doupon pain to fprfeit for every fuch time that any fuch perfon or perfons (haH do to the contrary, five pounds:

(3) the moiety of which forfeitures afore rehearfed, (hall be to wh0fl,all the Queen our fovereign lady, her heirs and fucceffors, and the have the for-othfr moiety to hiip or them that will fue fpr the fame it* any feityre*.

p 3	of	•

Juftice* of peace in their ieffions (ball enquire of, ana determine offences.

A city, &c. may appoint purveyors for f heir proyi-fion.

To the inhabitants pf which counties this fta-tute doth not extend.

Explained and farther provided for by 18 El. c.io. 1 he Itatute of e&jPfa.&M. c. 8. touching amending of highways, con fimied,

and the au-

Anno quinto Euzajethj®, c.tj. [1562.

of the Queen’s courts of record, by bill, plaint, adion of debt or information, in the which bill, plaint, action or information, no wager oflaw, effoin or protedion (hall be admitted.

VIII.	Be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of peace in every county within this realm or Wales, at the quart^vfeffions, (hall have full power and authority by virtue of this ad, to enquire, hear and determine all and every the defaults and offences perpetrated, committed or done contrary to this ad, within the county where any fuch feflions (hall be kept, by inquifition, prefentment, bill or information before them exhibited, and by examination of two lawful witneffes, or by any of the fame ways or means, by the diferetion of the faid juftices, and to make procefs thereupon, as though they were indided before them by inquifition, or by verdid of twelve men or more: (2) and upon the convidion of the offender, by information or fuit of any other than the Queen, tp make ex-trads of the moiety of the forfeitures to be levied to the Queen’s ufe, as they ufe to.do of other fines and amerciaments grown in the* feflions of peace, and to award execution of the other moiety for the complainant or informer againft the offender, by fieri facias or capias^ as the Queen’s juftices at Wejlminfler may do and ufe to do; (3) and if any fuch convidion or attainder fhall hereafter happen to be at the Queen’s fuit only, that then the whole forfeitures to be extraded and levied to the Queen’s ufe only.

IX.	Provided always. That this ad, or any thing therein contained, fhall not in any wife extend to the prejudice of the liberty of any city or town corporate, but that they and every of them (hall and may lawfully aflign and licence purveyors for the provifion of the fame city or town corporate, in fuch manner and form as they might lawfully have done before the making of this ad.

X.	Provided further. That this ad, nor any thing therein contained, fhall be in any wife hurtful or prejudicial unto any the inhabitants within the counties of Weftmorland, Cumberland, Lancafier, Chejler and Tork^ or any of them, but that they may do as heretofore they have lawfully ufed to do; any thing ifi this prefent ad to the contrary notwithftanding. 13 Eliz. r. 25,

c ap! xiii.

An aft for the continuance of the Jlattite made 2	3 P.

M. for the amendment of highways.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the fe-cond and third years of the reigns of the late princes King Philip and^ueen Mary , amongf other good aits then had and made, * one necejfary flatute was • provided and eftablifhed for the amendment and reparation of the highways 'within. this realm ; which a(i was made to endure and continue for feven years, 'and after the expiration of the faid feven years, till the end of the parliament then next enfu-ing, as by the fame fia ute more plainly appeareth; which feven year fcrafmuch as they be now expired and ended, and the faid aft is very ' ' '	‘	■ ’ be~

1562.I Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.i3:	199

beneficial, and moft necejfary to be continued for the eafe and common- thorities of weal of the people of this land; (2) Be it therefore ena&ed by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, the lords fpiritual and tempo- jafged?^ Cn~ ral, and the commons, in this parliament aflembled, and by the t&jPh.&M. authority thereof. That the faid a<ft made in the faid. fecond and c. 8. third years of the feign ot King Philip and Queen Maty^ touching and concerning the reparation and amendment of the highways, and every article and branch of the fame, (hall from henceforth be, liana and continue in full force, effedt and ftrength, for and during the term of twenty years next following from and after the beginning of this prefent parliament, and after the expiration of the faid twenty years, to the end of the parliament then next after the end of the faid twenty years to be holden and kept.

II.	And forafmuch as the faid Jlatute made in the fecond and third years of King Philip and Queen Mary, in divers parts of this realm fir veto'not to fo good purple and effect as it may be made, for that fuch fubjlance and matter as is moft fit and convenient for the reparations of the faid ways, cannot be lawfully had, fetched and taken out of the feveral grounds and foil thereunto nigh or adjoining, being no great lofs or detriment to the owners of the fame feveral grounds and foil, whereby the amendment of the Jaid ways is little increafed, or elfe of very fmall and fender continuance, to the great and continual charge and trouble of the poor people inhabiting thereabouts:

III.	For 'reformation whereof, and that the reparations of The fupervi-

the faid highways may hereafter in good due manner well and	tokc

fufficiently be made; (2) be it further by the authority of this men’s prefent parliament enacted. That from henceforth it (hall and grounds for may be lawful to all and every fupervifor and fupervifors, and the mending orderers of the works for the time being, for the amendment of °* ways, the faid highways, thereunto elected and appointed according

to the ftatute made in the fecond and third years of King Philip and Queen Maryy for the better reparation and amendment of the ways within their feveral parilhes and limits where they ftiall be fQ made fupervifors (if it (hall be fo to them thought necef-fary) to take or carry away of the rubbilh or fmallcft broken (tones of any quarry or quarries lying and being within the pa-rifh where they (hall be fupervifors, without licence, control-ment or impeachment of the owner or owners, fo much as by their difcretions (hall be deemed and adjudged neceflary for the amendment of the faid ways : (3) and that for default of any quarry or quarries not being within tneir faid parifh or limits, or in default of rubbifh not to be found in any fuch quarry or quarries, it fhall and may be lawful to every luch fupervifor or fupervifors, for the ufe aforefaid, in the feveral grounds of arty perfon or perfons being within the parifh and limits where they (hall be fupervifors, and nigh adjoining to the way or ways	*

wherein fuch reparations (hall be thought neceflary to be made, and wherein gravel, fand. or cinders is likely to be found, to dig or caufe to be digged for gravel, fand or cinders, and like-wife to gather ftones lying upon any lands or .grounds within

O 4.	the

?oq

^VTiat rubbifh fupervifors' may nor dig, nor in what places. :

A fupervifor fliall caufe a pit digged for gravel, &c. to be flopped up again.

filming of a Watet- clour fe fnro another’s grou&d.

fences an \ ditijaes near the Ways fliall be rep; ireif, &nd the woods cut down.

Is (1

Anop qpwto Elizabeth-®, c.13;	[ 1562*

jfchepsurilh, and meet to be ufed for fuch fervice and purpofe, ancj thereof to take and carry away fo much as by the diferetipn of the faid fupervifors (hall be thought neceffary to be employed ir} the amendment of the faid highways.

IV.	Provided always, That it (hall not be lawful to any fuel} fupervifpr or fupervifors by virtue of this adt, to caufe/any rub-bilh to be digged out of any quarry or quarries, but only (hall extend to fuch rubbi{h as (hall be found there ready di^ed by the owner or owners of the faid quarry or quarries, or otherwife by his or their licence and commandment; (2) nor (hall not extend or give authority to any fupervifor or fupervifors to dig or caufe to be digged any gravel, fan*! qr cinders, in the houfe, garden, orchard qr iqeadowof any perfon or perfops; (3) nor that it (hall be lawful by this a6t to any fuch fupervifor or fu-peryifors, to caufe any more pits to be digged for gravel in any lev era} and inclofed ground than one only; and that the fame pit or hole fo digged tor gravel as is aforefaid (hall not in any W*y bp in breadth or length abovp ten yards over at the molt: {4) And that every fuch fupervifpr as (hall caufe any fuch pit to be made and digged for gravel, fand or cinders, as is abovefaid, lhall within one month next after any fuch digging or pit made, caufe the fame to bQ filled and (topped up \yith earth, at the cods and charges of the parifhioners; (5) upon pain to forfeit to the owner or ownerj of the foil wherein any fuch pit (hall be made and digged, fpr every default five marks, to be recovered by action of debt, as in other like cafes of debt hath been accuftomed.

V. And forafmuch as the highways in fundry places of this realm he full of continual fprings and water-courfes^ by ccntinual increafe and finking whereof into the ground, the faid ways are not only very deep and dangerous, but alfo for the tnojl part impojfible to he arpend-ed and repaired in any good and fufficient manner, without fame further remedy provided for the fame.

VI.	Be it therefore by the authority aforefaid further enacted, That from henceforth every fuch fupervifor and fupervifors, as is aforefaid, (hall by force of this adt, within the parifli or limits where he or they (hall be fupervifors, have full power and authority to turg any fuch water-courfe or fpring of water, being in any of tfie faid highways, into any ditch or ditches of the ieveral ground or foij of any perfon or perfons whatfoever next adjoining to the faid ways, in fuch manner andTorsn as by the diferetions of ttye laid fupervifors (hall be thought meeteft and moft convenient.

VIi: And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Xha): the heyps, fences, dikes or hedges next adjoining on eithej* fidq to any high or common fairing way, (hall from time to time be diked, fcoured, repaired and kept low, and all tree$ and bulhes growing in the highways, cut down by the owner of owners of the ground or foil which lhall be inclofed with the faid heyes, fences, dikes or hedges aforefaid, whereby the faid jvays may be opeg, and the people have more ready and eaf^ •	>	••	*	'" < ’ k:	*	**v-	"paflage

1$62.3 Anno qwinto Elizabeths. €.13.	£91

4>aflage mAe fame: (2) And whereas in the faid ftatute. made in the faid fecond and third years of the reign of the faid King Philip and Queen Mary, there are but four days yearly appoint-jed for the reparations and amendment of the laid highways :

(3) Be it further by this prefent parliament enacted. That from six days ap-

henceforth there (hall be yearly fix days, during the time and pointed for

force of this eftatute, obferved, ufed and employed in repara- the amending

tion and amendment of the faid highways, in like manner and °

form as the faid four days were limited and appointed to be ob- c# g. *	**

Jerved and kept by the faid eftatute made in the faid fecond and

third years of King Philip and Queen Mary.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, The fupervi-That from henceforth all and every fuch fupervifor and fuper- fers (hall pre-vifors for the time being, within one month next after default fence^oThe or offence made, done or committed by any perfon or perfons, ncxt jufticc. contrary to the provifon, purport and true meaning of the faid

eftatute made in the fecond and third years of King Philip and Queen Mary, or contrary to the provifion, purport and true meaning of this prefent ad, (hall prefent every fuch default or offence to the next juftice of peace for the time being; (2) upon pain to forfeit for every fuch default or offence, in fuch fort not by them prefented, forty (hillings: (3) And that every fucli Certificate of juftice of peace, to whom any fuch default or offence (hall be prefented as is aforefaid, (hall certify the fame prefentment fo to j?hc ^xt him made, at the next general femons within the faid county {ions,

.then next after to be holden; (4) upon pain to forfeit for not certifying of every fuch prefentment of every fuch default or offence, as is aforefaid, five pounds: (5) And fhat the juftices of peace of every county where the faid defaults or offences (hall be committed, (hall immediately have authority to enquire of any fuch default or offence committed within the limits of their commifiion, at every their quarter-feflions, and to aflefs fuch fines for the fame, as they or two of them, whereof one to be jof the quorum, (hall think meet,

IX.	And be it further enaded by thf authority aforefaid. Every juftice That every juftice of peace (hall have authority by this ftatute, °f p«ce may upon his own proper knowledge, ip the open general feflions, TOnhia to make prefentment of any highway not well and fufliciently own know-repaired and amended, or or any other default of offence com- ledge, mitted and don? within the coupty and limits of his commif-

fion, contrary tp the provifion and intent of this ftatute, or the (aid ftatute made in the fecond and third years of King. Philip and Queen Mary: (2) Arid that every fuch prefentment made Farther pro* by any fuch juftice of peace upon his own knowledge, as is afore- ^ed$rikM faid, (hall be as good, and of the farpe force, ftrength and ef- c# *2#	'

fed in the law, as if the fame had been prefented, found and adjudged by the oath of twelve men: (3) And that for every	^

fuch default fo prefented, as is aforefaid, the juftices of the fines for d«-peace of the faid county (hall immediately, at the faid general faults, feflions, have authority to aflefs fuch fines as to them, or two of Ihepi, whereof the one to be of the quorum? (hall be though^

; ‘	'	■%	meet’;

2ot	Anno quiiito Elizabeths, c. 14*	[tg6t.

Travcrfcto a meet: (4) Saving to every pieriba and perfoni that (hall be prefentment. touched by any filch prefentinent, to have his or their lawful traverfe to the lame prefentment, as they might have upoh any indictment of trefpafs or forcible entry, by the laws of this realm, before foe making of this eftatute.

Eftre&tingand X. And that all fuch fines, forfeitures and amerciaments to levying of the be aflfefTed by the find juftices of the peace at their general fef&ons fines and a- in any the cafes aforefaid, (hall be eftreated by the derk of the merciaments. Qf tjie fcjj county, an<f (hall be levied in fbch manner and

form, and employed to fuch ufes and intents, as in the faid fta- j tute made in the fecond and third years of King Philip and Queen Mtiry is limited and appointed. (2) This adt to continue for twenty years next after the beginning of this prelent parliament, arid from thence until the end of the parliament then	1

next after to be holden. 18 El. c. io» 27 EL c. 24. made per-	\

petual by 29 EL e. 5.

CAP. XIV.

An att againft forgers of falfe deeds and writings.

FOraftnuch as the wicked, pernicious and dangerous practice of making, forging and publi/hing falfe and untrue charters, evi-Prn^c*f°r denc'es, deeds and writings, hath of late time been very much more death the firft pra fifed, ufed and put in ure in all parts of this realm, than in times or fecond	paffea, not only to the high difpleafure of God, but alfo to the great

time. See.	injury, wrong, ' hurt, damage, dijherifon and utter undoing of divers

table lfCn‘ ™e r$luen's iMjefy'sfubjefts of this realm, and to the great Jubverjion Themfldnefs °f jtt/Uce and truth, (2) which feemeth to have grown and happened of the law hath chiefly by reafon that the pains and punijhments limited for fuch great increafed the ana notable offences, by the laws and Jlatutes of this realm, before deecUg °*	ttme ^}0Ve ^een	are f° fma^ ^Id ana eafy, that fuch evil

gYnft.’ I03, people have not been nor yet are afraid to enterprife the prafiiftng and 169.	9	doing of fuch offences:

13 Co. 34» 35* II. Be it therefore enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent ma-jefty, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, after the firft day of June now next coming, upon his or their own head and imagination, or by falfe confpjracy and fraud with others, (hall wittingly, fubtilly and falfly forge or make, or fub-tilly caufe or wittingly aflent to be forged or made, any falfe deed, charter or writing fealed, court-roll, or the will of any Made felony	perfon or perfons in writing, (2} to the intent that the ftate

by 2 Geo. 2. of freehold or inheritance or any perfon or perfons, of, in or c. 25. Sc 9 G. to any lands, tenements or hereditaments, freehold or copy-i. c. 18. hold, or the right, title or intereft of any perfon or perfons, of, in or to the fame, or any of them, (hall or may be tnolefted, Dj'tr 288,302, troubled, defeated, recovered or charged ; (3) or after the faid 322*	firft day of June (hall pronounce, publifh or (hew forth in eviT

dence, any fuch falfe and forged deed, charter, writing, court-roll or will, as troe, knowing the fame to be falfe and forged, as is aforefaid, to the intent above remembred, (4) and

M\

1562.']	.	Anno quinto Elizabeths, c. 14.	203

lhall be tfeerepf cqnviCted, either upon action or actions of 359-forger of falfe deeds, to be founded upon this ftatute, at the fuit of the party grieved* or otherwife according to the order and due courfe of the laws of this realm, or upon.bill or information to be exhibited into the court of the ftar-chamber, according to the order andufeof that court, (5) lhall pay un-The penalty to the party grieved his double cods and damages to be found or for forging or aflefled in that court where fucb conviction lhall be, (6) and al- a'fWcdcfd, fo lhall be fet upon the pillory in fome.open market-town, or whereby smoother open place, and there to have both his ears cut off, and ther’* freehold alfo his noftrils to be flit and cut, and feared with a hot iron* £“jj **trou" fo as they may remain fora p&petual note or qiarkof his falfe- bled# hood, (7) and lhall forfeit to the Queen our fovereign lady, her heirs and fucceflbrs, the whole iflues and profits of his lands and tenements during his life, (8) and alfo lhall fuffer and have perpetual imprifonment during his life; (9) the faid damages and cofts to be recovered at the fuit of the party grieved as is aforefaid, to be firft paid and levied of the goods and chattels of the offender, and of the iffues and profits of the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments of fuch party convicted or of one or both of them 5 the faid title of our faid fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs^or fucceflbrs, to the fame notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Forging of a That if any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day or June, upon deed, hereby his or their own head or imagination, or by falfe confpiration a kafe or an-or fraud had with any other, lhall wittingly, fubtilly and falfly ^^ecL * ° forge or make, or wittingly, fubtilly and falfly caufe or aflent to

be made and forged, any falfe charter, deed or writing, (2) to the intent that any perfon or perfons lhall or may have or claim any eftate or intereft for term of years, of, in or to any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, not being copyhold, or any annuity in fee-fimple, fee-tail or for term of life, lives or years;

(3) or after the faid day lhall as is aforefaid forge, make or caufe Foiling of an or aflent to be made or forged, any obligation or bill obligatory, obligation, ac-or any acquittance, releafe or other difeharge of any debt, ac- Jluittance, re-compt, action* fuit, demand or other things perfonal; (4) orG^dbolt6a. if any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of June lhall pro- pi. 75. nounce, publilh or give in evidence, any fuch falfe and forged a Brownl. 49. charter, deed, writing, obligation, bill obligatory, acquittance, 1 Lutw. 190. releafe or difeharge, as true, knowing the fame to be falfe and forged, (5) and lhall be thereof convicted by any the' ways or means aforefaid : Thatthen he lhall pay unto the party grieved his double cofts and damages, to be found and aflelTed in fuch court where the faid conviction lhall be had, (6) and lhall be alfo fet upon the pillory in fome open market-town or other open place, and there to have one of his ears cut off, (7) and lhall alfo have and fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of one whole year, without bail or mainprife.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* Theftvcmlre-That the party and parties grieved by reafon of any the offences

aforefaid, p y s

aga'mftthe offender.

He that is once punjfhed for an offence fhall not after be impeached for the fame.

The plaintiffs releafe fhall difcharge only his own reme-

<dr ‘ -

The fecond of* ffncc, felony.

Anno cjuinto Elizabeths, c.14:	[1562;

aforefaid, (hall and may, at his and their pleafure, have and fue his action of forger of falfe deeds upon this ftatute, againft: any the offenders in the fame, by original writ out of the Queen's highnefs court of chancery, and (hall and may .have like pro-•ceis upon the fame, as in cafes of trefpafs at the common law ; (2) or may at his pleafure take his fuit againft any fuch offenders in any the premiffes, by bill before the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceffors, in her court Commonly called the King’s bench, or in the court of the exchequer* iji which fuits no eflbin, injunction or protection ‘ fhall bt allowed for the party defendant.

V.	And be it finther enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if the party defendant fhall be convicted for any the pffences aforefaid, according to * the order and form above limited, and fhall have received thereupon punifhment corporal according to this aCt ; that then he fhall noteftfoons be impeached for the fame offence.

VL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That although the party or parties plaintiff in any fuch action or bill to be fued, as is aforefaid, fhall after verdiCt pafled a-gainft the defendant or defendants, happen to releafe or difcharge uie judgment or execution upon the fame,, or otherwife fuffer the fame to be difcontinued : That yet neverthelefs the fame releafe, difcharge or difcontinuance, fhall extend only to difoharge fuch cofts and damages as the fame plaintiff fhould have had againft the defendant 5(2) and that the judges before whom the faid aCtion or fuit fhall be taken, fhall and may proceed to judgment of and upon the refidue of the faid penalties and forfeitures, and to command execution upon the fame; the faid releafe, difcontinuance, or other difcharge had, made, done or fuffered by the party plaintiff, in any wife notwithftanding j this aCt or any thing therein contained to' the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VII- And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, being hereafter convi&ed or condemned of any the offences afoiefaid, by any the ways or means above limited, fhall after any fuch hi$ or their conviction or condemnation eftfoons commit or perpetrate any of the faid offences in form aforefaid ; that then every fuch fecond offence or offences fhall be adjudged felony ; (2) and the parties being thereof convicted or attainted according to the laws of this realm, fhall fuffer fuch pains of death, lofs and forfeiture of their good$, chattels, lands and tenements, as in cafes of felony by the common laws of this realm ought to be Iqft or forfeited, (3) without having any advantage or benefit of clergy orfanCtuary: (4) Saving to every perfon and perfons, bodies . politick ana corporate, their heirs and fucceffors, other than the laid offenders, and fuch -as claim to their ufes, all fuch rights, titles, interefts, pofleflions, liberties of diftrefles, leafes, rents, yeverfions, offices and other profits and advantages, which they gr piy qf tl\ein fhall have atthe time of fuch conviction or at-‘	M	‘	tainder.

1562.]	Anno quinto EuzaSeTHJE. &	*05

tainder, of, in dr to. any the lands, tenements or hereditament* of any fuch jperfon fo as is aforefaid convidted or attainted, or at any time before, in as large and as ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if this a A had never been had ne made. "

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority	^

aforefaid. That any fuch convidtion or attainder, of felony, as is ofdoweror6 aforefaid, or any forfeiture by teafioti of the fame, (hall not in corruption of any wife extend to take away the dower of the wife of any fuch blood for this perfon attainted, nor to the coemption of blood* ordi/herifon of fd°ny* arty the heir or heirs of anyfoch perfon or perfons fo attainted ; this adt, qr apy thing therein contained, or any other fta-tute, law, ufage, cwftom or thing heretofore ufed to the contrary in any wife notwithftandingv	.

I A. Provided alfo, and be it furthereradted by theauthori- 9™clals ty aforefaid. That'this adl, orany thing therein contained, (hall f feluoa^U not extend to charge any ordinary* or any their commiffaries, officials, regifters or any otl^r thwr officers or, roinifters, with any the offences aforefaid, for putting their feal of office to any will to be exhibited unto them,, not knowing the feme to ,bef falfe or forged, or for writing of. the faid will or prpbate of the fame; this, adt or any thing.therein stained to* the contrary notwithffanding.

X- And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Which jufticet all and eyery juftices of oyer and. determiner, and juftices of affife W hc.ar and in their circuits and every of them, (hall havefoU power and thcfc^fences# authority in every of their open and general feffioAs, to enquire, 9 Co. 118. hear and determine of all and every the offeneesaforefirid com- Cro. £1.87. mitted or done within the limits qf their comtaiffion and to 6o1* make prQcefs for the execution of the Curie, as they may do againft any perfon being indidted before them of tretyafs, or lawfully corividled thereofT

XJ. And be.it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, A repeal of al! That all othejr ftatutes heretofore made and provided for forgery other ftatuteg of falfe deeds* charters, muniments or writings, and all and every penalty appointed by the fame, (hall from and after the , nflfc. «. faid firft day of June be void and of none effedt in the law; any 7 h. 5. fuch ftatute or thing therein contained to the contrary in any . wife notwithftanding.

XII.	Provided always. That this adt, or any thing therein To what oer-contained, (hall not extend pr be hurtful in any Wife to any proc- fons this fta-tor, advocate or regifter of any ecclefiaftical court within this tute not realm, for the .writing,, fetting’forth or, pleading of any proxy cxtcn * made according to the, .eede^ftical. laws cm* cuftoms heretofore ufed and allowed by the ecclefiaftical courts of' th^s. realm, for the appearance of any perfon or perfons, being cried to appear in any of the faid courts ecclefiaftical, nor to any. archdeacon or official, for putting their aothentick feal to the (aid proxy or proxies, neither yet to any judge ecclefiaftical for admitting of the fame : (2) But that they and every of them may hereafter do in all points concerning the fame, as they and every of them

might

Zo6

Forcing of deeds before this ftatute,or presently after.

The penalty for pleading or publiftiinga forged- deaf made before this ftatnte*er fhortly after.

Anno quinto Elizabeths ai£ [1562.

might lawfully have done before the making of this aCt; any thing in this a& to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&fcd by the au-

thority afbrefeid, That if any perfon or perforis whatfbever, that hath of his or their own head, or by falfe corifofracy and fraud with any other, wittingly, fubtilly and falfly fbfged or made, (2) or: mail before the faid firft day of June forge* arid make any falfe deed, charter or writing fealed, or the will of any perfon in writing, or any court-roll, to the intent that the eftate of freehold or inheritance,' or the right, title or iritereft of inheritance or freehold of any perfon or perforis, 0(4 in or to any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments^ beirig freehold or copyhold, (3) or that by any fiicK forged deed, charter, court-roll or writing* 'before the (aid firft day of June (hall or may be molefted, troubled or defeated of any the faid eftates of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, being freehold or copyhold: (±) Or if any perfon or perforis have heretofore published or ihewed forth in evidence, or befoTethe faid firft day fhall pub-K(h or fhew in evidence for the proof of any title, any falfe or forged deed, charter, writing, will or court-roll, as true, knowing the feme to be falfe and forged as i9 aforefaid, to the intent above remembred, (5) and fhall be thereof attainted or convicted, according to the order of the laws of this realm, either in an aCtion of forger of fdkfaits, or in an a&ion upon the cafe at the fuit of the party grieved, his heirs, executors, - or affigrts, that then the party k> convicted (hall pay and yield damages, and cofts of fuit to the plaintiff, as* fhall be affefled according to the order of the hws of this realm in anyTuch like aCtion or fifit, (6) and (hall fuffer imprifonment and' pay fine and ranfbm it the pleafure of the Queen’s ttiajefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs.	>

XIV.	And if- atijrperfOri br 'perforis fhafl after the faid firft day of June plead, publifh Or fhew forth in evidence or other-wife, for the proof of any title, any falfe arid forged deed, charter, writing, will or Court-foil, heretofore falfly made and forged, or to^be falfly made and forged before the faid firft day of June, at true^ knowing the faate to be falfe and forged, (2) to the intent to have or daim thereby any eftate of inheritance, freehold, of leffe of years, in 6t to any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any annuity, rent or profit, forth of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments; (3) or to the intent to alter, defeat, moleft, trouble, charge or recover the eftate of inheritance, freehold, or-for years, of any perfon in any manors, lands, tenements, rents or hereditaments; (4) That then every perfon and perfons that fhall fo offend, and fhall be thereof convicted in form firft above-retnembred, (hall pay unto the party grieved, double cofts and damages; (5) and fhall have imprifonment, lofs of ears, flitting and fearing of nofe, and forfeiture of lands, in the fame manrter and forth as above is limited for any perfon that (hall offend by forging or publifhing

of

1562.3	.	Anno	quinto	Elizabeths. c.15.'	207

of any falfe deed or1 'writing at is aforefaid, after the aforefaid . fir ft day of Jung.

XV.	Provided always, and to it enafted by the authority a- A lawyer or farefaid, That this aft, nor any pain, forfeiture or thing therein contained, (hall not extend to any attorney^ lawyer oroounfellor forged1* aeed. that (hall for his client plead, (hew forth or give in evidence any

falfe and forged deed, charter, will, court-roll or other writing, for .true or good,, being not party or pritfy to the forging of the fame, for the pleading, (hewing forth or giving in evidence of the fame; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftandingj

XVI.	Provided always, and'he it enafted by the authority’Pleading a aforefaid. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall c*em-not extend to any perfon of penons that (hall plead or (hew fadta forth any deed or writing exemplified under the great, feal of the lame. England, or under the feal of any other authentick court of this

realm; (2) nor (hall extend to any judge'or juftice, or other perfon, that (hall caufe any feal of any court to be fet to any fuch deed, charter or writing enrolled,. not knowing the fame ta be falfe or forged 5 any thing in this aft to the contrary, not-: withftanding.

GAP. XV.

An aS ag&infi fond and f 'antaftteal prophefies.

FOafmuch as ftthence the expiration and ending of the ftatute Penalty for made in the time of King Edward the .Sixth, intituled, An aft publiflungany againft fond and fantaftical prophecies, divers evil difpofed per- t^tic^pro^ Jons, inclined to the Jlirring and moving of factions, feditions and re- phecy upon . hellions within this realm* have been the more hold to attempt the like arms, fields, practices in feigning* imagining, inventing andpubli/hing offuch fond ba^gC£d&5 and fantaftical prophecies, as well concerning the Queen’s majefty, as ^ divers honourable perfonages, gentlemen and others of this realm* as 33 h. 8. c. 14. was ufed andpraftijed before the making of the fatd ftatute# to the great difquiet, trouble and peril of the Queen's majefty, and of this her realm:	'	'	\	"r

II.	For remedy whereof, be it ordained and enafted by the The penalty authority of this prefent parliament. That if any perfon and^°fr perfons after the firft day of May next coining do advifedly and tiedprophe-" direftly advance, publim and fet forth by writing, printing, coupon arms, figning or any other open fpeech or deed, to any perion.or per- &c. toraake fons, any fond, fantaftical or falfe prophecy, upon or by the ™furrc&l0n» occafion of any arms, fields, beads, badges or fuch other like &c* things accuftomed in arms, cognizances or (ignets, or,upon or by reafon of any time, year or day, name, blood fhed or war,

(2) to the intent thereby to make any rebellion, infurreftion, diffenfion, lofs of life, or other difturbance within this realm and other the Queen’s dominions: (3) That then every fuch perfon being thereof lawfully conyifted according to the duo. courfe of the laws of this realm, for every fuch offence (hall fuffer imprifonment of his body by the fpace of oneyear, without bail or mainprife, and (hall forfeit for every (uch offence the fum of ten pounds,

..	6	III.	And

*3fr	Anno quirito Elizabethan. c. 16,h j:	[i	$5t?

The penalty III. And if any fuch offender do after fuch conviction eft-% t“c fccond foons offend in any of the premises, and be thereof lawfully. f00®* eonvided, as is aforefaid; that then every fuch offender fhall for his fecond offence and convidion, as is aforefaid, fuffer im-prifonment of his body without bail or mainprife durihg his life, and fhall forfeit all his goods and chattels reds and perfonals : (2) The moieties of every which forfeitures fhall be to the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fttcceflbrs, and the other moieties thereof to him that fhall or will fue for the fame in any of the Queen’s courts of record, by adion, bill, plaint or information ; in which cafe no efloin, wager of law or protedion fhall be allowed or admitted.

WhatjufHces IV. And.be it fufther enaded by the authority aforefaid, detcr^ne^the That ^	every juftice of aflife, juftice of oyer and determiner,

offences afore- an<* juftice of peace, fhall have full power and authority by faid*	virtue hereof, to enquire, hear and determine all and every of-

fence or offences, abovefaid, committed or done within the limits of their commifiion, contrary to the tenor and meaning of this ad.

Within what	Proved	always, and be it enaded by the authority

time an of- aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons fhall at any time hereafter fender muft be be impeached for any offence hereafter to. be committed or accufcd. done contrary to this ad, unlefs he be thereof impeached or accufed within fix months next enfukig any fuch offence by hipf \	or theta committed or done.

CAP. XVi.

The Several penalties of conjuration, or invocation of wicked {pints,

'	/ and witchcraft, inchantment, chirm or forcery. 33 H; 8. c. $. 1 Ed#

,	6.x. lit Repealed by 1 Jac. x. c. is. 9 Geo. 2. e. 5*

CAP. XVII/

An a£l for the punijkrrienl of the vice of buggery.

The ftatute of W *95E Kparlia London the third do, a c h. s. c. 6.	▼	T of November tn the one and twentieth year of the late King

whereby the of moft famous memory, King Henry the Eighth, and after by pro-committing of rogation holden at Weftminfter in the five and twentieth year of

mafiWrt^'or^ re*&n °f fat^ ^te t^ere was one	^ Jiatute made,

beaft is made intituled, An ad for the punifhment of the vice of buggery* felony, re- whereby the faid deteftable vice was made felony, as in the faid Statute V’V	more at large it doth and may appear: (2) Forafnuch as the faid

1 M. feff. 1. flatus concerning the punijhment.of the faid crime and offence of bug-C* 1	gery ftandetb at this prefent repealed and void by virtue of the fta-

tfite of repeal made in the fir ft year of the reign of the late &ueen Mary: Sithence which repeat fa had and made, divers evil dijpofed perfons have been the more bold to commit the. find moft horrible and deteftable vice of buggery aforefaid, to the high dlfpleafiire of Almighty God.	' »'

II.	Be it enaded, ordained and eftahlHhcd.by the Queen our Ibvereign lady, and by the affent of the lords fpiritual :and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament af-...	1	fembled*

>5^2.]. Ann© quinta ElizABfiTR®. c.18.	'	209

fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid fta-tute before-mentioned made in the five and twentieth year of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, for the puftifhment of the faid deteftable Vice of buggery, and every branch, claufe, article and fentence therein contained, ihall from and after the iirft day of June next coming be revived, and from thenceforth ihall ftand, remain, and be in full force, ftrength and effedt for Cver, in fiich manner; form and condition, as the fame ftatute was at the day of the death of the faid late King Henry the Eighth; the bid ftatute of repeal made in the faid iirft year of the laid late Queen Mary, of any words general or fpecial therein contained, or any other a6t or ads, thing or things, to the eontnuy notwithftanding. 2^3 Ed.6. 29* Pin. 391.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft declaring the authority of the lord keeper of the great feal and the lord chancellor of England to be one.

tX7 HERE fome ailejlion hath of late rifen, whether like pldce9 VV authority 1 preeminence, jurijdiftioh and power doth belongs and of right ought to belong,, to the office of the lord keeper of the great feed of England for the time bang, as of right doth and Might to belong to the office of the lord chancellor of England for the time being, or not:

IL For declaration whereof, and ill avoiding fuch qUeftion The authority hereafter, be it enabled and declared by the Queen oilr fovereign ?^thc lord lady, the lords fpiritual ahd temporal, and the commons, in ™*£?eal this pteferit parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the the lord chan-fame, That th6 comriion law of this realm is, ana always cellar, is all Was, and ought to be taken, that the keeper of the great feal °"e-of England tor the time being hath always had, ufed and exe- 4lnlt 7* CUted, ahd of right oitght to have, ufe and execute, and from henceforth may have, perceive, take, ufe and execute, as of right belonging to the office of the keeper of the great feal of England for the time being, the fame and like place, authori- . ty, preheminence, jurifdidtion, execution of laws, and all other cuftoms, Commodities and advantages, as the lord chancellor of England for the time being lawfully ufed, had and ought to have, ufe and execute, as of right belonging to^ the office of the lord chancellor of England for the time being, to all intents, conftrudlions and purpofes, and as if the fame keeper of the great feal for the time being were lord chancellor of England.

P

CAP.

Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.xgl £1582. CAP. XIX.

An aS to repeal a branch ufiaiute. made Anna pci mo Edw. 6. c. 5. touching- the conveying of borfis out of the realm.

Intheftatote YT7HERE in the parliament	Weftnanfieri*

of 1 Ed. 6.c. 5. V V year of the reign, of the. late King Edward tbe Sixths brother to our fovereign lady the Queen’s najefiy that, new is, amongfl outof this * divers other ftatutes, thtrewas one ait and made, agdnfi the realm, this carrying and conveying of any borfes, geldings or mares out of this branch {hall be realm : in which ait, amongfl. other things, there is one pmnfa repealed, viz. or brancb contained in theft words	/that is to

omipationiif fay. Provided always. That it flaillawful to every of the Kings their journey *, fubjetls that Jhallpafs over beyond theand carry with them and not to the horfet or geldings for their only occupation itLtheir journeys, and not mtcnt to fell.) fa (he intent to fell the fame beyond the fea; (a) and that intent to. be judged by oath of him or them that fo will carry over any borfo or gelding > which, oath jhall he taken before the. cufiomers or their deputies, or fearcber of every fucb port where the fame horfe or gelding	flailbe Jhipfed, before	the flipping thereofj.	by the fame

ail and prcnnfo it doth and may appear (3) and although tbe Jami aitand fiatute, in all parts thereof beneficial and profitable for this realm: yep nevertbetefs,. by. colour of tbe faid ptovifo and branch contained in difpofed	perfons of a covetous and greedy defire dt daily,	out

of this realm very great numbers of borfes and geldings, and dt ex-ibange and fell the fame in tbe parts beyond the feus, for their own, private lucre and gain: (4) ana becauje the trial of Jufh offences is by force of tbe faid	provifo and branch the faiafiatute,

no otherwife to be tried or judged but only oath ofthe.offender himfelf-, therefore the offenders therein do efcape	and

thereby many perfons are greatly encouraged' daily to commit tbe like offences contrary to the true meaning and intent, of tbe faid fiatute:

II.	For redrefs whereof, be it enacted by the Queen’s ma-jefty, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the Commons in this prefent parliament affembted, and by authority of the lame. That all the fafid provifo and branch before re-hearfed, mentioned and contained within the faid a<5t and fiatute, and every article and ferttence contained within, the find provifo, {hall from henceforth be repealed, made void and of none effeA: and that all the relidue of the faid a<5t and Astute {hall fiand, remain and be in full force and ftrength; any thing herein fpecified to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

j Anno qo»hfe'fiti2A8BtH'A. C.i6i	i\t

CAP. XX.

A» aS for forth# pmijkmnt nf vagabonds,, calling films Egyptians.

WHEREAS fttbmce the ail made in the firft andfecond yeah of. inft, mi the late King an£Queen,	Philip arti Queen Mary, for

thrpuni/hmeittcftfmt	falfeandfubtil company of vagabonds tailing

felves Egyptians, there is afcrupte and doubt rifen, whether fetch per.-fons as amg born-within this realm <tf England, of other the Qatetfs bighmfi	dominions,and are or Jbaliibecome of the felbrwjhlp or

pany of theJhid Vagabonds,	bytranforming or difguifing

in their apparel', or in a certain counterfeit fpeech or	,	art'

punijhabie by the faid nil in like manner as others of that fort are, beingjlrarrgers born and tranfporttd into this realm of England:

II; Therefore for the avoiding of all doubts and ambiguities ill The (tariite o that behalf, and to the intent that all fuch. fturdy and falfe i&iPh.&M. vagabonds of that fort, living;only upon the fpoil of the Ample c. +. concem-people, • may be condignly met withal and punilhed, (a) i£gnEgy?;t'^l* it enadted by the Queen our iovereign lady, die lords fj>iritual}nf0^ and temporal, and the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and' by the authority Of the lame. That the laid ftatutfc made in the firft and fecond years of the faid late King and Queen concerning thofe vagabonds calling themfelves Egyptians, lhail continue, remain and be in full force, ftrength and' effttSV.

III.	And yet moreover, be it efia&ed by the authority afore* jt ^ faid. That all and every perfon and perfons, which from and felony for after the firft day of May now next enfuing (hall be feeri- or Egyptians, or found within this realm of England or Wales, in any company ot^rs coun-or ffellowlhip of vagabonds, commonly called or calling them* fdves Egyptians, or counterfeiting, transforming or difguifing m.e to theri>> themfelves by their apparel* fpeech or other behaviour, like to remain a unto fuch vagabonds, commonly called or calling themfelves montH in this -Egyptians, and fo lhail do or continue and remain in the fame* realm* either at one time or at feveral times, by the fpace of one month : that then the faid perfon or perfons, (hall by virtue of this alt be deemed and judged a felon and felons; (2) and (hall therefore fuffer pains of death, lofs of lands and goods, • as in cafes of felony by the order of the common laws of this realm; (3) and lhail upon the trial of them, or of any of them therein, be tried in the county and by the inhabitants of the county or place where they or he lhail be apprehended or taken, and not per medietatem lingua ;(4) and lhail lofe the privilege and benefit of lanftuary and clergy.

IV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority To what per* aforefaid, That this a<5t (hall not in any wife extend to yiy fon* this aft child or children being within the age of fourteen years, nor to fl»*Unot«x-any of the faid perfons being in prifon the laft day of this •	*

prefent parliament; fo that he or they fo being in prifon, do within fourteen days next after his or their delivery out of

Pa	prifon*

an

None bom in the realm compellable to depart thence.

How perfotft for unlawful fifhing, hunting in a park, and taking of hawks or hawks eggs out of another's ground, (hall be punUhed.

Annoquinto Elizabeth^. c.2ty

prifon, either depart out of this realm of England and Wales, or put him or themfelves to fome honeft fervice, or exercife fome lawful work, trade or occupation, and utterly forfake the faid idle and falfe trade, conversation and behaviour of the faid counterfeit and difguifed vagabonds, commonly called or calling themfelves Egyptians.

V.	Provided alfb, and be it enabled by the authority afore* faid. That the faid a& made in the firft and fecond years of the laid late King and Queen, fhall not extend to compel any per-fon or perfons bora within any the Qyeen’s majelty’s dominions, to depart out of this realm of England or Wales, but only to constrain and hind them and every or them to leave their faidnaughty, idle and ungodly life and company, and to place themielves in fome honeft lervice, or to exercife themfelves at home with their, parents, or elfewhere, honeftly in fome lawful work, trade or occupation ; any thing mentioned in the1 laid former a& to the contrary hereof in any wile notwithftanding.

CAP. XXI.

An aft. for punijbmg 6f unlawful taking of fijh, doer or hawks.

WHERE as well the jQueen’s majejly, and her mojt noble pro* genitors,sas alfo the noblemen, gentlemen and divers other perfons of great dominions, lordjhips, manors and pojfejjtons within this ream, have of ancient and long time had, and many of them now of late, to their great cofts and charges, for the necejfary and better provifton and maintenance of\their houjhotds, have erefted and made in and upon their feveral demeansr grounds and' poffejftons, las well pools, Jlagnes, flews, motes, pits or ponds, for the only increafe of fijh, and have Jlored the fame with pickerel, hreme, tench, carp and divers other good kinds of fijh, for the necejfary increafe of viftuals, and for the better maintenance and provifton of their boufis as is aforefaid; (2) and alfo have imparked, iwuironed and inclofed many parcels of their faid demeans, foils, grounds and pojfeffions, for the breeding, jherijbing and increafe, as well of red as fallow deer within their feveral parks and inclofures, for the caujes afore declared; (3) and alfo have breeding within their woods and grounds, divers eyries of hawks of fundry kinds, to their great pleafure and commodity : (4) yet neverthelefs, the faid feveral waters, grounds, parks and inclofures, fo being had, erefted and made, and alfo being fo Jlored and replenijbed, hove been from time to time by evil difpojed perfons, of a very evil, wilful and infolcnt difpofition, and of malice and difpleafure, not only by night-time broken and entered into, but alfo the heads or dams of the faid ponds, pools, ft agues, motes, Jews or feveral waters, have been malicioufty, wilfully and unlawfully cut out, and the pales, fences and inclofures of the faid parks and grounds broken, cajl down andfet open, xand the fijh, deer and hawks within the fame, taken, deftroyed, carried away and Jlolen, (5) not only to the great lofs ana damage of the owners thereof, and to the fmall encouragement of other good fubjefts, minding the careful provifton of fuch necejfary viftuals, but alfo to the manifejl emboldning of many like wilful malefaftors and malicious offenders, whereby many riots, manjlau^hters, mifehiefs and other inconveniencics have

been

i5<>2.] t Anno quintoEuzABETHjE. c.21;	*13

been daily perpetrated, and like tc be committed and done, if circum-fpeft remedy be not hereunto provided:

II.	Be k therefore enacted by the Queen’s majefty, the lords *«H. $. c. *. fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, of this prefent par-, liament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That

if any perlbn or perfons after the feaft of Penteeo/l next comings (hall at any time by day or by night, unlawfully without authority, break, cut down, cut out or deftroy, any head or heads, dam or dams of any ponds, pools, motes, ftagnes,

Hews or feveral pits wherein fi(h are or (hall happen to be put in or ftored withal, by the owners or pofleffioners thereof;

(a) or do or (hall wrongfully fifli in any of the faid feveral ponds, pools, motes, ftagnes, news or pits, (3) to the intent to jdeftroy, kill, take or fteal away any of the fame fi(h, againft the will, mind or pleafure of the owners or pofleffioners of the lame; (4) not having any lawful title or authority fo to do, and thereof be. lawfully convicted at she fuit of our fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs or fucceftbrs, or the party grieved 5 (hall fuffer imprifonment of his or their bodies by the (pace of three months, (5) and (hall yield and pay to the party grieved his treble damages; (6) and after the faid three months expired Ihall find fufficient fureties for his or their good shearing againft the Queen our fovereign lady, her heirs and fucceftbrs, and all her liege people, for the fpsfce of feven years after; or elfe (hall remain and continue (till in prifon without bail or mainprife, until fuch time as he or they fo offending can and (hall find fuch fufficient fureties, during thp laid time and fpace of fevei* years as is aforefaid,

III.	And be it alfo enaded by authority of this prefent par- 3 Jac. 1. c. ij, ' liament. That if any perfon or perfons, after the laid feaft of ^°* P1*

Pentecojl next coming, at any time by night or by day, in manner aforefaid, wrongfully or unlawfully break or enter into any park impaled, or any other feveral ground clofed with wall, pale or hedge, and ufed tor the keeping, breeding and cherifhing of deer, and fo wrongfully hunt, drive or chafe out, or take, kill or (lay any deer within any fuch impaled park or clofed ground with wall, pale or other indofure, and uled for deer as is aforefaid; (a) or do or (hall take away any hawk or hawks, or the eggs of any of them, by any ways or means unlawfully out of any the woods or ground or any perfon or perfons, (not having lawful authority or licence fo to do); (3) and thereof be lawfully convided at the fyit of our fovereign lady the Queen, or the party grieved as is aforefaid; (hall likewife fuffer imprifonment of his or their bodies by the fpace of three months; (4) and Ihall yield and pay to the party grieved his treble damages; ( c) and after the faid three months expired, (hall find fufficient fu-reties for his or their good abearing for the fpace of feven years after, againft the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceftbrs, and all her liege people as is aforefaia; or elfe (hall remain and continue ftill in prifon, without bail or mainprife, until fuch time as he or they lb offending, can and (hall find fuch fufficient	•	v

P 3	furetie*

The party grieved may releafe the

Si 4	Aooo qpjjnto Eljwaiwet hje.f 156a,

. /unties dining the Jaid tine of /even yeaff m & afafie «r hearfed.

5ofedb}Btie Jy:	That J* «*». ? ,apy thing ■therein

licence of the <*»*a«wd, .extend not to any paik or andufed ground hereafter Queen.&c. fc> he made and ufed for doer, withoutibe grant or Jioencc x£ fm fovejieign lady theiQjaecn, her heirs, foeGfsflora or progenitors.	|

The remedy V, Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority £*-§(f the party fonefeid, That it {half be lawful for the patty grieved to foe and ISbre whom	^urthcr	remedy againft all and every foch offender and

r w m. Qffmdears, for bis lofs and damages, and to recover the treble lvalue of the fame in this behalf, as well before juftices cf vyer end determiner, juftices of affixes in their cirarit^ and juftkes of the peace, as clfewfaere in any other the Qneen’sxourts of records {*) and that upon the true fatisfodbon of tk foid trehle damage* to the party grieved, or upon the coofcffion and knowledge luretiihi of hereof ^ k*18 party, before the (aid juftices in open feffU g^abcarmg.10X15 t(> be holden within the county where the offence was cam-*	-	nutted,	it	iball	be	at the liberty of the lame party grieved to

whom the faid offence was committed, to neleate at bis pleasure the laid furctilhip of good abcaring, at any thne within the laid fovea years or before; any thing in this prefent aft before foe-cified or exprefted to the contrary notwkhftanding. tyhatjuftices VI. And be k further emfted by the authority aforefaid, ^ermine the T*1®* ju#ce* °f Q** and determiner, juftices of aflixe in their 'offences afore- circuits, and juftices of the peace and gaol-delivery in theirfefii-faid. '■ pns, (hall by virtue hereof have power and authority to enquire, hear and determine all and lingular the offences aforefaid, and to make aqd award procefs thereupon, as well upon indictments taken before them, as by bill of complaint, information or any other aftioq; in which fuit or aiftion no effbin, wager of law nor protection fhall be allowed*

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority uforefaid. That if any perfon or perfops at any time hereafter mail fortune to be bound before any of the juftices before mentioned, to the -	-	-	Queer},	hpf	heirs	or	fuccefibrf,	for	his	or	their	good	shearing

yoodabcaring. fof ifcvto y^xs, according to the tenor of this aft, and the fame party or parties fo bound (hall afterwards within foe faid fereri years come before the juftices of the peace of foe faid county where the faid offeree was committed, or fomeof them, in opeq feffions, and there in the faid open feffions confefs and acknowledge his or their faid offence or offences, and be fprry therefore, and fatisfy the party or parties grieved, according to the tenor of this aft, that then the faid juftices before whom the confeflion (hall be fo made fhall and may have power and authority by virtue of this aft, in the fame open ieffion, or in any other open feflion afterwards to be holden before foe faid juftices in tne faid county, within the faid' term of feven years, if it fhall feem good to their diferetions, to difcharge foe faid .recognizance and bond fo taken, su\d alfo the faid party and

■**'	<	parties

In what cafe f tie juftices of peace may fe-fcafe the offender of the

215

1562.J Anno quinto Elizabeth.*, c.22.

parties fo bound; this aft or any thing therein contained to tbe«mtraiy thereof notwithlbmding.

cap.xxii.

Jinw8 '4gah$ banjhfgwer feus,j and , net

J?ein£ftapk ware.

FOR reformation ofihtm	~griifst lamentably this - Forfeiture of

■fetit-parlktmini, ‘by divers -artificersof ibis realm working lea- {umiPj£“aU ther. It may pleafe your royal majdty, that it may be enaCted andcftaHi£hedwithriie dflent of this high court of parliament, hind buckT* That it (hall not be lawful to or for any manner of perfon or doe.&c. or the -perfons whatfoevtr, from and after the foil day of May next"“J? coming, to make any pelts, that is to lay, to mill, (hear, dip forwWpur-or take away thie wool of knyifheep-fldn or lamb-flu n, or to buy pofes taeybe any fkin rf ahy Ate, hind, buck, doe, goat, fewi> or kid, or made and the pelts tor .Anns ofanyof them, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons bought within fo itoaking any pelts, or buying fuch (kins as is aforefaid, do ■15 re*up' make or caufe to be made thereof, tawed or lawfully tanned leather or parchment, or otherwife convert die fame into fe-Oits, panncls or Other their own neceflary ufes; (2) upon pun that every perfon fo making pelts, or buying any of the fldns -or pelts aforefaid, contrary to the meaning of this ad, fhall forfeit and lofe the vxhie of all fobh pelts or Anns fo made and bought, and two Huttings fix-pence for every fkin or pdt fo bought, or pelt fo made fo is aforefaid.

IT. And be it further enfeCted, That it fhall not be lawful to The penalty or for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, from and after the ieaft aforefaid, to Au^ or convey, or caufe or procure to be SUL uiST* {hipped or conveyed, in or to any fhip, boat or veflel in or upon (kins, &c. re-the lfca, or in or upon any haven, river, creek or place within pealed by SEL| this realm of j England and Wales or either of them, any manner f* of fheep-fkms, woolfels, fhorlings, mordkigs or die fkrns of ySSSJL any flag, hind, buck, doe, goat, fawh or kid, or the pelts or tier made duns of any of them, or the hather made of them or any ctLfl»ep-fans, them, to the intent to tranfport or carry die fame into any of tK‘ the parts beyond the feas, then to be uttered, bartered or fold by way of merchandize or otherwife; {2) upon pain of forfeiture of all foch fkins or pelts, bought, laden, (hipped or transported contrary to the tenor and true meaning of this aft, or the value of them; (3) and alfo two (hillings fix-pence of lawful money of England, for every fell, Aiorling, moreling, pelt or fkin aforefaid, bought, laden, ftiipped or tranfported contrary to the tenor and true meaning of this prefent aCt: (4) the moiety of all which forfeitures fhall be to our fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs; and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the feme by action, bill, plaint, information or otherwife, in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts in which action no efioin, protection or injunction Audi be admitted qr allowed.

• P 4	HI.	Prp-

216	Anno	qulnto	Elizabeths	.	C.23.	fi	561;

Wares that HI. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful to the fulf txan£* merchants of the ftaple, the merchants of NeWcaJHe uponThef ponedby any Hartlepool and Berwick> their feryants, faftors and attomies, merchant. J and every of them, to carry and tranfport all fuch lawful wares as heretofore thjey have been accuftomed and lawfully might; any thing in this adt tp the contrary notwithftanding.

cordcrof	GAP. 2£XIII.

' awarding^and An aft for the due execution of tie writ de Exconununicato retpmingtbe	Capiendo.

T^ORASMUCH as divers perfons offending in many great (rimes capiendo: what * and offences appertaining meerfy to the juri/didtion and determi-is to be done	nation of the ecclejiaftical courts and judges of this realm'are many

upon the	fmes unpunijhed for lack and want of the good and due execution of

pearance^and writ Excommunicato capiendo, directed to the Jheriff of what if be	any county, for the taking and apprehending of fueb offenders: (a)

cannot be	the great abufe whereof as it Jbould feem, hath grown for that the

found, and writ js not returnable into any court that might have the judg-awarding this mnt tf the well executing and ferving of the faid writ according to writ. 5 ^e contents thereof; (3) but hitherto nave been left ordy to the dif~ 4 Inft. *19. : eretion of the Jheriffs and their deputies, by whofe negligences and de-CtP \EL 144- faults for the mofl part the faid writ is not executed upon the offenders \ Bulftr. r as **t0 b: (4) b reafon whereof fuch offenders be grpatiy en-\ Inft. 39. * couraged to continue their Jinful and criminous lifey much to the dif 7a Co. 77. ^pleafire of Almighty Gody arid to the great contempt of the eccfefiaJH-a Roll. 174.. cal laws of this realm:	.	•	.

Awarding II. Wherefore for the redrefs thereof, be it enadted by the ©Quin’s m°ft excellent majefty, with the affent of the loros fpi-tdto c^ndo. ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent pant-* ment aflbmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day.of May next coming, every writ of Excommunicato Capiendo that (hall be granted and awarded out of the high court of chancery, againft any perfon or perfons 1 $alk. *93. within the realm of England, (hall be mane in the time of the term, (2) and returnable before the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceflors, in the court commonly called the Kipg’s bench, in the term next after the Tefie of the fame writ ; (3) and that the fame writ (hall be made to contain at the leaft twenty days between the Tefle and the return thereof: (4) and after the pro. Jac. 567. fame writ (hall be lb made, and (baled, that then the faid writ j Sid. 165, *85. ^^1 ^ forthwith brought into the faid court of King’s bench, 5 and there, in the prefence of the juftices, (hall- be opened and delivered of record to the (herifF or other officer co whom the ferving and execution thereo£(hall appertain, or to his or their deputy or deputies: (5) and if afterwards it (hall or may appear to the juftices of the fame court for the time being, that the fame writ fo delivered of record be not duly returned before them at the day of the return theredf, pr that any other default Or negligence hath been ufed or had in the not well ferving and executing of the faid writ 5 that then the juftices of the (aid fourt (lull and may, by authority of this adfc, affefs fuch amer-

ciamenf

Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.23.	217

ciament upon the faid (heriff or other officer in whom (uch de- Jhe fault lhall appear, as to the difcretion of the faid juftices {hall be JL thought meet and convenient: which amerciament io afleflcd not returing {hall he eftreated into the court of exchequer, as other amercia- of the writ? ments have been ufed.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. What flail be That the lheriff or other officer to whom fuch writ of - l^fbodof

municato capiendo, or other procefs by virtue of this a& (hall be the excom. directed, (hall pot in any wife be compelled to bring the body municate. of fuch peribn or perfons as (hall be named in the (aidwrit or procefs, into the faid court of the King's bench at the day of the return thereof; (2) but (hall only return the fame writ and .

' procefs thither, with declaration briefly how and in what manner he hath ferved and executed the fame, to. the intent that thereupon the faid juftices may then further therein proceed,

‘according tp the tenor aqd effect of this prefent aft.

IV.	And- if this faid lheriff pr other officer to whom the exe- if the (heriff . cution of the faid writ (hall fo appertain, do or (hall return that return

the party or parties named in the laid writ cannot be found •*******•

'■ within his bailiwick; that then the faid juftices of the King’s bench for the time being, upon every fuch return, (hall award one .writ pf Capias again!? the faid peribn or perfons named in the faid wpt bf Excommunicato capiendo, (2) returnable in the Firft Cafiati fame court in the term-time, two months at leaft next after the Cro. Jac. 56$, Tejfe thereof, (3) with a proclamation to be contained within *74*

• the faid writ m Capias, that the lheriff or other officer to whom J **?* the faid writ (hall be directed,' in the, full county-court, or elfe *	’

at the general affizes and gaol-dejiyery to be holden within the . faid county^ or at a quarter-feffions to be holden before the juftices of the peace' within the faid county, (hall qfiake open proclamation fen' days at the leaft before the return, that the ptfrty or parties named in the faid writ (hall, within (ix days next after fuch proclamation, yield his or their body or bodies to the gaol or prifbn of the faid (heriff or other fuch officer,

-thereto remain as a prifoner, according to the tenor and effedfc of the firft writ of Excommunicato capiendo, upon pain of forfeiture of ten pounds: (4) and thereupon after fuch proclamation had, and the faid fix days part and expired, then the faid - (heriff or other officer to whom fuch writ of Capias (hall be directed, (hall make return of the fame writ of Capias into the faid court of the King’s bench, of all that he hath done in the execution thereof, and whether the party named in the (aid Writ have yielded his body to prifon or not.

V.	And if upon the return of the faid (heriff it (hall appear. Ten pounds that the party or parties named in the fame writ of Capias, or forfeiture for any of them, have not yielded their bodies to the gaol and pri- not aPP**PW fon of the faid (heriff or other officer, according to the effect of capias. * 611 fame proclamation; that then every fuch perfon that fo

(hall make default, (hall for every fuch default forfeit to the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceflors, ten pounds; (2) ■ which (hall likewife be eftreated by the faid juftices into the

fait}

2l8

idAfttfc'

Twenty pounds forfeiture upon the fecond Capiat.

id Capiat.

Aonot-quinco Elizabeths C.23:	[1362.

faid court of exchequer, infuch manner and form as fines and amerchttoents there taxed and aftefledore ufed to be.

VI.	And thereupon the faid juftices of the King’s bench fhall affo award forth one other writ of Capias againft the per-fon or perfons ‘that fo (hall be returned to have made default, with fuch like proclamation as was contained -in the firft Capias and a pain of twenty pounds, to be mentioned in the laid fecond writ and proclamation: (z) and the (heriff. or other officer to whom the bid writ of usond Capias fball be fodineited, (hall •ferye and execute the faid fecond writ in fuch like manner and Form a's before is expreffed fop the Herring and executing of the laid firft writ of Capias, (3) And if the (heriff or other officer fhall return upon the faid fecond Capias, that, he hath made the pro'damation according to the tenor and effe& of the lame writ, and that the party hath hot yielded his body to prifon according to the tenor of the bid proclamation $ that then the bid party that fo (hall make default, (hall for fuch- his contempt and default forfeit to the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fuc-ceffors, the fum of twenty pounds; (4) which faid (urn of twenty pounds the bid juftices of tire King’s -bench for the finie tying (hall llktwlfe caufe to be eftreated into the bid court pf exchequer, in manner and form aforefaid.

VII.	And. then the (aid juftices (hall likewke award forth one Other writ of 'Capias againft the faid party, with fiich like proclamation and pain of forfeiture, as was contained in the (aid fecond writ of Capias; (a) and the (heriff or Other officer to to whom the faid third .writ of Capias (hall fa be dire<Sbed, (hall ferve and execute the bid third writ of Capias in foch like manner and form as before in this a<5t is expnsfied and declared for the ferving and executing of the bid forft and fecond writs of Capias, (3) And if the (heriff or other officer to whom the execution of the bid third writ (hall appertain, do make return of the bid third writ of Capias, that the party upon fuch proclamation hath not yielded his body to prifon according to the tenor thereof; that then every fuch party for every fuch contempt and default (hall likewife forfeit to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceftbrs, other xx. li. (4) which fum of xx. li.

the 8,t likewile be eftreated into the bid court of the exchequer in third	Capiat manner and form aforefaid; (5) aqd thereupon the bid juftices

of the King’s bench (halLlikewife award forth one writ of Capias againft the faid party, with like proclamation and like pain of forfeiture of xx.li. (6) and that alfo the bid juftices (hall have authority by this act, infinitely to award fuch procefs of Capias with fuch like proclamation and pain of forfeiture of xx. li. as is before limited, againft the faid party that fo (hall make default in yielding of his body to the prifon of the (heriff, until fuch time as by return of fome of the faid writs before the bid

i'uftices, it (hall and may appear, that the bid party hath yielded limfelf to the cuftody of the bid (heriff or other officer, according to the tenor of the faid proclamation ; (7) and that the party upon every default and contempt by him made againft

Twenty

Awarding of Capias infinitely, and

lt£ a.| Amoquinto Elizabeths.	*29

(the proclamation of any of the laid writs fo infinitely to be xxli. forfeit avoided againft hint* lhall incur like pain and forfeiture of HP00 ***** °f xx. 1L which lhall hkewife he eftnegted fo manner and fon» *"** rfoidkid.

VHL And he it further enafted by die authority aforefaid, Th.e,?®t?^er That when any peifon or pexfons fbaU yield his or their body ^7^0*5, or bodies to the hands of the (heriff or other officer, qpon any	to

of the laid writs of Capias, that then the fame party or parties prifon.

-that (hall £0yield themfelves, (bail remain in the prifon and * fodftr. *>*• pufiody of the (aid (heriff or other offioer, without boil, bafton or mainprise, fo (rich Jibe manner and form, to aU intents asm purpofes, as heor they fhoukl or ought to .have dene, if he or they had been apprehended and taken upon the fad writ rif Excommunicato capuudo,

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority afoK&id, The-forfei-

Tfiat if any (heriff or other officer by whom the (aid writtfft*“*«f*fbe-Capias or any of them (hail be returned, as fo aforefeid, do	'

snake an untrue return upon any of die find writs, that the

party named in the faid writ hath not yielded his body upon -the Xaid proclamations, or any of them, where indeed foe party did yield himfeif according to the effe& of foe feme, That then every fuch (heriff or other officer, for every fuch fidfe and untrue return, (hall forfeit to foe party grieved tad damnified by the faid retum, the fom of forty pounds ; (2) for foe which fum of forty pounds foe faid party grieved (hall have his recovery anddue remedy by a&um of debt, bill, plaiot or information, fo any of the Queen’s courts of record; fo which action, bill, plaint or information, no eflbin, protection or wager pf law fhaU be admitted or allowed for the party defendant;

X.	Saving and referving to all archbhhops and bifhops. The bidiop’s and all others having authority to certify any perfon excomuni- authority to cated, like authority to accept and receive the fobmiffion and "gforcjj*: fatisfadfion of foe laid perfon fo excommunicated, in manner {j^fo^rthe and. form heretofore ufed, (2) and him to abfolve and releafe, exmmmoiri-and foe feme to fignify, as heretofore hath been accuftomed, to cate.

the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, into the high

fourt of chancery; (3) and thereupon to have fuch. writs for v*; *

foe deliverance of the faid perfon, fo abfolved and releafed, ^	**

from the (heriff’s cuftody or prifon, as heretofore they or any

jof them had, or of right ought or might have had; any thing

in this pr-efent ftatute fpecified or contained to the contrary

hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided always, That in Wales, foe counties palatines ^ of

of	Lancajler,Chcfltr, Durham and Ely, and in the cinque ports, liberties

being jurifdi&ions and places exempt, where the Queen’s ms- where the . jefty’s writ doth not run, and procels of Capias from thence not Qg.eens writ Returnable into thefeid court of foe King’s bench, after any Sig- runneth, not.

pificavit being of record in the faid court of chancery, the tenor of fuch Sigmjicdvit by Mittimus (hall be fent to fuch of tire head officers of the faid county of Wales, counties palatines, find places exempt, within vybofe- offices, charge or jurifditftion foe offenders (hall be reliant; that is to fay, to foe chancellor

Of

t

*20

ed of the penalty afore-laid.

s ower i6.

Annoquinto Euzabeth/b. €.23^	(i562'.

or chamberlain for the faid county palatine of Lancajler and Chefier, and for the cinque ports to the lord warden of the fame, and for Wales and Ely, and the county palatine of Durham, to the chief juftice or juftices there : (2) and. thereupon every of the faid juftices and ofnters to whom fuch tenor of Significavit with Mittimus (hall be directed and delivered, (hall by virtue of thiseftatute have power and authority to make like procefs to the inferior officer and officers to whom the execution of procefs there doth appertain, returnable before the juftices there at their next feffions orcourts, two months at the lead after the tefte of every (Uehi protefs: (3)'fb always as in every degree they (hall proceed in their (effidns and cpurts againft the offenders, as the juftices of the faid 'court of King’s bench are limited by the tenor of thi?alt in term-times to do and execute.

Certain'per- XII. Provided alfo, and be'it enacted, That any perfon, # difeha^-the titne of'any procefs of Capias aforementioned awarded, be-mg in prifon, or out of this realm in the parts beyond the fea, or within age, dr of non fan* memoria, or woman covert, (hall not *incur .any of the pains 6r forfeitures aforementioned, which (hall grow-by any retumor default happening during fuch time of nonage, imprifbnment, being beyond the fea, or non Jana -fnemoria (a) and that by virtue of this eftatiite, the party gneved ‘may plead every fuch caufe or matter in bar of and upon the diftrefsi or other ptoc^ft that (hall be made for levying of any •pf the (kid pains or forfeitures. .

• XIII; And that if the offender againft whom any fuch writ cording tothe-of Excommunicato capiendo (hall be awarded, (hall not in the fame 1 Salk * 4 *5*wnmumcato capiendo have a fufficient and lawful ad-3 Mod* 4*, 89, dition, according to the form of the ftatute of primo of Henry €h>..Car. 197, the Fifth, in Cares of certain fuits whereupon procefs of exigent 199-	are	Jo be awarded: (2) or if in the Significavit it be not con-

cJo Car,i°4’ ta*nc<^ t*lat *keexcpmmunicatipn doth proceed upon fome caufe ’ *97’ or contempt of fome original matter of herefy, or refufing 1 Roll. i7<. to have his or their child baptized, or to receive the holy communion as it is now commonly ufed to be received in the church of England, or to come to divine fervice now commonly ufed in the faid church of England, or error in matters of religion or do&rine now received and allowed in the faid church of England, incontinency, ufury, (imony, perjury in the ecclefiafti-cal court, or idolatry; (3) that then all and every pains and forfeitures limited againft fuch perfons excommunicate by this eftatute, by reafon of fuch writ of Excommunicato capiendo want; ing fufficient addition, or of fucK Significavit wanting all the caufes aforementioned, (hall be utterly void in law 5 (4) and by way of plea to be allowed to the party grieved.

XIV. And if the addition (hall be with a Nuper of the place. Then in every fuch cafe, at the awarding of the firft Capias with proclamation according to the form aforementioned, one writ of proclamation (without any pain expreffed) (hall be awarded into the county where the offender (hall be molt commonly refignt at the time of the awarding of the faid firft Capias

Addition ac-

>75-a Jones 246. Lkfcch 204.

2 Jones g9. x Show. 17.

faufes of ex communication.

Addition tilth a differ.

1562*2	Anno quinto Elizabethje, 0,24,25;	221

with pain in the fame writ of proclamation, to be returnable, the day of the return of the faid firft Capias with pain, and proclamation thereupon at fome one fuch time and court, as is pre~ fcribed for the proclamation upon the faid firft Capias with pain:

(2) and if fuch proclamation be not made in the county where the offender (hall be moft commonly refiant in fuch cafes of * additions of Nuper, That then fuch offender ihall fuftain no pain or forfeiture by virtue of this effatute, for not yielding his or her body, according to the tenor aforementioned \ any thing before fpecified to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIV.

The ftatnte of 13 H. S. c. *. touching the making and repairing of gaols, Prifbne* lhall be revived and continue ten years: and the jultices of peace in the counties of Pembroke, Glamorgan, Cardigan, Radnor and Montgomery in '

Wales, (hall have power to do and execute all things concerning the new making of gaols, as the juftices and other perfons mentioned in the faid ftatute. EXP.

CAP. XXV.

An aft to fill up juries lacking in Wales de Circumftantibus.

WHERE in the parliament holdenat Weftminfter in the thirty- In ccrtrin fifth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Henry ^ circvm-* the Eighth, father to our mojt dear fovereign lady the Queen's ma- ft antibus may jejly that now is, one wholefome and profitable aft and eftatute amongft be granted other was then eftablijhed and enafted, intituled by the name of An “V“e.ia a<ft concerning the appearance of jurors in Nifi Prius: (2) waies^and where amongft things in the aft it was eftablijhed. That where a ml in the county jury returned betwixt party and party did not appear before the jufiices palatine of of ajftze, or Nifi Prius, or elfe after appearance of a full jury, by Chefter, &c. challenge of any of the parties, the jury was like to remain untaken for afthelr great* defaultof jurors, that the fame juftices upon requeft made by the party felfions.6 plaintiff tt demandant, Jhould have authority by virtue of the fame A rehearfal aft, to command the Jheriff, or other minifler or miniflers to whom the making of the faid return Jhould appertain, to name and appoint, touching the as often as need Jhould require, fo many of fuch other able perfons of fiiiingup a ju-the Jaid county, then prefent at the faid ajjize or Nifi Prius, as Jhould ry de Ctrcum • make up a full jury: which perfons fo to be named and impanelled by/antibus. fuch jheriffs, or other minifler or minijlers, Jhould be added to the former panel, and their names annexed to the fame, and further as in the fame aft more plainly may appear: (3) which faid beneficial aft doth not extend unto the twelve Jhires of Wales, ne to the county palatine of Chefter, nor to the county palatine of Lancafter, nor to the county palatine of Durham, by reafon whereof many juries remain untaken betwixt the parties, what for lack of appearance of jurors, and fome becaufe of challenges, to the great hindrance ofjujlice, and great expences and charges to the parties:

II.	For reformation whereof, be it enacted by the Queen our fovereign lady, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That in every of the (hires of Wales7 that is to fay, Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan,

Brecknock,

222

CaEntr. ti. Cro* Jac. 16s<

Challenge to the jurors newly named.

A juror newly impa nelJcd doth withdraw himfcli.

TBie firft jurors making default (half lofe their

Anno qu’rnto &iZABtTrtA.

Bftclnotf’,Radhor, Ghttorgan-, Montgomery, BettBigfr, Mint, Merioneth, jfngkfey, Cameroon, and in the county palatine ofCfiefler, and in the- faid- county palatine- of Durham, and m die hid* county palatine of j	Lancafttr,where a fall1 jury (half not appear

before the jtoffices oftfie great feffion in any of the faid mires or counties palatines^ or their deputies there, or elfe afierap-pearanceof a full jury, by challenge of any of the parties-, the jury is like to remain untaken for default cojurors, That then the fame juftiees, in every of the faid (hires and counties pda-tines for the time bang-, oc their deputy or deputies, upon re-queft made by the party plaintiff or demandant, (hall have foil' authority by virtue of this aft t» command the (heriff, or other minifter or miniftera to whom- the making of the faid return* (hall appertain, to name and appoint, as often as need' (hall require, io many of fitch other able perfons of the faid counties, then prefent at the (aid great fellions, as- (hall make up a-full jury: which perlons fo to be named and impanelled % fuch (heriffs, or other minifter or minifters, (hall be added to the former panel, and their names annexed to the fame: (a) and that every of the parties (hall or may have his or their chal-lengeto the jurors fo named, added and annexed to the faid former panel, by the fiud (heriff or other minifter jor nrriniftersi in foch wife as if they had been impanelled upontne cias awarded to try the faid ifliie: ( j) and that the faid juftiees, and'every of them, and their deputy or deputies^ (hall and may proceed to the trial' of every fiicn ifliie with thofe perfons that were before impandledana returned, and with thofe newlyad-ded and annexed to the faid former panel by virtue of this afty in fuch wife as they might or oughrto have donej if all the (aid jurors had been returned upon the writ of Venire awarded to try the faid ifliie: (4) and that all and every fuch trial had* (hall be as good and effectual in the law, to all intents, con-fthiftions and purpofes, as if fuch trial had Been had and tried by twelve of the jurors impanelled and'returned upon the writ of Venire facias awarded to try fiiehiflue: (y) and in cafe fuch perfons as thefiud (heriff, minifter or minifters, (hall name and appoint, as is aforefaid, or any of them, after they (hall be called, be prefent and' do. not appear, or after his or their appearance do wilfully withdraw-him or themfelves from the prefence of the court, That then fuch juftiees, or their deputies, (hall and may fet fuch fine upon every fuch jtiror malting default, or wilfully withdrawing himfelf as aforefaid, as they (hall think good by their diferetions $ (6) the faid fine to be levied in fuch manner and (br|n as iftiies forfeited and loft By jurors for default of their appearance, as is provided by the law and cuf- -tom of the (aid countries of	Wales,and counties palatines afore-

faid, where fuch iflues are forfeited'

HI. Andbe it further enafted by the-awhority aforefaid, That where any jury, that (hall be returned by the (heriff or other minifter or minifters, (hall' be made full by the commandment Of the faid juftiees or their deputies, by virtue of this prefent

aft

Anno quint© E£l£AfcfcTf*^.	223-

aft, that yet neverthelefs fuoh perfons as were returned'in th« laid panel' b	ythe lherifF or othra mini Act or miniftere, to try-

any fuch iflue, that lhall not appear, but make default, (halt loie the iflues upon them returned, in fuch wife as- though the fame jury had remained for default of jurors.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon upon area* a reafonable excufe'for the default of appearance-of any juror or fonable exjurors, fufficiendy proved- before the juftices of the great feflions,

or their deputies, in the countries and counties palatines afore- chargedof" fad, at the day of their appearance, by die-oaths of two lawfol iffnes. and honeft witnefles, that the fane juftices (hall have authority by their diferetions to difeharge every fiich juror of every fiich forfeiture of iflues upon him returned-; (a; and1 that the laid Iheriff or- Iheriffs, or other minifter or minifters, having commandment by the fad juftices to omit-the returning of fuch iflues, as is aforefaid, upon fuch juror or jurors, lhall be therein difeharged of the penalties aforefaid for the non-returning of the fad- iflues, and that yet notwitbftanding the fad re- -turn to be good and effectual in the law; any law, ufage, ordinance or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided alio, and be it. enafted by the authority afore- If the jnlHces faid. That if the faid juftices or their deputies, afore whom any

fuch jury fliould appear in. the (hires op counties palatines where diichuved of fuch iflue is to be fried, do not come at the day and place ap- their iuuea. pointed. That then every one of the fane jurors lhall be difeharged for forfeiting of any ifliies upon him returned in the fame writ: (2) and the Iheriff, or other minifter or minifters, lhall be likewife difeharged of the penalties of this eftatute, for the non-returning of fuch iflues as are before limited in this ad; any article or fentence herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And alfobe it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The (herids

That if upon any fuch writ of Habeas corpora or	,	forfeiture for

iflues be returned upon any hundredors, juror or jurors, by the

(heriffs, or other minifter or minifter! to whom the execution of the fame writ or writs lhall appertain, whereas the fame hun- warned, dredors and jurors lhall not be lawfully fummoned, warned or diftrained in that behalf, That thep every fuch Iheriff, or other minifter or minifters aforefaid, lhall lofe for every fuch offence fo committed double lb much as the faid iflues returned upon fuch hundredors or jurors not lawfully fummoned, warned or diftrained, lhall amount unto: (2) the moiety of all which for- who (half feitures contained in this prefent aft, other than the iflues to be have the for-returned upon the jurors, as is aforefad, lhall be to the Queen	*"*

our fovereign lady, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other half ^ans they to him that will fue for the fame by aftion of debt, bill, plaint (halt be r«-or information, in the Queen her grace’s great court within the covered, faid county where fuch forfeiture (nail happen to be, before the fad juftices, his or their deputy or deputies; in which no wager of law, efloin or protection lhall be allowed ne admitted:

(3) laving to all manner of perfons* and. bodies politick and'

corporate.

224	Anno	quinto	Elizabeths.	[1562.-

corporate, their heirs and fucceflbrs, having lawful right, title ana intereft, to have fuch iflues, to be before any fuch juftice* or their deputies at any time or titles hereafter loft and forfeited, all fuch right, title and intereft as they or any of them fhould or ought to have had to fuch iflues to be loft and forfeited, as though this aft had never been had or made.

Returning of VII. Providea alfo. That this aft, nor anything therein con-intjuefts m tained, (hall not extend to any city or town corporate, or to towcoroo* any	minifter	or	minifters	in the feme, for the return of

rat«,	any inqueft or panel to be made and returned of perfons in-

habiting in the aid cities or towns corporate, but that they and every of them (hall and may return fuch perfons in every fuch inqueft or panel, as before this time they might and have been accuftomed to do, and as if this aft had never been had or made, fo that the feme lheriflf, minifter or minifters, return upon fuch perfons as (hall be impanelled, fuch like and rea-fonable iflues as they ought to return; any thing in the feme contained to the contrary notwithftanding. 2 Ed. 6.

CAP. XXVI.

An all for the inrolmnt of indentures of bargain and fate in the Queen’s majeftfs courts of the counties of Lancafter, Chefter, andbifhoprick 0/Durham, Jball be good in lam.

*7 H. 2. c. 16. TX7HERE in the parliament holden upon	at Weft-

VV minder the fourth day of February in the xxvij	of the

reign of our late fovereign lord of mojl famous memory King Henry the	Eighth, and there continued and kept till the xiiij. day April then

next enfiungy it was enaited, That from thelafl day of July toas in the year of our Lord God one thoufand five hundred

nomanorsy lands,tenements or other hereditaments	, alter

or change from one to another, whereby any efiate of inheritance or freehold Jkould be made or take	in any perfon or perfons, or any

ufe	tbefeof to be made, by reafon	only of any bargain and thereof,

except the fame bargain and fale were made by writtng indented, fealed, and inroUed in one of the Kings courts of record at Weftmin-fter, or elfe within the fame county or counties where the fame manors, lands or tenements fo bargained and fold lit or be, before the cuftos rotulorum and two jufiices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the fame county or counties, or two of them at the leqft,	the

clerk of the peace to be one) and the fame inrollments to be bad and ■ made within fix months next after the date of the	writing indent-

ed-, as by the fame a£t of parliament among other things therein contained more at large it doth appear.

II. Andforafmucb as the fame ait of parliament doth not extend, to make any inrollments of any deeds indented of fuch bargains and/ales made of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, lying and being within the counties palatine ^Lancafter, Chefter, and the ^Durham, to be good or of any forte in the , in any the Queen's courts of record within the faid counties palatine of Lancafter, Chefter or bijhoprick 0/Durham.

HI. Be

1562.] Anno <|uint0 ELI2?ABETHiE. C*27*	225

III.	Be it now therefore ena&ed by the Queen our fovereign .	.	.

lady, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal of this LancSter * prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Chefler, Dur-That from the feaft of Eajler next coming,, all inrolments of bam.

fuch writings indented, (viz. as be mentioned 27 H. 8. c. 16.) of any bargain and fale, after the faid feaft of Eajler to be made of any manors, lands, tenements or other .hereditaments, fet* lying or being in the counties of Lancajler, Chejler and bifhop-rick of Durham, being made and inrolled within fix months next after the date of any fuch writings indented, in the Queen’s court of chancery at Lancajler, or before the Queen’s juftice or juftices of aftizes at Lamajter aforefaid, concerning any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments within the faid county of Lancajler \ or in the Queen’s court of the exchequer at Cheflert or before the Queen’s juftice or juftices of aftizes at Chejler aforefaid, concerning any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments within the faid county of Chejler ; or in the court of chancery at Durefme, or before, the juftice or juftices of aftizes at Durefme aforefaid, concerning any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments within the faid county of the hi (hop* rick of Durefme; (hall be accepted, reputed, deemed and taken by the authority of this aft, to be as good and available in Jaw, to all intents, conftru&ions and purpofes, as if the fame writings indented had been made and inrolled in any of the Queen’s courts at Wejlminjler\ any thing contained in the faid former a<ft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, That this a<ft nor any thing therein ^owns cor<-contained (hall not extend to any manors, lands, tenements of porate. hereditaments lying and being within any city, borough or town corporate within any of the faid countries, wherein the mayors, recorders, chamberlains, bailiffs, or other officer or officers

have authority, and have lawfully ufed, to inrol any evidences, deeds w other writing, within their precincft or limits; any thing in this adl contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft touching fines to be levied in the county palatine of Durham.

IN mofl humble wifeJhewen unto your mofl excellent Majejlyyour true and faithful fubjefts and liege-men the inhabitants Of the county palatineof Durham, That whereas by authority of parliament diver's necejfary and beneficialJlatutes have been made for and concerning the levying of fines with proclamation, which are not only necejfary for the prejervation of quietnefs and concord amongjl your loving fubjeftsy and for the avoiding ofJlnfe and contention, kit alfofor the great and perfeft ajjurance of all fuel) perfons to whom fuch fines are levied, of any lams, tenements or hereditaments; which faid beneficial and necejfary ejlaiutes do not extend to any fines to be levied within the faid county palatine of Durham: in tender confideration whereof pleafeth it your moft excellent Majefty, That it may be enadted bv your Highnefs, and the lords fpiritual and temporal, and 'Vo*. VI.	Q. *	the

* 21$

Fines levied before the juftices of aftize at Durham.

Anno quinto Elizabeths, c.28. f 1562.

the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and Angular fines, which at any time hereafter (hall be levied or knowledged before the juftice or juftices of the county palatine of Durham for the time being, authorized for that purpofe and caufe, of any lands, tenements or other hereditaments, lying or being within the faid county palatine of Durham, which (hall be openly read and proclaimed two feveral days in the open feflions in the prefence of the juftices of aftize at Durham, or one of them for the time being, at the fame feflions that the fejne fine (hall fortune to be ingrofied; (2) and alfo that (hall be openly read and proclaimed in the prefence of the juftices of aftize at Durham, or one of them for the time being, at the two next general feflions that (hall be holden in the county palatine of Durham before the juftices of the fame county, commonly called juftices of aflizes at Durham, or one of them* next after the levying or in-grofling of fuch faid fine ; (3) (hall be of like and of the fame force, ftrength and effecft in the law, to all intents, conftrudions and purpofes, as fines being duly levied with proclamations before the Queen’s juftices of her common pleas at Weftminfler be or ought to be.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for the tranjlating of the bible and the divine fervice into the Welfti tongue.

WHEREAS the Queen’s moji excellent mjefly, like a mojl godly and virtuous Princefs, having chief refpeft qnd regard to the honour and glory of God, and the fouls health of her fubjffts, did in the firfl year of her reign, by the authority of her high court of parliament, chiefly for that purpofe called, fe{ forth P book of common prayer and order of the adminiflration of facraments in the vulgar Englifh tongue, to be ufed through all her realm of England^J^aJes and the marches of the fame. that thereby her Highnefs loving fubjefts underjlanding in their own language the terrible and fearful threatnings rehearfed in the book of God againfi the wicked and ma-lefaftors, the pleafant and infallible promifes made to the cleft and cmfen flock, with a jufl order to rule and guide their lives according to the commandments of God, might much better learn to love and fear God, to ferve and obey their Prince, and to know their duties towards their neighbours; vfh\ch book being received as a mojl precious jeiyel with an infpealable joy of all fuch her fubjefts as did and da underjland the Englifh tongue, the which tongue is not under-Jlanded of the mojl and great ejl number of all her Jpfajefly’s mojl loving and obedient' fubjefts inhabiting within her Highnefs dominion and country of Wales, being no [mm part of this realm, who therefore are utterly deflituted of Gw's Holy Word, and d& remain in the like or rather mare darknefs and ignorance than they were in the time of papiflry: be it therefore enadfed by the Qpeen our (bvereign lady, the lords fpirifiial and temporal, and the commons, \a this prefent parliament aflembled, and hy the authprfty of tfie fame. That the. bifhops of Hereford, Sspnt Pqyi$s^ Jjaph, Bangor and

2	'	* .l>Wfaff%

j564.] Anna quinto Elizabeth*, c.i#,	2*7

Landajfy and their fucceflbrs, (hall take fuch order amongft The bible and themfelves for the fouls health of the flocks committed to their bo°k 0^ charge within Walesy That the whole bible containing the new S^e^ranflat-teftament and the old, with the book of common prayer and ed into the adminiftration of the facraments, as is now ufed within this Wellh tongufr realm in Englijh^ to be truly and cxa&ly translated into the Britijh or Weljh tongue; (2) and that the Same fo translated, being by them viewed, perufed and. allowed, be imprinted to fuch number at the lead, that one of either fort may be had for every cathedral, collegiate and parilh church, and chapel t>f eafe, in fuch places and countries of every the faid diocefes where that tongue is commonly fpoken or ufed, before the fir'd day of Manky Anno Dom. one thoufand five hundred fixty-fix.

(3) and that from that day forth, the whole divine fervice (hall be ufed and faid by the curates and minifters throughout all the faid diocefes where the Weljb tongue is commonly ufed, in the laid Britijh or Weljh tongue, in fuch manner and form as is now .	)

ufed in the Englijh tongue, and differing nothing in any order or form from the Englijh book: (4) for the which books fo imprinted, the pariftuoners of every of the faid parifhes (hall pay the one half or moiety, and the parfon and vicar of every of the faid parities (where both be) or e)fe the one of - them* where there is but one, ftwllpay the other halfor moiety: (5) the prices of which books (hall be appointed and rated by the fa0 bifhops and their fucceffors, or by three of them at the leaft, (6) the which things if the faid bimopp or their fucceffors negleft to do, .Then every one of them (hall forfeit to the Queen’s majeffy,. her heirs and fucceflbrs, the fum of forty pounds, to be levied of their goods and chattels,

II.	Be it further ena&ed by the authority afore&id, That every xhinifter and cutate within the diocefes before laid, where the Weljh tongue is commonly ufed, (hall from the feaft of Whitfuntide next enfuing until the fore&id day of Marchy which fhall be in the year one thoufand five hundred fixty and fix, at all times of communion declare or read the cpiftle and gofpel of the day in the Weljh tongue, to his or their parifluoners in ' every of the faid churches and chapels; and alfo once every week at the leaft, (hall read or declare to their faid parifhioners in the faid churches the Lord’s prayer, the articles of the chriftian faith, the ten commandments, and the litany, as they are fet forth in (he Englijh tongue, in the faid Weljb tongue, with fuch other part of the common prayer and divine fervice as (hall be appointed by the biihop of the diocefs for the time being.

III.	And one book containing the bihle, and one other book A bible and of common prayer, in the Englijh tongue, (hall be bought and ^oivpra^rft had in every church throughout Wales m which the bible and Enelifh fli .1 ‘ book of common prayer in Weljh is to be had by force of this be in every aft (if there be none already) before the firft day of Marchy church in which (hall he in the year of our Lord God one thoufand five Walc5, hundred fixty-fix; (2) and the lame books to remain in fuch convenient places within the faid churches, that fuch as underhand them may refort at all convenient times to read and penjfe

Q.2	the

22$	Anno	oftavo	Elizabeths,	c.i. [1565.

the fame;, and alfo fuch as do not underftand the faid language, may by confqring both tongues together, the fooner attain to the knowledge of the Englifb tongue; any thing in this adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXIX.

Taxes.	The	confirmation of a fubfidy of fix (hillings in the pound, granted to

the Queen by the clergy, to be paid m three years. EXP.

CAP. XXX.

A fubfidy and two fifteens granted to the Queen by the.temporality. EXP.

CAP. XXXI.

Pardon.	'The Queen’s general and free pardon confirmed by parliament, except, See.

Anno oSlavo Regina Elizabeths.

Cro. Jac. hi- AT the parliament by prorogation holden at Weftminfter jljL the laft day 0/September in the eighth year of the reign of our fovereign lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of Eng-; land, France and Ireland,	defender	of	the	faith, &c.

. And there continued until the diffolution of the fame: to the high pleafure of Almighty God, and weal-publick of this realm, amongjl other, were enabled as followetb.

CAP. I.

An aft declaring the making and confecrating of the arch-bijhops and bifhops of this realm to be goody lawful and perfeft.

Aftsmadefince T^ORASMUCH as divers quejiions* by overmuch boldnefs of confecrating ^ fpecch and talk amongft many of the common fort of people being inverting, See.' unlearned, hath lately grown upon the making and confecrating of arch-of any arch- bijhops and bijhops within this realm, whether the fame were and be . duly and orderly done according to the law or not, which is much tending to the (lander of all the fate of the clergy, being one of the great fates of this realm: (2) therefore for the avoiding offuch flanderous fpeech, and to the intent that every man that is willing to know the truth, may plainly underftand that the fame evil fpeech and talk is not bifhops were 8rounded. upon any juft matter or caufe, it is thought convenient here-duly and or- by partly to touch fuch authorities as do allow and approve the making derly done, and confecrating of the fame archbijhops and bifhops to be duly and orderly done, according to the laws of this realm, and thereupon further to provide for the more furety thereof as hereafter fhall be exprejfed.

II. Fifty it is very well known to all degrees of this realm, that the late King of moft famous memory, King Henry the Eighth, as well by all the clergy then of this realm in their feveral convocations, as alfo by all the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commonsy nffembled in divers of his parliament Sy was juftly and rightfully recognized and inow-ledged to have the fupreme power, jurifdiftiony order, rule and authority over all the eftate ecclefiafticdl of the fame, and the fame power,

...	.	jurif-

bifhop or bifhop, fhall be good. Dyer *34.

A queftion whether the making of

a6 H. 8. c. i.

I5*>5'1 Anno o£Uvo Elizabeths. c.r;	329

jurifdiftion and authority did ufe accordingly: (2) and that alfo the »5h. g.c.20. /aid late King, in the five and twentieth year of his reign, did by au-	<

tbority of parliament, amongfi other things, fet forth a certain order of the manner and form how archbijhops and bijhops, within this realm and other his dominions, Jhould be elected and made, as by the fame more plainly appeareth: (3) and that alfo the late King of worthy memory, King Edward the Sixths did lawfully fuccted the faid late King Henry his fath&, in the imperial crown of this realm, and did jufily pojfefs and enjoy all the fame power * jurifdiftion and authority beforev mention'd, as a thing to him defended with the fame imperial crown, and fo ufed the fame during his life: (4) and that alfo the faid late $ EcL 6. King Edward the Sixth, in his time by authority of parliament cauf- c- *• ed a godly and virtuous book, intituled. The book of common prayer, and adminiftration of facramcnts, and other rites and ceremonies in the church of England, to be made and fet forth, not only for one uniform order of fervicc, common prayer, and the adr miniflrdtion of facraments, to be ufed within all this realm and other his dominions, but alfo did add and put to the fame book a very goqd and godly order of the manner and form how archbijhops, bijhops, priefis, deacons and minifiers, Jhould from time to time be confecrated, made and ordered within this realm and other his dominions, at by the fame more plainly will and may appear: (5) and although in the time 1 of the late Jpueen Mary, as well the faid aft andJlatute made in the c* *• five and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, as alfo the feveral afts andflatutes made in the fecond, third, fourth, fifth and fixth years of the reign of the faid late King Edward, for the authorising and allowing of the Jaid book of common prayer, and other the premiffes, amongfi divers other afts andfiatutes touching the faid fupream authority, were repealed: yet neverthelefs, x el c. *. at the parliament bolden at Weftminfter /# the firjl year of the reign of our fovereign lady the Queen's majefiy that now is, by one other aft and Jlatute there made, all fuch jurifdiftions, privileges, fu-periorities and preheminences fpiritual and ecclefiafiical, as by any Spiritual or ecclefiafiicalpower or authority hath heretofore been, or may lawfully be ufed over the ecclefiafiical eft ate of this realm, and the orw der, reformation and correftion of the fame, is fully and^abfolutely by the authority of the fame parliament, united and annexed to the imperial crown of this realm: (6) and by the fame aft and Jlatute there is alfo given to the Queen's highnefs, her heirs and fucceJJ'orsy Kings and Queens of this realm, full power and authority, by letters patents under the great feal of England, from time to time to ajjign, name and authonfe fuch perfon or perfons as Jhe or they Jhatt think meet and convenient, to exercife, ufe, occupy and execute under her Highnefs, all manner of jurifdiftion, privileges, preheminences and authorities, in any wife touching or concerning any fpiritual or ecclefiafiical power or jurifdiftion within this realm, or any other her Highnefs dominions or countries: (7) and alfo by the fame aft and flatute, the faid aft made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, for the order and form of the elefting and making of the faid archbijhops and bijhops, together with divers otherflatutes touching the jurifdiftion over the fiate ecclcfeajlical, is revived and made

0.3	ft

ago	Anno	oftavo	Elizabethifi. c.r« [156$.

in full fora and effect, as by the fame afi and fiatute more plainly 1 El*c. 2*	appeareth: (&) ana that alfo by another afi and Jlatute made in the

find parTtament in the firjl year of the reign of our fend fivereign Lady, intituled, An a& for the uniformity of common pfryer* and ferviee in the church, and the adminiftratioo of facraments, the faid boob of common prayer, and the adminifiration offacraments, and other the faid orders, rtf# and ceremonies before-mentioned, and alt things therein contained, zw/A certain additions therein newly added and appointed by the faid eftatute, is fully efiaUifhed and authori-fid to be ufed in all places within this realm, and all other the Queen's majejhfs dominions and coun&ies; as by the find afi, amongfi other things, more plainly appeareth: (9} whereupon our faid foveretgn la* dy the SJueeifs mojl excellent maiefty, being mojt juflly and lawfully invejled in the imperial crown of this realm, with aft authorities, pre-heminences and dignities thereunto appertaining, and thereby having in her mayfly s order and difpofition all the faid yurtfdifiions, power and authorities over the fate ecctefeaftical and temporal, as well in caufes eedefiafikal as temporal, within this realm and other her Ma-fifty's dominions and countries, hath by her fttpream authority, at divers times fithence the beginning of her Mayfly's reign, cattfed divers and fundry grave and well learned men to be duly defied, made and confecrated archbifbops and hijhops of divers archbijhopricks and bifhop-ricks within this realm, and other her Majejifs dominions and conn-triely according to fitch order and form, and with fitch ceremonies in and about their confeerations, as were allowed and fit forth by the faid afis, Jlatutes and orders annexed to the faid book of common The Queen by grayer before-mentioned: (10) and further, for the avoiding of all her fupream ambiguities and qufHons that might be obyefied againfl the lawful caufed^vers tfonfirmations, tnvefitng^ and confeerations of the faid archbifbops and perfons to be	^r	Highnefs	in	her	letters	patents under the great feal of

cle&ed and England, directed to any artbbifhop, bifhop or others, for toe con-confecrated firming, invfling and confecrating of any per fin elected to the office or andhbi2ioPs dignity of any archbijhop or bifhop, hath not only ufed fitch words and an 1 ps. fintences as were acctflonted to be ufed by the faid late King Henry and King Edward, her Majefly's father and brother, in their like letters patents made for finch caufes, but alfo hath ufid and put in her Mayefly's faid tetters patents divers other general words and fententes, whereby her Highnefi, by her fupream power and authority, hath dif-^fpentation Penfid with all caufes or doubts of any imperfection or disability that of all doubts tan or may in any wife be obyefied againfl the fame, as by her Mayef-of imperfec- tfs faid letters patents remaining of record more plainly will appear: toons or difa- (u) fo that to all thofe that will well confider of the effefi and true hJlf LoiosCt" 'mteni °f *be find laws and fiatutes, and of the fupream and abfolute s 1 °ps‘	authority of the ghieen's highnefs,	and which fhe by her Mayejlys faid

letters patents haw ufed and put in are in and about the making and con-ficrattng of the faid archbifbops and bifhops, it is and may be very evident and apparent, that no caufe offcruple, ambiguity or doubt, can or mhy juftly be obyefied againfl the faid elections, confirmations or confer atkm's, cr any other material thing meet to be ufed or had in or about the fame; but that every thing requifite and material for that purpofe hath been made and done as precifely, and with as great a care and diligence.

1565,] Annao&avo Elizabeths, c.u	23*

gence, or rather more, as ever the like was done before her MajeJlfs time9 as the records of her Majejly's faid father and brother's time, and | alfo of her own time, will more plainly tejlify and declare:

III.	Wherefore for the plain declaration of all the premifles, A confirma-and to the intent that the fame may the better be known to every tion of thejia-of the Queen’s majefty’s fubjefts, whereby fuch evil fpeech as ^^touchinir heretofore hath been ufed againft the high ftate of prelacy may the'book ot hereafter ceafe, (2) be it now declared and enafted by the autho- common rity of this prefent parliament, That the faid aft and ftatute made prayer and m the firft year of the reign of our faid fovereign lady the Queen’s ^nof thefa-majefty, whereby the faid book of common prayer and the admi- cramenu. niftration of facraments, with other rites and ceremonies, is authorized and allowed to beufed, (hall (land and remain good and perfeft, to all refpefts and purpofes: ( 3) and that fuch order and form for A confirm a-the confecrating of archbilhops and bi(hops, and for the making tion ot the of priefts, deacons and minifters, as was fet forth in the rime of 6 Ed^c51 the faid late King Edward the Sixth, and added to the faid book touching the of common prayer, and authorized by parliament in the fifth and form of con-fixth years of the (aid late King, (hall (land and be in full force and fecratjng effeft, and (hall from henceforth be ufed and obferved in all pla- ^hbiihops* ces within this realm, and other the Queen’s majefty’s dominions and countries:

IV.	And that all aft$-and things heretofore had, made or done £J1 afts doife by any perfon or perfons in or about any confecration, confirma- c<mfe-tion or invefting of any perfon or perfons elefted to the office or cration or indignity of any archbifhop or bifhop within this realm, or within veiling any any other the Queen's majefty’s dominions or countries, by vir- perfon elected tue of the Queen’s majefty’s letters patents or commiffion fitnence the beginningof her Majefty’s reign, be and (hall be by authority of Queen's letters this prefent parliament declared, judged and deemed at and from e- patents very of the feveral rimes of the doing thereof, good and perfeft fithence the to all refpefts and purpofes; any matter or thing that can or may be objefted to the contrary thereof in* any wife notwithftanding.

V* And that all perfons that have been or (hall be made, or- All perfons dered or confecrated archbifhops, bifhops, priefts, minifters of made and to God’s holy word and facraments, or deacons, after the form and be made . order prefcribed in the faid order and form how archbifliops,	^s§

bifhops, priefts, deacons and minifters (hould be confecrated, according to’ made and ordered, be in very deed, and alfo by authority here- the flat, of 5 of declared and enafted to be, and lhall be archbifliops, bifhops, & 6 Ed. 6, c. 1. priefts, minifters and deacons, and rightly made, ordered and confecrated; any ftatute, law, canon or other thing to the con- ™ag#c‘ 39 ' trary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided always and neverthelefs be it enafted by the an- No perfon (hall thority aforefaid, That noperfon or perfons (hall at any time here- 1JJJJeachcd after be impeached or molefted, in body, lands, livings or goods, certificate by occafion or mean of any certificate by any archbilhopor hi- of any bifhop fhop heretofore made, or before the laft day of this prefent fefllon heretofore of parliament to be made, by virtue of any aft made in the firft ^oath of fedion of this prefent parliament, touching or concerning the re- fupremacy fufal of the oath declared and fet forth by aft of parliament in made iEI.c.i,

0,4	the

Anno o$avo Elizabeth®. c.2«	[1565.

tlifc firft year of the reign of our faid fovereign lady Queen Eli* %abeth\ any thing in this adt, or any other adt or ftatute heretofore made to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII. And that all tenders of the faid oath, made by any arch-bifhop or bifhop aforefaid, or before the laft day of this prefent feflion to be made by authority of any a<$ eftablifhed in the firft feflion of this prefent parliament, and all refufals of the fame oath fo tendred, or before the laft day of this prefent feflion to be ten-dred, by any archbiihop or biihop, by authority of any adfc efta-bliflied in the firft feflion of this prefent parliament, (hall be void and of none $ffedt or validity in the law.

CAP. II.

The defendant (hall recover coft$ and damages where the plaintiff doth delay or difcontinue his fuit, or is nonfuit, &c.

1 Roll. 37;. The inconvenience of purfuing of fuits upon inalice without ju$ cauie.

An all for the avoiding of wrongful vexation touching the writ of Latitat.

WHere divers perfom of their malicious minds, and without any juft caufe, do many times caufe and procure others of the §)ueetCs majefty s loving jubjefts, to be very much mole fled and troubled by attachments and arretts made of their bodies, as well by procefs ^latitat, alias and pluries capias, Jued out of the court commonly called the King's bench', as alfo by plaint, bill or other fuit in the court commonly called the Marjhalfea, and within the city of London, and other cities, towns corporate, and places where any liberty or privilege is to hold pleas of debt, trefpafs, and other perfonal aftions and fuits: (2) and when the parties that be arrefted or attached are brought forth to anfwer to fuch aftions and fuits as Jhould be objefted againft them, then many ' times there is no declaration or matter laid againft the parties fo arretted or attached, whereunto they may make any anfwer; (3) and fo the party arrefted is very malicioufly put to great charges and expences, without any juft or reafonable caufe: and yet neverthelefs, hitherto, by order of the law, the party fo grieved and vexed could never have any cofts or damages to him to be judged or awarded for the faid unjuft vexation and tremble:

II.	For remedy whereof, Be it enadted and ordained by the authority of this prefent parliament, That when and as often as any perfon and perfons, after the firft day of January next coming fhall fue forth, or by any means caufe or procure to be fued forth, of the faid court commonly called the King’s bench, any of the writs'or procefs before mentioned, againft any perfon or perfons which upon the fame writ or writs fhall happen to be arrefted, or which fhall appear upon the return of any of the faid writs or procefs, (2) and lhall putin his or their bailor bails to anfwer fuch fuit as (ball be objedted againft him, according to. the common order of the court; (3) that then in every fuch cafe, Cofts,damages if the party or parties at whofe fuit, means or procurement, the ft1 U beawar ^ame writ, writs or procefs was obtained or fued forth, do not with-de^wberertie m three days next a^ter fu°hhailhadan<*taken,Putintothefame plaintiff doth court his or their declaration againft the fame party or parties a-delay his fuit, gainfl whom fuch writs or procefs hath been or (hall be fued; (4) doth diicon- or jf after declaration had and put into the fame court, the plain-nmX'hri^tbc tiff m fuch cafe fhall not profecute the fame with effedt, but fhall King's bench, willingly and apparently to the fame court fuffer his or their faid ” *. c. 15. fuit to be delayed; (5) or fhall after declaration fo had, fuffer the

fam e

15^5*3 Anno oftavo Elizabeth^. c,2.	233

fame fuit to be difcontinued, pr otherwife fhall be nonfuit in the 4 Jac. 1. c. 3, fame; (6) that then in every fuch cafe, the judges of the faid £ro ^ 69-court for the time being (hall by their difcretions from time to Cro,Jac'IU* time, as they (hall fee or perceive any fuch default to be in the party or parties at whofe fuit, means or procurement fuch writs pr procefs was fued forth, award and judge to every fuch perfon and perfons fo arrefted, vexed, moleftedor troubled by fuch writs pr fuit, his and their cofts, damages and charges by any means fuftained by occafion of any fuch writs, prpcefs, arrefts or fuits, taken, fued pr had againft him, to be paid by fuch perfon or perfons that fo doth or (hall caufe or procure any fuch writs or procefs to be fued forth, as is aforefaid.

Ill,	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That A remedy if if any perfon or perfons (hall after the faid firft day of January *he plaintiff caufe or procure any other perfon or perfons to be attached or 5°	*	f.

/\ir r	*	,	r • •	r. . continue, or is

arretted tp anfwer to any bill, plaint, action or fuit, in the faid nonfuit in the court of the marfhalfea, or in any court within the faid city of marihalfea, London, or in any city, borough, town corporate or other place or any cltY or or places, where any liberty or privilege is ufed to hold plea ir\ corp0r any adtiorj or actions perfonal, and do not, in all courts having their continuance de die in diem, within three days next after fuch time as the party defendant or defendants (hall be bailed, or otherwife appear in court, by force of any arreft or attachment had and returned, and in all other courts, at the next feflions pr court to be holden after fuch arrefts or attachments, and appearance of the party defendant or defendants, whereas the faid party defendant or defendants (hall be compelled or ought to appear, (unlefs a further day (hall be fpecially given by the difcre-tion of the court from whence any precept, procefs or attachment fhall be awarded) put and exhibit his bill or declaration againft fuch perfon or perfons, as fo by his fuit or means (hall be attach-? ed or arrefted, into fuch court where the party by fuch attache ment or arreft is compelled or ought to appear: (2) or if any fuch perfon or perfons, at whofe fuit and means any fuch attachment or arreft of any perfon or perfons (hall be fo had and made, after his declaration, bill or plaint exhibited, do not fromthenceforth profecute the fame his fuit with effetft, or (hall fuffer the fame to be difcontinued, or (hall after be nonfuit in th,e fame, or -willingly and apparently to the fame court, (hall for vexation of the defendant in fuch fuit delay the fame fuit: (3) that then in every fuch cafe the judge or judges of every fuch court before whom any perfon or perfons (hall be fo fued, molefted or troubled by occafion or mean of fuch attachment or arreft, or by fuch fuit or fuits, (hall forthwith by his or their difcretion, from time to time, as he or they fhall fee or perceive any fuch default ordelay in the party that caufed or procured any fuch attachment or arreft to be had, award and judge to every fuch perfon or perfons, which after the faid firft day of January (hall be fo attached, arrefted, molefted, vexed or troubled, his cofts, damages and charges, by any means fuftained by occafion of any fuch.attachment, arreft or fuit, fo had and taken againft him, to be paid by fuch perfon or per-

Anno o&slvo Elizabeth*;, c.j. [*565.

fons that fo doth or (hall caufe or procure any fuch attachment or arreft to be fo had or made.

'The penalty ' IV. And if any perfon or perfons at any time after the laid firft for arreftmg izy of January (hall by any way or mean, maliciously, or for vexati-tt the Sit of on and trouble, caufe or procure any other perfon or perfons to be ar-another not refted, or attached to anfwer in any the courts or places aforefaid, knowing it the fuit or in the name of any perfon or perfons, where indeed thereof. Cro. there is no fuch perfon or perfons known, or without the a&nt, 166.*	confent	or	agreement	of	Inch	perfon	or	pylons,	at	whofe	fuit	or

in whofe name fuch arreft or attachment is or (hall be fo had and procured; that then every fuch perfon and perfons, that (hall fo caufe or procure any fuch arreft or attachment of any other per-fen or perfons to be had or made for vexation or trouble, as is aforefaid, and (hall thereof be convifted or lawfully accufed by indiftment, prefentment, or by the teftimony of two fufficient witnefles or more, or other due proof, (hall for every fuch offence by him or them committed, done or procured, have and (ufter imprifonment of his or their body or bodies by the fpace of fix months without bail or maihprife: (2) and before he or they (hall be delivered out of prifon, (flail pay unto the party or parties fo arrefted or attached by his or their means or procurement, treble the cofts, charges, damages and expences that he or they (hall be put unto by reafon or occafion of fuch arreft or attachment fo had; (3) and (hall alfo forfeit and pay unto fuch perfon or perfons, in whofe name or at whofe fuit he or they, (hall fo procure fuch arreft or attachment to be had of made, if then there (hall be any fuch perfon known, the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence.

A remedy to V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That recover the every perfon and perfons to whom any cofts, charges, damages, mzatwd f°rfeiture or payment of any fum or funis of money by authority *1. ar - of this aft (hall be awarded, judged or forfeited, (hall and may at all times hereafter have his or their remedy for the recovery thereof, by aftion of debt, bilt or plaint, in any court of record againft fuch perfon or perfons, their heirs, executors or admi-niftrators, as (hould or ought to pay the fame by virtue or force of this aft;vin which aftion, bill or plaint, no efibin, protection or waeer of law (hall be admitted or allowed to any the defendant or defendants in the fame.

CAP. III.

An ad againft carrying over fea% ram, lambs or fheep alive. Penalty for "POR fundry good caufes and confutations moved in this conveying of X1 high court ofparliament, be it enafted by the authority of the any (heep alive fame. That no manner of perfon or perfons, of what eftate, de-out ot this	gj.ce or condition foever he or they be, (hall after the laft day of

VTnfh 104.	rebrtkiry next enfuing, bring, deliver, fend, receive or take, or

procure to be brought, delivered, Cent qrreccived, into any ihip er bottom, any rams, (heep or Iambs or any manner of other kind of fheep, being alive, to be carried and conveyed out of this realm of England, fVales or Ireland, or out of any the Queen's highnefs dominions; (2) upon the pain that evety fuch perfon or perfons, their aiders, abettors, procurers and comforters, (hall

for

235

1565.] Anno o&avo Elizabeth*, c.4;

For his or their firft offence or offences, fo done contraiy to the true meaning of this cftatute, forfeit and lofe all his goods for ever; whereof the one moiety (hall be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffbrs, the other moiety to him or them that will foe for the fame in any court of record, wherein no effoin, prote&ion nor wager of law for the defendant ihall be admitted or allowed.

II.	And further, every fuch offender or offenders (hall fuffer jlnll. 46. imprisonment by the fjpace of one Whole year, without bail and mainprife, and at the year’s end ihall in fotne open market-town,

in the fulnefs of the market on the market-day, have his left-hand cut off, and that to be nailed up in the opened place of Thc fccomj fuch market: (x) and that every perfon or perfbns eftfoons of- oflfence felony, fending againft this ftatute (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony.

III.	Provided always, That this a<3t (hall not extend to any No corruption corruption of Mood, or be prejudicial or hurtful to any woman ^9°^ or{ claiming dower by or from any foch offender or offenders; any ^Wgrarc o thing in this a& to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afordaid, That What juftices the juftices of oyer and terminer, juftices of gaol-delivery, and may hcar and juftices of peacp in every county and (hire within this realm tffftefrmn®r^ of England and Wales? and other the Queen's majefty’s domini- fold?06* otis, fliall have foil power and authority by virtue of this a<5t, to enquire of every offender and offenders contrary to the form and* effe&.of this a!ft, and to hear and determine every offence and offences committed, perpetrated and done contrary to the form

and effeft of the fame, according to the courfe of the laws of this realm. 3 H. 6. c. 2i

CAP. IV.

An all to take away the benefit of clergy from certain offenders

for felony.

W3ere a certain Uni of evil-difpojed perfons? commonly called Cut-purfes or pick-purfes? but indeed by the laws of this land? very felons and thieves, do confeder together, making among themfelves as it were a brotherhood or fraternity of an art or myjlery? to live idly by the fecret fpoil of the good and true Jubjeftsof this realm; (2) and as well The impudent at fermons and preachings of the word of God? and in places and time ^fboldnewofcut-doing fcrvice and common prayer in churches? chapels? clofetsand orato- E^k-purfes. vies, and not only there? but alfo in the Prince's palace? houje? yea andpre- p	p

fence? and at the places and courts ofjuAice?and at the times of minijlra-tion of the laws in the fame? and in fairs? markets and other affemblies of the people? yea and at the time of doing of execution of fuch as been attainted of arty murder? felony or other criminal caufe, ordained chiefly for terror and example ofevil-doers?. do without refpeft or regard of any time, place or perfort? or of any fear or dread of God? or any law or pu-nijhnunt, Under the cloak of hone fly by their outward apparel? countenance and behaviour? Jubtilfy? privily? craftily and fehmioujly take the goods of divers good and honejl fetbjetts from their perfons? by cutting and picking their purfes and other felonious Jleights and devices, to the utter undoing and impoverijhing of many:

Jtl. Be it therefore enadted by the authority of this prefent He that taketh

par- away privily

money or goods, (hall not have his clergy, See. s Roll. 154.

Where one {hall be ar-

236	Aano	o&avo	Elizabeths,	c.5.	['*565*

from the per- parliament. That no perfon or perfons which Tierdafter (hall • thCr ^aPPen to indi&ed or appealed for felonious taking of any tnrtnov nr money, goods or chattels from the perfon of any other,’ privily without his knowledge, in any place whatfoever, and thereupon found guilty by verdidfc of twelve men, or fhall confeis the fame upon his or their arraignment, or will not anfwer diredUy to the lame according to the laws of this realm, or (hall ftand wilfully or of malice or obftinately mute, or challenge peremptorily above the number of twenty, or fhall be upon tuch indictment or appeal outlawed, fhall from henceforth be admitted to have the benefit of his or their clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof, and fhall fuffer death in fuch manner and form as they ihould if they were no clerks.

III.	And alfo whereas divers perfons do oft-times commit and do divers and fundry detejlable murders, heinous robberies and felonies

former o?~ * ^ iaP1^ offences, for the which clergy is not allowable by the fence, having Jtnos and'ftatutes of this realm, and after the fame offences fo done his clergy for either fly out of the county or other parts of this realm into the parts a latter. beyond the feas, or leep themfelves fecret in other places where they ac Ed%Cftat are not ^nown for a &reat tlme^an^ after happen to commit fome other, !5 c. s!*	*felony for the which they may have their clergy,	and being arraigned

Poph. 107. for the fame have their clergy to them allowed, and thereupon committed to tie cujlody of the ordinary according to the law and cufiom of this realm, the former offence wherein clergy is not grantable being not then known; (2) and fo by that means cannot after be impeached for the faid other horrible and great offences by the law and cufiom of this realm, to the great encouraging of offenders ufing fuch practices of foreknowledge and fet purpofe, for their difeharge of the fame:

IV.	For reformation whereof, Be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon or perfons which fhall hereafter upon his and their arraignment for any felony be admitted to the benefit of his clergy by the laws of this realm, and delivered to the ordinary for the fame, and fhall make bis due purgation for the lame offence or offences whereupon he was fo admitted to his clergy, and fhall before the fame admiffion to his clergy have committed any other fuch offence whereupon clergy by the laws or ftatutes of this realm is not allowable, and not being thereof before indidled and acquitted, convidted pr attainted, or pardoned, fhall and may be indidted or appealed for the fame, and thereupon put to anfwer, and ordered and ufed in all things according to the laws and ftatutes of this realm, in fuch like manner and form as though no fuch admiffion of clergy had been ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwith-

ftanding.

CAP. V.

For the avoiding of tedious fuits in civil and marine caufes.

FOR the avoiding as well of long and tedious fuits, as alfo of great charges and expences in profecuting of civil and marine caufesy civil and ma- by rcafon of divers appeals permitted to be made by order of the laws dSegatesaD-	caufes>	an&t0 intent that as well firangersy as alfo

s	others

A fentence definitive in a

i565.] Anno oftavo Elizabeth-®, c.6.	237

ethers the fubjefts of this realm, that /hall have caufe of fuit in thofi pointed by matterS) may have fucb expedition in the fame as their natures and qualities do require, Be it ena&ed by the Queen’s majefty our fo- , rqh# joo/ vereign lady, the lord’s (piritual and temporal, and the com- 4.10ft. 135. mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from the laft day of this prefent feflion of parliament, all and every fuch judgment and fentence definitive, as (hall be given or pronounced in any civil and marine caufe, upon appeal lawfully to be made therein to the Queen’s majefty in her Highnefs court of chancery, by fuch commifFio-ners or delegates as (hall be nominated and appointed by her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, by commiflion under the half feal, as it hath been heretofore ufea in fuch cafes, (hall be final, and no further appeal to be had or .made from the faid judgment or fentence definitive, or from the faid commifiioners or delegates for or in the fame; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. VI.

An all touching cloth-workers, and clothes ready wrought to be Jhipped over fea.

FOR the better employment and relief of great multitudes NoKentiflinor of the Queen’s fubjedts, ufing the art and labour of cloth- Suffolk clothes working. It may pleafe the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, at ^1 betraitf-the moft humble fuits of her faid fubjecfts, that it be enadled 5 S?ought”and II. And be it enadted by authority of this prefent parliament* for eveiy nine That from henceforth for every nine clothes unwrought, here- clothe* ua-after to be (hipped or carried into any the parts beyond the feas, wr®“ght. Contrary to the form of any ftatute heretofore made and now rt£	1licence,

maining in ftrength, by force of any licence hereafter to pie cloth (ball granted, the party that mall (hip and carry over the fame, (hall be wrought of (hip and carry over alfo one like woolen cloth of like fort, J*ke f?rt* length, breadth and goodnefs, ready wrought and drefled; that ^fdth and is to fay, rowed, barbed, firft courfed and (horn from the one gojdnefs. end to the other, fo that every tenth cloth palling over the (eas 7 Ed. 4. c. 3. in form aforefaid, may and (hall be drefled within this realm, 1^ 7- c. j*. before the fame (hall be (hipped or tranfported over, (2) upon |	10*

pain to forfeit for every fuch nine clothes fo to be (hipped or 33 ’	9'

tranfported contrary to the meaning of this aft, ten pounds.

III. Provided always, That every fuch tenth cloth fo to be The tenth tranfported ready wrought, (hall not be accounted any of the ^fochided'ia clothes permitted to be tranfported by force of fuch licence, rhe Ucence. * but that fuch perfon as (hall have fuch licence may tranfport according to fuch licence the full number of clothes unwrought mentioned in the fame licence, over and above the number of fuch tenth clothes which they (hall be compelled to (hip and carry over by force of this ftatute.

IV.	And bfe it further enabled by authority aforefaid, That Kentifli or from the laft day of February now next coming, no perfon (hall Suffolk cloth (hip or carry into the parts beyond the feas, contrary to the ^llfported form of any ftatute heretofore made, now remaining in force, amvroughtby

/	any	any licence.

238	Anno	o&avo	Elizabeth*,	c.7.	[1565.

any cloth commonly called Kentijh cloth or Suffolk cloth, made or to be made in the counties of Kent or Suffolk, unwrought and undrefied within this realm ; that is to fay, not rowed, barbed, firft courfed and (horn; (2) upon pain to forfeit for every fuch cloth, commonly called Kentijh or Suffolk cloth, made or to be made in either of the faid counties fo to be (hipped or tranfport-ed contrary to the form of this ftatute, forty millings.

V.	And that no licence for tranfporting or any cloth or clothes fhall be conftrued or expounded to extend to any fuch Kentijh or Suffolk cloth, made or to be made in either of me faid counties to be from henceforth tranfported.

Who fhall VI. And that all the forfeitures appointed by this ftatute for have the for- tranfporting of clothes (hall be the one moiety to the Queen's ma-what mcansby ber ^rs an<* facceflbrs, and the other moiety to the mafter and wardens of the faid company of cloth-workers, to the relief of the poor of the faid company, to be recovered in any court of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efloin, prote&ion or wager of law for the io An. c. 16. defendant (hall be admitted of allowed*

CAP. VIL

An aft touching drapers, cot toners andfrizers tf/SJirewfbury.

Who may ufe TTORASMUCH as in the town of Shrew(bury in the county of the trade or X1 Salop there hath been time out of mind of man, and yet is, a drapfirehT °* company, fraternity or guild of the art and myjlery of drapers, which Shrewsbury, company, fraternity or guild, bath been by a great time lawfully or the liber- incorporated and made a body politick: (2) which faid corporation and ties thereof, fraternity hath by reafon of a certain trade and occupation of buying mat benefit an^ gfWcMh cloth and hning, commonly called cottons, frizes the fame com- and Plains, which they have had and ufed amongjl them, been able not pany have re- Inly to live thereby, but alfo have at their common cods provided boufes ceived and qnd other necejfaries for poor people within the fata town of Shrewf-b° bVin * a^	whom alfo with further relief they do weekly help and main-

felling o^*11 ta*n: (3) 4*d by the fame their trade aforefaid have ufed mod com-WeUh doth monly to fet an work above fix hundred perfons of the art or Jcience of and lining. Jheermen or frizers, within the faid town of Shrewfbury, whereby as well they„ as their poor wives and families, are wholly maintained Theincjonve- and kept: (4) to the impeachment and hindrance of which faid trade unlkilfel^er divers artificers, and other perfons within the faid town of Shrewf-fons do, that buiy> not being of the faid company or myjlery, nor brought up in the deal in a trade ufe of the faid trade, have of late with great dijorder, upon a meer whereof they covetous defire and mind, intromitted with and occupied the faid trade are ignorant. ^ buying Welfh cloth or lining, having no knowledge, experience or Jkill in the J'ame\ by reafon whereof the feud ignorant and unjkilful perfons have and do buy commonly and daily fuch Wcl(h cloth and linings as is defective, and not truly made according to the good laws and Jlarutes of this realm in that behalf provided: (5) by means whereof the faid trade is greatly decayed and diferedited, to the great lofs arid hindrance of fuch poor Jheermen and frizers as were wont to be fet on work thereby, and of all others that were wont to be main*

. Mined and. relieved by the faid trade, as well in making as working

of

*39

1565.] Anno o&tvo Elizabeths, c.7.

of the fad frizes, rtfft/u <a»d	plains, and to the great deceit, damage

and hindrance of all the	Queerfs majeflys	fubj that buy and provide

the fame,and to the dander and dtfcredit of the faid commodities in

foreign parts, where by the occafm aforefaid they are grown out of

efiimation and credit,

II.	And where moreover .in the parliament holden at Weftminfter The good in-in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of our late fivereign lord and

lady King Philip andShteen Mary, upon good and deliberate advice, amongfi other things it was enabled, That no perfon or perfins which c. 5.' fbould buy to fill again, by way of retail or otherwife, any of the faid WeKh linings, fbould	drefs or work, or caufi to be	and wrought

within his or their dwelling houfi or houfis, or in any other place by' himfilf or his fervant, any of the faidWz\(h linings, but fbould put the fame to fome fuch perfon or perfins as fbould be of the art or fci-ence of fitertntn, cottoners	orfrizert, to be by them and

dreffed, upon pain offorfeiture for	everyWellh cloth or lining frisced

or cottoned to the contrary, fix fhilling and eightpence, as in the fame ail doth appear: {%) fithenee which time divers perfins for the By what frau-defraudingof the faid Jlatute have caufed others to buy thefaid frizes, dulent mean* cottons and plains,and then to take the workmanfbip thereofunto	-tenurfthefaid

felves of fuch buyers,	ufingthe like fraud by buying	and turning work ftatute is de-

ever unto the fame perfins of whfm they receive work, to the feated. j fejldefrauding of the good intent and meaning of the faid Jlatute:

III.	For remedy whereof, and for the benefit and relief of the No perfon in-poor men that be (hcermen and frizers, (2) be it ensiled by the c?bltinfin authority of this prpfent parliament, That from and after the ^

feaft of fiafler next enfuing no manner of perfon or perfons the trade of * whatfpever, inhabiting and dwelling within the faid town of buying of Shrewfhury, or the liberties and franchifes of the faid town, other WeUh cot-than fiich a* have or (hall have, ferved as apprentices in the faid	b‘e““ee

Occupation and fcienpe pf drapers, or be or lhall be free of the thereof, faid fcience or myftery, (hall occupy, ufe, exercife or frequent Repeated by the faid trade, art, myftery or fcience of buying of the faid Welfh H c- **» cloth or lining, cottons, frizes and plains,. nor have any fa&or or dper for him or them in the fame,, nor by any colour, engine or fraud, be any occupier pf the (aid frizes,, cottons and plains, (3) upon pain that every per Ion and perfons inhabiting as is aforefaid, and occupying, ufii\g or e^ercifing tjie faid trade, occupation or fcience of buying of Welfh cloth and lining, and not authorifed by this prefent adf, lhall lofe and forfeit for every piece of the dupe clothes fp bought, fix (hillings and rightrpence.

IV.	And over that* bp it. further enacted. That no perfon He that oecto dwelling and inhabiting a§ is aforefaid,, and ufing and occupying pi<*h the

the faid trade of buying of frizes, cottons or plains, (hall ufe or trade of huy-. exercife the faculty of frizing or cottoning, upon pain to incur “ftons!&c!'' fuph like forfeitures fpr every offence, as is above-mentioned : thall not exer-(2} the moiety of all which pains and forfeitures, above-men- ci*e the facuT-tioned (hall be to pur fovefeign lady tb* Queen, her heirs and ot trij:.,n£ fucccffors, and the other moiety to fuph perfon and perfons as orcottawn&* will fue for the fame, in any court of record, by addon, bill or

... plaint 1

1

240

Anno o&avo Elizabeths, c.8.

[‘5^5-

Occupiers of the trade of buying and

plaint of debt; wherein no protection, eflbin, injunction oi* wager of law (hall be allowed and admitted.

A provifo for V. Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho-them that did rity aforefaid. That this prefent aCt, or any thing, Sentence or before occupy matter therein contained, (hall not extend or be in any wife prebuy	judicial or hurtful to any fucli perfon or perfons as have hereto-

Welfli cloth. f°re ufed, occupied or frequented the faid trade, art, myftery or fcience of buying or felling of Wei ft) clothes or linings aforefaid, but that every fuch perfon or perfons which hath or have ufed the faid trade or fcience as is aforefaid, (hall and may have and enjoy the like benefit, commodity and advantage, as well in buying and felling the faid JVelJh clothes and linings as other-wife, in as large, free and ample manner and form, as if this aft had never been made.

VI.	And further, to the intent the faid poor (heermen, fri-zers and cottoners, may be the better relieved and maintained, —jr— z> —-	(2) be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every

perfon an<j perfons occupying and ufing, or which hereafter at to^hei/fhee/ any (hall occupy or ufe, the faid trade, fcience or art of men ready	buying and felling or Weljb cloth and linings aforefaid, and (hall

money*	from the feaft of Eafter next enfuing deliver any Weljh cloxh or

linings aforefaid to be cottoned, frized, dreffed or wrought, to any (heerman, cottoner or frizer, (hall deliver, content and pay to the faid (hieerman, cottoner ot frizer, ready and prefent money for all his faid work, without any colour, fraud or engine whatfoever, and (hall not deliver -any ware or other thing what-foever in contentation or fatisfaftion of his faid work or any part thereof; (3) upon pain that every perfon offending in this behalf (hall forthwith lofe all fuch liberties, freedoms and privileges, which he hath or (hall have as one of the faid company, fraternity or guild of the faid art and myftery of drapers, and alfo (hall for ever after be utterly difabled and excluded to ufe, occupy or enjoy, by himfelf or by any other for him, or to his ufe, the faid .trade, art, myftery or fcience of buying or felling of Weljb clothes or linings; this aft, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithftandiug.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for the repeal of a branch of a flatute made anno 32 H. 8* touching the future of horfes.

The ftatute of T X 7 HERE at a parliament holden at Weftminfter the two and 3* H*. 8. c. is* VV thirtieth year of the reign of the moft viftorious prince of fa-tbe^e^lnof mous memory> King Henry the Eighth, moft dear father unto the horfes Ceding Queen's moft excellent highnefs, our fovereign Lady that now is, a-upon the 6 tnofigfl other things it was ordained, eflablijhed and enafted by the faid roanfh	}ate King, with the ajfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

the counties	°f fame Parliament ajfembled, for the increafe and

of Hunting- breed of greater andjlronger horfes from thence after to be had with-ton. Cam- in this realm of England* That no commoner or commoners within bridge, Lin- any for eft, chafe, moor, marijh, heath, common or xvafte ground, nor -^what height any °$cer or °Jficer$ °f or within any of the faid forefs or chafes,

nor

Annoro&avo Elizabeths, c.8.	241

nor any other perfon or perfons wbatfoevet he or ttyy be> at any time the horfes after the laji day of March, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord ^ji bftheJ*C God one thoufand five hwidred and forty-three then next following the	„

feffion of the famerJhoUld have or put to pafiure into or upon any Juch ground, firefly chafe, moor9 marijh9 heath 9 common or wafie ground* any fioned horfe or horfes being above the age of two years, and not being of the altitude and height of fifteen handful) to be mea-fared from the lowejl part of the hoof unto the higher part of the wither) and every handful to contain four inches of the ftandard9 to pafiure, feed or to be nouri/hed in or upon any of the faid forefis, chafes ^ commons, moors9 mariJhes 9 heaths or wafiegrounds, within any of the Jhires and territories of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Buckingham, Huntington, Eflex, Kent, Southampton, North-wilfhire, Oxford, Bark, Worcefter, Glouceftcr, Somerfet, North-Wales, South-Wales, Bedford, Warwick, Northampton, York-fliire, Chelhire, Stafford, the county of the city of York, the town and liberties of Glouceftef, the county of the town of Kingfton upon ' Hull, tlse county palatine of Lancafter, the county of Salop, Lei-cefter, Hereford and Lincoln, or within any of them $ (2) nor Jhall put to feed or pafiure any fioned horfe or horfes, being above the faid age of two years, and not being in height of fourteen handful to be . meafured as is abovefaid9 within or upon any like ground or grounds as hath been above-written, lying or being within any other Jhire of this realm, neither yet any of them* (3) upon pain of forfeiture and lofs of the faid horfe or horfes which Jhould be found in or upon any fuch ground, firefi, chafe, moor, marijh, heath, common or wafie grounds, at any time after the faid lafi day of March, which was in the year of our Lord God one thoufand five hundred and forty-three, contrary to theform of the faid late efiatute, and further as by the faid efiatute more fully and at large may appear: (4) by reafon whereof The inconre-and fence which time, divers and fundry great and manifold hurts, niencies which hindrances and Ioffes have happened and chanced as well to the inha- enfu®fJ? bitants of the moors, mariJhes and fenn-grounds within, the ifie <f b^the ftatutc Ely, fituate, lying and being in the faid county ^Cambridge, as of 3*h. 8. alfo to the inhabitants of other the moors, mariJhes and fenn-grounds c. 13. within the faid Jhire, together with the counties of Huntington, Northampton, Lincoln, Norfolk and Suffolk, next adjoining and bordering upon the fame ifie: for that the faid moors, marijbes and fenn-grounds, becaufe of the rottetmefS) unfiritmefs, moifiure and wa-terijhnefs, were never able ne yet are to breed, bear or bring forth fuch great breed of fioned horfes, offuch bignefs and high fiature as within the aforejatd fiatute arc exprejfed, without danger and peril of themireing, drowning and perijhing of the fame : (5) whereupon many promoters taking occafion by reafon of the aforefaid efiatute, have as weU entred into the faid ifie, as alfo other the moors, mariJhes and fenn-grounds, in all the country next bordering and adjoining unto the fame, and taken away by virtue and purvey of the faid efiatute from divers poor men, not being able otberwife to remedy the fame, their horfe, not being comparable of like fiature to thefaid efiatute, as well to the great lofs and hindrance of all the breed of horfes there, no man daring to put any fuch firth on the faid grounds, fir fear of fuch per-V oir» VI#	R	fins-.

A repeal of to much of the ftatutes of 32 H. 8. c. 13* as doth concern certain counties and places.

Of what height horfes (hall be that feed upon the commons in the ifle of Ely, &c.

So much of the ftatute of *3 H. 8. c. 4. ns concerneth the prices of veffels for ale and beer, repealed, See.

Anno oftavo Elizabeths, c.9.	[1565*

font; as alfo to the utter fubverfion and decay of dll the tillage and carriage within the jaid tjle ana others the countries round about the fame, in time to come.

II.	For reformation and redrefs whereof, be it enadted by the Queen our fovereign lady, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, of this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That as much of the aforefaid eftatute made in the faid two and thirtieth year of King Henry the Eighth, or yet any part, branch or article or any parcel thereof, touching or concerning any the marilhes and leggy fen-grounds within the faid ifle, fituate, lying and being in the faid county of Cam-bridge, together with all other the marilhes andfeggy fen-grounds within the faid (hires of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Northampton, Lincoln, Norfolk and Suffolk, (hall be from henceforth utterly repealed, fruftrate, void and of none effedt in the law; any thing in the faid former adt exprefled to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Neverthelefs be it ordained and enadted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That no perfon or perfons whatfoe-ver he or they be, at any time after the laft day of March next coming, lhall have or put to pafture into or upon any marilh or feggy fen-ground within the faid iile of Ely, or into or upon any manfh or feggy fen-grounds within the faid counties of Cambridge, Huntington, Northampton, Lincoln, Norfolk and Suffolk or any of them, any ftoned horfe or horfes, being above the age of two years, and not being of the altitude and height of thirteen handful, to be meafured from the loweft part of the hoof of the forefoot, unto the higher part of the wither, and every handful to contain four inches of the (landard, to pafture, feed or to be nouriihed in or upon any the faid marilhes or feggy fen-grounds within the faid ifle, and within the faid counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Northampton, Lincoln, Norfolk and Suffolk or any of them, upon fuch and the like pain as by the faid former adt is limited and exprefled.

CAP. IX.

An aft to repeal a branch of the ftatute made in the twenty-third year of King Henry the Eighth, touching the prices of barrels and kilderkins.

IN their moft humble wife Jhewen unto the Queen's moft excellent majefty, and unto the lords fpiritual and temporal, and unto the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, the coopers of the city of London and of all other cities and towns within this realm England, That where in the parliament holden by prorogation at Welt-minfter the fifteenth day of January in the three and twentieth year of the reign of the late King offamous memory. King Henry the Eighth, father to our faid fovereign lady the Queen's highnefs that now is, then was one ftatute made and enabled, intituled. An adt that no-brewers of beer or ale lhall make their barrels, kilderkins nor firkins within them; and how much the fame barrels, kilderkins and firkins lhall contain: (2) in which ftatute, amongft other things therein con-* tained, it is enafted, That no artificer of the coopers fhall inhaunce the

prices

1565*] Anno o&avo Elkabeth^. c.9.	343

prices of any fucb barrels, kilderkins, firkins or other vejfels, in the fale of them to any ale-brewer or beer-brewer, or other perfon,	in

the Jaid aft are mentioned, but Jhould keep the rates of fuch prices as in the fame aft are exprejjed, and not above; (3) upon pain to forfeit for every barrel, kilderkin and firkin defeftive or inhaunced in price, in any point contrary to the Jaid aft, three Jhillings and four pence: (that is to fay) for every beer-barrel, nine pence \ for every beer-kilderkin, five pence, andfor every beer-firkin, three pence: and the ale-barrel, fixteen pence 5 the ale-kilderkin, nine pence, and the ale-firkin, five pence > as by the fame aft, amongft divers other things therein contained, more fully and at large doth and may appear: (4) fince which time the cloveboard and fluff whereof the faid vejfels and the hoops thereof Jhould be made, are nfen and grown to fuch exceffive prices, that fuch as do make the faid vejfels cannot make and fell any fuch barrels, kilderkins, firkins or other vejfels, at the prices exprejfei in the faid eftatute, but to their great lofs and hinderance, whereby the myjlery, trade and faculty of the faid coopers is utterly overthrown, to the impoverijbment and utter undoing of them, their wives, children and families, as is moft evident:

II.	Forafmmh as at the time of the makjng of the faid ejlatute, the The diffe-coopers might have bought a thoufand of barrel-boards for twelve Jbil- «nce between lings or thirteen Jhillings and four pence \ and a thoufand of kilderkin- ^pricesof boards for.nine Jhillings or ten Jhillings 5 and a load of hoops for nine barrel-board» yhillings or ten Jhillings; and now a thoufand of barrel-boards cannot and hoops.

be bought under three and thirty Jhillings and four pence, andforty Jhillings \ and a thoufand of kilderkin-boards under fix and twenty Jhillings and eight pence \ and a load of hoops under three and thirty Jhillings and four pence, and forty Jhillings \ as is right well and notorioujly known :

III.	Be it therefore enalted by the Queen’s moft excellent ma- a repeal of fo jefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this much of the

Srefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, ftatutes of "‘hat as much of every article, claufe and fentence comprized in touchedi* the faid eftatute made in the faid three and twentieth year of the the prices of reign of the faid late King, as doth touch and concern the prices veffels for ale of barrels, kilderkins, firkins and other veffels, and all and every and beer, pain and forfeiture expreffed and declared in the faid alt, for felling of any of the faid kind of veflels above the prices before fpe-cified, from the time of new prices to be fet in form hereafter ex* prefled, for fuch places only as the fame new prices (hall be fet, fhall be clearly repealed, fruftrate and made void.

'IV. And that from henceforth the prices of all barrels, kil- Who (hall rate derkins, firkins and other veffels to be fold for ale, beer or foap to the prices of be uttered therein, (hall be rated and taxed by mayors, bailiffs ve^s for atc and other head pfficer or officers of every city and town corpo- bccr" rate, where any fuch veflels (hall be made or offered to be fold;

V.	And where fuch veflels (hall be made or fold out of any city, borough or town corporate, the prices thereof (hall berated and taxed by the juftices of the peace, or the more part of them, being prefent in the general quarter-feflions yearly next after Eafier, at fuch reafonable prices as they (hall think reafonable by their diferetions; the faid eftatute made in the faid three and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry theJEighth,

R 2	-	or

244

The forfeiture of coopers not felling their veffeU at the prices rated.

Anno o&avo ElizAbEThjb. c-io.

[1565-

So much of the ftatutcs made in the %z Ed. 4. c. 4, 3 H. 7. c. 13. 33 H. 8. c.9. as concerns the prices of bows, repealed.

or any other law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That if the faid coopers or any of them (hall not make fale according to fuch prices as fhall be rated, as is aforefaid, after proclamation thereof made, that then every perfon and perfons fo offending fhall for the fame incur the pains and forfeitures mentioned in the faid eftatute made the faid three and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King; that is, to wit, for every barrel, kilderkin and firkin which fhall be fold at greater price than (hall be rated and taxed as is aforefaid, the fum of three (hillings and four pence of lawful money of Englandwhereof the one moiety to be to the Queen’s high-nefs, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch per-fon or perfons as will fue for the fame by action of debt in any court of record, wherein no protection, effoin or wager of law ihall be allowed or admitted.

CAP. X.

An aft for lowyers.

MOST humbly complaining Jheweth unto your Highnefs, and to your high court of parliament, your obedient fubjeftsy the bow-yen dwelling and inhabiting within the city ^London and the fub-urbs of the famey That where in the parliament of the late King of mojl famous memory, King Henry the Eighth, begun and holden at Weftminftcr the fexteenth day January in the three and thirtieth year of the reign of the faid late King, and there continued until the fir ft day of April then next following, there was one aft and Jlatute then made and provided, intituled, An a61 for the maintenance of artillery, and debarring of unlawful games; (2) in which aft and Jlatute, amongft other things, there is one branch contained and fpeafied, the tenor whereof is as hereafter followeth: That is to fay, and to the intent that every perfon may hcnJe bows of mean pricey Be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every bowyer dwelling out of the city of London folly after the feaft of the purification of our lady then next comingy for every, bow that he rrtaketh of yew make three other bows meet to Jboot in of elmy witchhafely ajh and other

the faid feafi of the purification of our Lady then next comingy for every bow of yew make two other bows apt for Jhootingy of afhy elm, witch-hafel or other wood meet for the famey under the like pain and forfei-turey as by the faid Jlatute more plainly it doth and may appear. (4) And although the faid branch of the faid Jlatute be needful and expedient to remain and continue for fuch bowyers as do dwell and inhabit in the country and other places out of the city of London, and th$ fuburbs of the fame ; yet forafmuch as there be very few or no bows of elmy witchhafel or ajhy or of any other wood than only of yew, ufed or occupied by any perfon within the faid city and fuburbs of the fame, therefore the faid branch of the faid aft and Jlatute before rehearfei was noty ne is needful to be had and made for the bwvyers dwelling within the faid city and fuburbs.

.	2	II. And

15^5*3 Anno o&avo Elizabeths. c.io.

245

II.	And yet'neverthelefs your faid Jubjefts, for the avoiding of the danger and penalty contained in the faid branch, are daily inforced to make fuch great number of bows of elm, witchhafel and ajfh, that they cannot in convenient time utter and fell the fame, but are conjlrained to keep fuch bows by them fo made, until they be putrified and not meet for any good ufe and purpofe.

III.	By reafon whereof much of the faid wood of elm, witchhafel and ajb is daily wafted and confumed in making of the faid bows * and your faid fubjefts by fuch Ioffes as they daily fujlbih in making fuch bows greatly impoverijhed, and the commonwealth thereby nothing ad* vanced, but rather hindered■ '

IV.	And where alfo in the feveral Jlatutes of the noble King of** Ed. 4- c.

famous memory, King Edward the Fourth, made in the two and twen- 3 c* * *• tieth year of his reign, and in the third year of the reign of ]KinS 33	°	^

Henry the seventh, Grandfather to our faidfovereign lady the Queer?s

majejly, and in the faid thirty-third year of the reign of our faid late fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, father to our faid Jovereign Lady, there is mention made of the prices of bows, which at thofe fe-veral times was appointed to be but three Jhillings and four pence and not above, to fell the be ft $

V.	At which faid times fuch bows might well have been fi fold to any perfon or perfons according to the rates and prices enprejfed in the faid feveral arts, until now within this twenty years, the prices of bow-flaves have diver fly been raifed and enhauncedfrom five pounds a hundred to twelve pounds, or thereabouts % for whub caufes the prices contained in the faid feveralJlatutes cannot be obfervei; arid yet your Majefifs faid Jubjefls, the bowyers, are presently in danger of the faid feveral Jlatutes concerning the prices of bows, which they hum-bly befeech your Majejly, with the ajfent of your high court ofparliament, may be releafed unto them, and the penalties appointed for the fame.

VI.	Be it therefore enabled, ordained and eftabhftied by the A repeal of fo Queen’s majefty our fovereign lady, with the afleot of the lords °*Jhe ljpiritual and temporal, and the Commons in this prefent parlia- 22 c ^ ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faijd 3 h. 7. c. 13. eftatutes of King Edward the Fourth and King Henry the Seventh & 35 H. 8. concerning the prices of bows, and all the branches contained c# 9* *s

in the faid ftatute of King Henry the Eighth, fo far forth as the pr^cs^t bows, fame extendeth to the prices of bows therein expreffed only, and the mak-* from the firft day of this prefent parliament and fo for ever, be ing of bows of thereby clearly repealed and made void and fruftrate toall intents, elm, &c. m conftru&ions and purpofes 5 (2) and alfo all and every claufe Loadon' -c* and fentence of the faid ftatute of King Henry the Eighth before-recited, tending to the making of bows of elm, witchhafel, afh and other wood befides yew, before rehearfed, or any penalty therein contained, fot any the faid laft rehearfed premifles from henceforth for ever (ball not be intended, conftrued or taken to , extend to any bowyer now dwelling or inhabiting, or which hereafter (hall happen to dwell or inhabit, within the cities of London and Wefiminfter, or the fubuibs of any of them, or in the borough of Southwark in the county of Surry; the faid ftatute* or any thing in them or any of them contained in any wife to the contrary notwithftanding.

'	VII, And

*4&	Anno o£tavo Elizabeth^®. c.ii. [1565.

A bowyer VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, London or That a^ anc* the faid bowyers within the faid cities and the1 fuburbs, fuburbs of London and Wejlminfter, and borough of Southwark, (hall have fifty (hall from henceforth from time to time and all times hereafter bow* of eJra, provide and have in his or their cuftody the number of fifty good and able bows of elm, witchhafel or afh at the leaft, well and fubftantially made and wrought; (2) upon pain that every of the faid bowyers which by the fjpace of twenty days (hall not have in his cuftody fuch number 01 the faid bows of witchhafel, elm or afh ready made and meet to be fold and ufed as afore-faid, fhall hereafter, for every bow lacking of the number afore-faid forfeit ten fhillings; the one moiety of which forfeiture fhall be to our faid fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, and the other moiety thereof fhall be to him or them ufing the art of an armourer, netcher or maker of bow-ftrings, that will fue for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint or otherwife, in any court of record;. in which adion and fuit no protedion or wager of law fhall in any wife be admitted or allowed for the defendant.

The feve^al VIII. Provided always,' and be it enaded by the authority a-Pal1C<brt* ofVC~	That	if	any	bowyer after the firft day of May next

bow*. * ° coming do fell any bows meet for men’s fhooting, being out-landilh yew, and of the beft fort, over and above the price of fix fhillings and eight pence; (2) or do fell any bows meet for men’s fhooting, being of the fecond fort, over and above the price of three fhillings and four pence ; (3) or fhall fell any bows meet for men as is aforefaid, being of the coarfe fort, called livenr-bows, for and above the price of two fhillings apiece, or that fhall after the faid firft day of May fell any bows being Englifh yew, over and above the price of two fhillings the piece j (4) that then the feller or fellers of fuch bows fhall forfeit for every bow fo fold over and above the price aforefaid forty fhillings, the one moiety thereof to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs andfucceftbrs, and the other moiety to the party ufing I the art of an armourer, fletcher, or maker of bow-ftrings, that 1 will fue for the fame in any court of record, by adion of debt, bill, plaint or otherwife, wherein no wager of law, efloin or protedion fhall be admitted or allowed $ any thing in this ad or in any other ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding. (5) This ad to continue until the laft day of the firft feffion of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the firjl fejfton of the next parliament: And further continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.	I

CAP. XI.

An a£l for uttering of caps, and for true making of hats and

caps.

Who may	HERE	great	multitudes	of the Queen's majefiy's true fub~

make hats and V V jefts, ufing the art of making woolen caps, are impoverijbei cap^nd how and decayed by the exceffive ufe of hats and felts, and thereby divers ° good cities and towns brought to deflation, great plenty of Jirange

commodities

they (hall be ^ade.

1565.] Anno oftavo Elizabeths, c.ii.	247

commodities without necejjity confumed, and great number of people enforced to depend upon the having of foreign wools,	/A* dtfcm-

modity of this realm, /A* disfurniture of fervice to be done to the Queer!s majejly,	greater evident dangers? if remedy be not pro-

vided:

II.	It may therefore pleafe the Queers moft excellent maje- None (hall fty, at the lamentable fuit and complaint of her faid poor fub- work hats with jedts, that it be enadted by the authority of this prefent parlia-

ment, That no perfon, by him or her felf, or by any other, hath'been ap-(hall, after the feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptift next co- prentice to the ming, make or work any felt or hat of or with any foreign myftery of wool or ftuff, unlefs fuch perfon (hall firft have been apprentice hat-making, or covenant-fervant to fuch myftery of felt or hat-making by the tffns Stating1' fpace of feven years at the leaft, upon pain to forfeit all fuchJhereto % hats or felts as he (hall make, or caufe to be made, while he * Jac. i. c. 17. worketh contrary to the form of this adt, and five pounds in *• money for every month that he (hall fo continue.

III.	*And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from Caps of felt, or the firft day oft April next coming no perfon whatfoever (hall of woolen make, fell or caufe to be made or fold, any cap or other thing cloth not knit, of felt,, but only hats, (2) nor (hall make, fell or caufe to be

made or fold, any cap of any wo/olen cloth not knit. (3) And that Dying of caps, no perfon after the faid firft day of April (hall dye or caufe to be dyed black, any cap, with bark or fwarf, but only with cop-p peras and gall, or with woad and madder.

IV.	And (for the fetting of many poor and impotent perfons xhicking or to work, and for the better making of caps) that no perfon after fulling of caps, the faid firft day of April (hall thicx or full in any mill, or caufe

to be thicked or fulled in any mill, any cap, until fuch time as the fame cap be firft well fcoured and clofed upon the bank, and half thicked at leaft in the footftock.

V.	And that no man under the degree of a knight, or of a who only may lord’s fon, (hall after the faid firft day of April wear any hat or wear a hat or upper cap of velvet, or covered with velvet, (2) on pain to for- upper cap of feit for every hat, cap or thing to be maae, dyed, thicked, vc vet' fulled, fold or worn, contrary to the meaning of this a (ft, ten drillings, ♦whereof the one moiety (hall be to the Queen’s ma- who ^aIj jefty, her heirs and fucceflors, the other moiety toluch perfon have the for-then ufing the feat of cap-making as will fue for the fame in feiture.

ariy court of record, wherein no efloin, prote&idh or wager of law for the defendant (hall be admitted or allowed.

VI.	And for the better and truer making of caps or hats with- who may

in this realm, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fearch and re, (hall be lawful to the mafter and wardens of the company of form cappers haberdalhers within the city of London, and to their fucceflors and batters, for the time being, calling to them one of the company of the cappers, and another of the makers of hats, as often as need (hall require, within the (aid city, or within three miles of the fame, to fearch all and all manner of cappers and makers of hats, and the offenders and defaults by them found to correct and .punift> by fines, and other wife, as in like cafes they do other

R 4	offenders

Ahno oftavo Elizabeths, c. 12.	[l5^S*

offenders and defaults within the faid company: (2) And that it (hall be lawful for all mayors, bailiffs and other head officers, in all other cities and towns corporate, to do the like.

. VII. Proyided always, and be it enaded by the authority 'a-hat-maker * f°refaid. That every hat-maker that now is a maker or worker though he’ of hats, and being a houfholder, apprentice, covenant-fervant or hath not been journeyman, (hall or may, during fuch perfons natural life, con-aa apprentice. tjnue making of hats and felts, albeit fuch perfon were not bounden apprentice to the fame art for the fpace of feven years. How many ap"	VIII. And be it enaded, That no maker or worker of hats

prentices hat’ (hall take or receive any apprentices contrary to the true mean-, Ske ”may inS this ad; that is to fay, above two apprentices at one time, nor thofe for any lefs time than ieven years at the lead, on pain to fuffer for every apprentice to be taken or received againft the form of this ad one month’s imprifonment in the common gaol, without bail or mainprife : (2) And that every taking or receiving of an apprentice contrary to this ad (hall bevoid; (3) and alfo fuch perfon fo taking or receiving (hall be from thenceforth difabled to have any more apprentices than one at one time. A hat-maker IX. Provided alway, That nothing in this ad (hall extend to may uie his charge any perfon allowed to be a felt-maker or hat-maker with osux chdd.	any pain or forfeiture, for fetting orufinghis or their own chil-

dren to the making or working of felts or hats in his or theif own houfes. Provided that this ad (hall not extend to any making of hats with worfted yam in the city of Norwich«

CAP. XII.

An 48 fpr the afilnegcrs fees in Lancafter, and for length, breadth and weight of cottons, frizes and rugs.

FOrafmuch as divers clothiers inhabiting within the county palatine of Lancafter, feeking inordinately their own fingular gains, have of late praftifed privily to convey and carry away out of the faid county divers cottons, frizes and rugs, there made to he fold, before fuch time as the Queen's aulneger of the faid county hath fixed unto every fuch cloth xbe§)ueeris feal in that behalf appointed*, and feme-time counterfeiting and fetting to fuch clothes Jealsof their own, (2)

, minding thereby not only to defraud the faid aulneger of his acaiftom-able fees due to be paid to the §>ueenys htghnefs ufe, for the fealing of every fuch cloth, cotton, frize or rug; but alfe to cover and hide the untrue and deceitful making of many of the faid clothes, contrary to the true meaning of fundry good and wholfome eftatutes and laws heretofore made, as well for the true making of the clothes beforefaid, as alfo for the fearching, trying and fealing of the fame, (3) to the no little pre judice and damage of the faid aulneger, whojlandeth charged with the payment of a great annual farm to the Queen's majejly for the faid auhiege, in deceit of her Highnefs fubjefts, and diferedit ofthe commodity of the faid clothes :

No cloth (hall II. For reformation whereof, be it enaded by our (aid fove-be fold before reign lady the Queen, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the aulneger^have com.mons> 0^this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au-*0 their thority of the fame, That no perfon or perfons from and after

the

249

1565.] Anfto oftaw Elizabeths, c. 12.

the firft day of April next coining (hall fell or put to fale withiji the faid countv, or convey or .carry, or caufe to be conveyed and carried, out of*the laid county of JLancafter^ any kind of clothes, cottons, frizes or rugs, hereafter to be made within the faid county palatine of Ldmajlqry to be fold, before fuch time that the owner or maker of every fuch doth, cotton, frize or rug, (hall fix and put to, or caufe to be fixed and put to, every fuch cloth, frize, cotton or rug, one feal of lead, having the mark of every fuch owner or clothier engraved on the one fide thereof, and the true length of every fuch cloth, friz^, cotton or rug, as it is found, being wet, to be, engraved on the other fide of the faid feal: (2) And aMo the Queen's highnefs aulneger of the laid county palatine for the time being, upon trial of the weight of every fuch cotton, frize and rug, (hall fix and put, or caufe to be fixed and put, to every fach cotton* frize or rug, the Queen's highnefs feal of lead, having the portcullis crowned engrayed on the one fide thereof, and the true weight of every fuch cotton, frize or rug, to be engraved on the other fide of the fame feal;

(3) upon pain of forfeiture of all and every fuch clothes, cottons, frizes and rugs, conveyed, carried, font, fold and put to fale, or to the intent to be fold, being unfealed, contrary to the meaning of this prefent aCt; the one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons that ftuli feife the fame cloth, cotton, frize or rug, or will fije for the fame, to be recovered in any of the Queen's highnefs courts of record, by bill, plaint, information or otherwife.; wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowedfor the defendant.

III.	And be it further enaCled by the authority of this prefent Certain towns parliament. That the faid aulneger, after the faid firft day of in the county Aprils (hall appoint and have his lawful deputy within every of whe^if^the* the feveral towns of Mancbejler, Rachide, Bolton, Blackborn and aulneger fhall Bery^ in the faid county, where the faid aulneger hath been ac- have hisdepu-cuftomed to have his deputy heretofore, (2) there to be ready ties.

upon lawful requeft unto him made, witnout delay, to weigh every of the faid cottoni, frizes and rugs, as (hall be brought unto every fuch deputy, and fealed with the feal of the owner or maker of every of the fame clothes, in form aforefaid 5 (3) and to fix and fet to every of the faid clothes, cotton?, frizes and rugs, the Queen’s highnefs feal beforefaid, to he engraven in manner and form before^mentioned; (4) upon pain of forfeiture of twenty (hillings for every pack of cottons, frizes or rugs fealed by the faid aulneger, or any of his faid deputies, before the fame be weighed in form aforefaid; the one moiety whereof to be to the ufe of the Queen's highnefs, her heirs and fuccef-fors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will fue for the lame in any of the Queen's majefty's courts of record, by bill, plaint, information, aCtion of debt or otherwife; wherein no wager of hw, protection or efloin (hall be allowed.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority a- How ranch the forefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the faid aulneger, or his de- aulneger may

puty,

25°

take for feal-ingot clothes. V.ii&uW. 3. c. so.

The weight, length and breadth of cottons.

frizes or rugs.

Anno o£tavo Elizabeth®, c. 1 2.	[ *	565.

S, to have and take of the owner qr maker of every of the clothes, cottons, frizes or rugs, for the weighing and feal-ing of every pack of the faid clothes, cottons, frizes or rugs, three-pence, (2) and for every piece of fuch coarfe clothes, cottons, frizes and rugs, not amounting to a whole pack, one half-penny, (3) and the fame to be paid by the owner or bringer of the faid clothes at the weighing and fealing of the fame ; any cuftom, ufe or prefeription to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

V.	And forafmuch as fuch perfons as commonly do ufe to utter and fell the faid feveral kinds of cottons, frizes and rugs, have been and are daily molefied, vexed and troubled, to their great lofs and hinde-ranee, by means of the cruelty of informers and fearchers, feeling continually their own private gain by finding of the Jaid cottons, frizes and rugs, at no time made according to fuch form of weight, lengths and breadths, as by the former fiatutes of this realm, lately made for the true making of woolen cloth is limited and appointed •, (2) ana for that the fame perfons do alledge, That the makers of the faid cottons, frizes and rugs, can by no means be reduced to obferve the faid weights, lengths and breadths, in making of the faid cottons, frizes and rugs, according to the form of the faid former efiatutes, without the utter undoing of great numbers of poor people that are commonly the makers of fuch kind of clothes ; and that by means hereof \ the faid cottons, frizes and rugs, fithence the making of the faid efiatutes, have been and are more farce and dearer than they were before the making of the faid efiatutes, and in nothing at all amended in fubjlance or form of making:

VI.	For reformation whereof, be it enabled, That from and after the firft day of April next coming every of the faid cottons, being diffidently milled or thicked, clean fcoured, well wrought and fully dried, (hall weigh twenty-one pounds at the lead, and (hall contain in length twenty-one goads, or twenty goads at the lead, and in breadth at the moil three quarters of the yard, or within one nail of three quarters of the yard at the leaft: (2) And that every of the faid frizes or rugs being thicked and fully dried (hall weigh forty-four pounds at the leaft, and (hall contain in length betwixt thirty-five yards and thirty-feven yards, and Avail contain in breadth at the mod three quarters of the yard, or within one nail of three quarters at the leaft, and not to be drained upon the tentors above one nail in breadth : (3) and alfo if any of the faid cottons, frizes or rugs, (hall be of any greater length than is before feverally expreffed, that then every goad or yard fo exceeding the faid feveral lengths, (hall weigh after fuch rate, as every goad or yard of fuch cottons, frizes or rugs, containing the faid feveral lengths, (hall or ought to weigh, (4) upon pain of forfeiture for every goad or yard not weighing after fuch rate, twelve-pence,

VII.	And alfo if any of the faid cottons, frizes and rugs, (hall be of lefs weight than is before feverally limited and appointed, that then all and every fuch perfon and perfons that (hall fo fell, or offer to be fold, any fuch cotton, frize or rug,

(hair

1565.] Anno oftavo Elizabeths. c. 13.	251

(hall forfeit for every pound lacking under three pounds, twelve-pence; (2) and for every pound weight lacking above three pounds, five (hillings. (3) The one.half of which forfeitures fhall be to our fovereign lady the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other half thereof to fuch perfon or perfons that (hall fue for the fame by aftionof debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record, Wherein no efloin, protection or wager or law (hall be admitted or-allowed for the defendant.

VIII.	And further be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. All a£b made That all and every branch, claufe, fentence and article, fpeci- for the fealing fied and contained in any other afts of parliament before this and making of time made, concerning the fealing and making of the faidcot- a^drugs, {halt tons, frizes and rugs, (hall be from henceforth utterly repealed, be void! * void and of none effeft ; any thing in the faid aft contained to

the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided always. That this aft (hall notin any wife ex- The liberties tend to be prejudicial or hurtful unto any charter or liberty pf of towns cor-any borough or corporate town within the faid county palatine P°£ate inLan* of Lane after, concerning the making and putting to fale of any caflure feved-woolen cloth; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XIII.

An aS concerning fea-marks and mariners.

WHEREAS the mafter, wardens, and affiflants of the The matter, Trinity-houfe ^Deptford-Strond, being a company of the wardens and chief eft and moft expert* mafters and governors of Jhips, incorporate afliftants of within themfelves, charged with the conduction of the Sjueens majeftys houfeat Dept-navy royal, are bound to forefee the good increafe am maintenance 0/Vord-Strond, ** Jhips, and of all kind of men traded and brought up by water craft, may at their moft meet for her Majefty's marine fervice. And forafmuch as by the c.ofts fron? deftroying and taking away of certain fleeples, woods and other marks, eVSa ^bch*and Jlanding upon the main Jhores, adjoining to the fea coafts of this realm f0 many bea* of England and Wales, being as beacons and marks of ancient time cons, marks accuftomed for feafaring men, to fave and keep them and the Jhips and figns for in their charge from fundry dangers thereto incident: Divers Jhips Saces of the with their goods and merchandizes, in failing from foreign parts to-	(bores' and

wards this realm of England and Wales, and efpecially to the port uplands near and river of Thames, have by the lack of fuch marks of late yearsto the fea-been mifearried, peri/hed and loft in the fea, to the great detriment the fea-marks** and hurt of the common weal, and the perijbing of no fmall number as to them of people.	4 (hall feem re-

II, For remedy wherein to be had, be it enafted, eftabli(hed quifite: And and ordained by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by the beconTinued cohfents of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, ancj renewcd in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the at their cofts. fame. That the forefaid mafter, wardens and afliftants of the See 4 Anna, Trinity-houfe at Deptford-Strond aforefaid, being a company in- e- 10m cprporated as before, (hall and may lawfully by virtue of this

aft

z$z

Mariners li-r cenced by the Trinity-houfe may apply as water-men on the Thames.

Anno oftavo Elizabeths, ci j. [1565.

a & from time to time hereafter, at their wills and pleafures, and at their cofts, make, crecft and fet up fuch and fo .many beacons, marks and (igns for the fea, in fuch place or places of the fea fhores, and uplands near the fea cofts, or forelands of the fea, onlv for fea marks, as to them (hall feem moft meet, needful and requifite, whereby the dangers may be avoided and efcaped, and (hips the better come unto their ports without peril.

LQ. And that all fuch beacons, marks and figns fo to be by them or their afligns erefted, made and fet up, at the cofts and charges of the faid mafter, wardens and afliftants, (hall and may be continued, renewed and maintained from time to time, at the cofts and charges of the faid mafter, wardens, and afliftants ; any thing to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority afbiriaid. That no fteepies, trees or other things now (landing as beacons or marks for the fea, whereof to the owner or occupier of the place where the fame doth grow or (land, before the firft day of March next coming notice (hall be given by the Queen’s majefty’s letters under her fignet, (hall at any time hereafter be taken down, felled or otherwife cut down, upon pain that every perfon by whofe procurement or confent fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, whereof the one moiety to the Queen’s majefty, and the other moiety to be to the mafter, wardens and afliftants of the faid Trinity-houfe. And if the (aid perfon or perfons fo offending be not of the value of one hundred pounds, then the fame perfon and perfons to be deemed convidt of outlawry ipfo fafto, to all conftru&ions and purpofes,

V.	And further, be it enabled by authority aforefaid, That all mariners and fea-faring men dwelling about the faid river of Thames, being thereto licenced by the faid mafter, wardens and afliftants, and having fufficient certificate of fuch licence from the faid mafter and wardens, as well between their voyages as at other times, at their wills and pleafures, by force hereof, the better to keep and refrain themfelves from folly, idlenefs and lewd company, and for the relief of them, their wives and children, (hall and may freely and quietly exercife and row in their own wherries or any other mens wherries by them to be hired, or wherein they (hall be hired to work, up and down the faid river of Thames, to apply and follow the ordinary palling and carrying of the Queen’s majefty’s people to and fro as other watermen, commonly called Wherrimen, of the fame river ufe and accuftom to do, without impeachment, hinderance or let to the contrary. And that fuch fea-faring men (hall not thereby be drawn under any other government, than under the faid mafter, wardens and afliftants as they were before \ any a ft, ftatute, pro-, vifion, proclamation, ordinance or cuftpm heretofore againftths. premifles ordained or made in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP,

HI

1565.] Anno o&avo Elizabeths. 0.14,-16,

CAR XIV.

An aft touching the tranfporting of tawed leather, made of Jheepskins and lambskins.

FOrafmuch as in one aft made in the firjt feffion of this prefent parliament, intituled, An aft againft the carrying of (heep-flrins and pelts over the fea, not being ftaple-ware, there is contained one branch againji the making of any pelts by any perfon, other than fuch as are permitted to make the fame by the [aid Jlatute: (2) s* Ehz. c* **• The execution of which branch hath been put in Jufpenfe, by reafon that fame other parts of the fameJlatute are fuppoj'ed to be againji the intercourfe of the Low-Countries of the King of Spain:

II. fie it therefore declared and enalted by the authority of this prefent parliament, That the faid firft branch of the faid ftatute, being not againft the (aid intercourfe, (hall from henceforth be put in due execution: (2 ) And forafmuch as great multitudes of the Queen’s majefty’s liege people have been fet on work, by converting of (heep-fldns and lamb-Kkins into tawed leather and parchment here within this realm, which by one other branch of the faid ftatute is prohibited to be tranfported out of the realm in leather: (3) And wherethe converting of fuch A repeal of fo (kins into leather and parchment hath been great maintenance much only ok of many thoufends of the fubje&s of this realm, and greater the ftatute of daily will be, to the great benefit of this realm, if the faid firft toucheth^lw* branch concerning making of pelts be duly put in execution, tranfporting where otherwife ir the faid pelts (hould be tranfported into other of tawed lea-realms, the fame would be an occafion of the impoverifhing of j£.er of *]?CCP~ many of the natural Englijb people of this realm: (4) Be }ai^b-fkins. it therefore enaited by authority of this prefent parliament,	'

That fo much of the laid ftatute as concerneth the tranfporting of tawed leather to be made of (heep-fkins and lamb-lkins, (hall ✓ ' from henceforth, as touching only the tranfporting of fuch tawed leather, be repealed and void; any thing in the faid ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding. 13	14 Car. 2. c. 7.

CAP. XV.

That branch only of the ftatute of 14 H. S. c. 10. ftiall be revived, which concerneth the provifion, ufe, and maintenance of nets and (hrops for pi c lr the deftru&ion of crows, &c. And all the reft of that ftatute ftiaUbe * repealed. Several rewards aligned for the taking and bringing of the heads and eggs of divers ravenous birds and vermin. EXP.

CAR XVI.

An aft that in divers counties there jhall be but one Jheriff of one county.

WHEREAS in the counties and Jhires of Surrey and Suf- ThefWiff fex, Effex and Hertford, Somerfet and Dorfet, War- wickof feve-wick and Leicefter, Nottingham and Derby, Oxon and Barks, ra} counties of long time have bad but one Jheriff to Jerve for two of divided unto faid counties; that is to fays one for Surrey and Suffex, and ^fore me other for Effex and Hertford, and one other for Somerfet and had but one. Dorfet, and one other for Warwick and Leicefter, and one other for The reafons Nottingham and Derby, and one other for Oxon and Barks; (2) the for hotfa.

* occqfion

Anno oftavo Elizabeth-®* g.i 6.	[i 565.

occajion whereof in the beginning (aj it Jhould fern) was, for that every of the faid feveral counties were not then fo Well inhabited with gentlemen of good ability to ferve in the faid office, as (thanks be to God) they be at this prefent: (3) and forafmuch .as the fervice and charges of that office of jheriffwick of the faid counties, is mare than in times pajl it hath been, and is now commonly greater than one Jberiff is able to ferve andfupply ; therefore fuch gentlemen as da dwell in the faid feveral counties, are very dejirous to have for every of the faid counties one Jberiff to be yearly made and appointed for the fame: (4) and for that the having of feveral /heriffs accordingly, cannot be hurtful to any, but thereby may grow fome eafe of charges and trouble to fuch as JbaU hereof ter be appointed to fuch office, and alfo the faid office better ferved and executed than heretofore hath been : .

There (hall be H. Be it therefore ena&ed by the authority of this prefent one (heriff of parliament. That the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, her heirs every the and fucceflors, Kings or Queens of this realm, (hall and ibrefaid a" maY fr°m and after the firft day of November, which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand five hundred three-fcore and feven, yearly chufe and make for every of the faid cqunties before named, one fufficient and able perfon to be fheriff of the fame, in fuch like manner and form as is and hath been ufed to be chofen, made and done for any other county or (hire within this realm \ any law, cuftom or ufage heretofore had or ufed to the contrary thereof notwithftanding: (2) and that every perfon which after the faid firft day of November fhall be made and appointed (heriff for any of the faid counties, (hall be accomptable and ufed in the order of his account, and all other things and allowance to him to be made, in the court of exchequer and all other courts and places, in fuch manner, and form as is commonly ufed for (heriffs in like cafes. Thefeverance III. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the °f't{jc Pro^ef! authority aforefaid. That the barons of the Queen’s hignnefs, fceriffwi^s ker heirs and fucceflors, of the court^of exchequer for the time directed. being, calling unto them as well her or their Grace’s officers of remembrancer, and the treafurer’s remembrancer, together with the clerk of the pipe of the fame court, as alfo the feveral (heriffs, the which next after the faid firft day of November (hall be by her Highnefs, her heirs and fucceffors, conftituted, named and appointed of every of the faid feveral counties of Surry and Suffix, Ejfex and Hertford, Sorherfet and Dorfit, Warwick and Leicejler, Nottingham and Derby, Oxon and Baris, fhall have by virtue of this a& of parliament full power and authority to fever and divide by the diferetion and judgment of the faid barons, all and Angular the proffers of the faid counties , of Surry and Suffix, Ejfex and Hertford, Somerfet and Dorfet, Warwick and Leicejler, Nottingham an & Derby, Oxon and Baris; (2) the which faid feverance and divifion of the faid proffers fhall be entered of record in the faid court of exchequer, and fhall be final and perpetual, during fo long time as this prefent adt of parliament (hall endure and have continuance.

IV. And

*565*1 AnnoodlavoEuzABETHjE. <li7,-19.	255

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, The tally of That in fuch and the fame manner and form as the laid proffers

jhall be divided, even fo the tail of reward of every of the afore-	v

faid counties, where any tail of reward hereafter (hall be taken,

(ball be fevered and divided in manner and form aforefaid.

V.	And be it likewife further enadted by the authority afore- Order for the fold. That, the faid barons for the time being, of the Queen’s payment of highnefs laid court of exchequer, and of her heirs and facceftbrs, creation -mo-calling unto them the faid officers of the treafurer’s remem- SSrme««r brancer, and the clerk of the pipe, (hall have full power and authority from time to time to take order and appointment for

the true and fpeedy payment and contestation of fuch creation-money, fees and annuities, and all other funds of money as have been accuftomed to have been paid, or of right ought to have been paid, to any perfoh or perfons, by the hands of the faid feveral (heriffs : (2) and that fuch order, direction and appointment fo made, had and taken by the faid barons in manner and form laft before recited, (hall be obferved, performed, fulfilled and kept yearly, as well by both the (heriffs of the faid feveral counties of Surry and Suffix for the time being, as by the faid feveral fheriffo for the time being of the faid counties of EJfex and Hertford, and of Somerfet and Dorfot, and of Warwick and Leicefter, and of Nottingham and Derby, and of Oxon and Barks ; any ufage, law or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au- But thority aforefaid. That no (heriff hereafter to be chofen and charges (hail made of anyone of the faid counties inthisadt mentioned, be paid by (hall pay in any court of record for any duty belonging pro-

perly to the office of (heriff, any other fees or charges, than aAV^aca* only the one half of the charges and fees which he mould be compelled to have paid ; if he had been (heriff of two of the faid (hires and counties, as before the making of this adt was	,

ufed 1 any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwitb-(landing.

VII.	This adt to continue and endure unto the end of three whole years, to be accounted from the feaft of All-Saints in the year of our Lord God a thoufand five hundred threefcore and feven, and from thence to the end of the* next parliament then next following the end of the faid three years. Made perpetual by 13 EL c* 22. except as to Suffix and Surry.

CAP. XVII.

A confirmation of a fubfidy of four (hillings in the pound granted to the Taxes*

Queen by the clergy, to be paid in three years. EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

The Queen's free and general pardon confirmed by parliament. Ex- Pardon

ccpt. Sec. EXP.

CAP. XIX.

A grant by the temporary to the Queen, of one fubfidy, and of one Taxes, fifteenth and tenth. EXP*

CAP,

Anno o&avo Elizabeths. 6.20.

CAP. XX.

An aft far repealing a branch ofafiatnte made in the 26 H. 8-c. 6. f. 12. for trial of offences in Wales.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of the late King Henry the ' Eighth, among other things it was enabled* That all murders9 rob-berieSy felonies end other felonious offences, which fbould from that time h committed in any lordjhips marchersy or other place in Wales, might be inquired of heardy tried and examined in the next Englifh Jbire thereunto adjoining: and alfo by one other branch contained in . theJlatutiy it is ordained, Thatfuch of the fame offences as fbould be committed within the county of Merioneth, one of the three old jbires 0/* North-Wales, might at the difcretion of the juftices there y be inquired of heardy tried and determined in the counties of Anglefey and Caernarvon, being two other counties ^North-Wales, as by the fame ait more plainly doth appear 5 and yet neverthelefs in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the thirty fourth and thirty fffth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, by one ail and jtatvte there made touching certain ordinances in Wales, it is by one branch thereof among other things enabled and e/labUfbed* That all offawesy murders-, robberies and other felonies* which from thenceforth fbould be committed in thejhid county of Merioneth, fbould and might be inquired of, heard and determined before the juftices within the faid codnty of Merioneth, or elfe in the county of Salop, being the next Englifh. county adjoining thereuntOy in fuch manner and form as the like offences committed in other the faid counties in Wales fbould or might be inquired of beard and determined* as by the faid ail more at large doth appear. By reafon of which faid feveral branches contained in the faid feveral jlatutesy the faid county of Merioneth ftandeth now not only chargeable to fuch like trial in the next Englifh Jhire* for the faid offences as other counties of Wales at this prefent bty but alfo by. farce the faid Jlatute made m the faid twenty-fixtb year of the fatd King Henry the Eighth, the faid county ^Merioneth « alfo fabjeH to fuch enquiry and trial to be bad within the faid counties of Caernarvon and Anglefey, being both Wellh /hires* much to the difiredit of the inhabitant$ of the faid county of Merioneth, for that no other counties of Wales, for fuch offencesy are chargeable with the like trial.

II.	Wherefore be it enafted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That fo much of the faid aft and ftatute made in the faid twenty-fixth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eignth, as doth limit or appoint any of the faid offences before-mentioned, committed within the faid county of Merionethy to be enquired of, tried, heard and determined Within the faid counties of Caernarvon and Anglefeyy or either of them, (hall from henceforth be utterly repealed, void and of noneeffeft. .	»

\

CAP.

157°*] Anno dccimo tertio Elizabeths, c. 1,2.	257

Anno decimo tertio Regina Elizabeths.

AT the parliament begun and balden at Weftminfter the fecend day ef April in the thirteenth year of the reign of our tnoji gracious fovereign lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, France and Ireland, Queen, defender of the faith. See. and there continued until the dtjfohttion of the fame, to the high pleafure of Almighty God. and weal publick of this realm, were enabled as foUowetb.

CAP. I.

It (hall be high treafon to intend deftruttion or bodily harm to the Queen, Treafon. or to levy war, or to move others to war againft her, or to affirm, That 3 jnft. fl* f0, the Queen ought not to enjoy the crown, But lome other perfon 5 or to ,a> \ 9 publiTH, That the Queen is an heretick, fchifmatick, tyrant, infidel or ^	\s.

ufurper of the crown $ or to claim right to the crown, or to itfurp the pCph. iaa« fame during the Queen’s life; or to affirm the right in fuccdffion of the r crown in fome other than the Queen; or to affirm, That the laws and ftatutes do not bind the right of the crown, and the defeent, limitation, inheritance, or governance thereof.

II. Whofoever (haU during the Queen’s life, by any book, or work .written or printed, exprefly affirm, (before the fame be eftablifhed by parliament)

That any one particular perfon is or ought to be heir or.fucceffor to the Queen, except the fame be the natural iflue of her body : or ihall wilfully fet up in open place, or fpread any books or fcrowls to that effett ; or (haU print, bind or put to falc, or utter, caufe, &c. any fuch book Or writing, he, his abettors and counfellers ihall for the tint offence be a whole year imprifoned, and forfeit half his goods; and for the (econd offence (haU incur the penalty of a praemunire. EXP. 16 H. S.

©• 13. x Ed. 6. c. ia. 1 & 2 Ph. 8c M. c. xo. x El* c. 5.

CAP. II.

An aft againft the bringing in, and putting in execution of bulls, ‘Writings or inftruments and other fuperftitious things from the fee of Rome.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter, in the fifth a rehearfalof year ef the reign of our fovereign lady the fpueetfs majejly the ftatute of that now is, by me aft andftatute then and there made, intituled, An 5	*•

aSt for the afturance of the Queen’s majefty’s royal power over all ftates and fubjeds within her Highnefs dominions, it is the authority among ether things very well ordained and provided for the aboUJhing of thehiftop1 of the ufurped power and jurifdiftion of the bijbop of Rome and of and fee of the fee of Rome, heretofore unlawfully claimed and ufurped vntmn Romc* this ream and other the dominions to the Spueen's majejly belonging,

That no perfon or perfons Jhall hold orft and with, to Jet forth, maintain, defend or extol the fame ufurped power, or attribute any man-ner of jurifdiftion, authority or prehermnence, to the fame, to be had or ufea within this realm or any the find dominions, upon pain to incur the danger, penalties and forfeitures ordained and provided by the ftatute of provijion and praemunire, made in the Jixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, as by the fame aft more at Vot. vI.	S	large

' *58	Anno	decimo	tcrtio Elizabeths, c.a* tI57°*

H R. a. c. 5. large it doth and may appear: (2) and yet nevertheless, divers /editions and very evil-difpojed people, without therejpeft of their duty to Almighty GO D, or of the faith and allegiance which they ought- to bear and have to our feud fovereign lady the Sheen, and without all fear and regard had to the faid good law andjlatute, or the pains therein limited, but minding, as it Jbould feem, pery feditioufly and unnaturally, not only to bring this realm and the imperial crown thereof (being in very deed of itfelf moft free) into the thraldom and fub-jeftion of that foreign, ufurped and unlawful jurifdiftion9 prehemi-nence and authority claimed by the faid fee of Rbme; (3) but alfo to ejlrange and alienate the minds and hearts of fundry her Majejly*s fubjefts from their dutiful obedience, and to raife andjlir jedition and rebellion within this realm, to the difturbancs of the mojl happy The effeft of peace thereof; (4) have lately procured arid obtained to themfelves bulb brought from the faid bijhop of Rome and his faidfee, divers bulls and wri~ ome# tings, the effeft whereof hath been, and is, to abfolve and reconcile all thofe that will be contented to for fake their due obedience to our mojl gracious fovereign lady the SpueetCs majejly, and to yield and fub-jeft themfelves to the faid feigned\ unlawful and ufurped authority \

(5)	and by colour of the faid bulls and writings 9 the faid wicked per-Jons veryfecretly, and mojlfeditioufly, infuch parts of this realm where the people for want of good inflruftion are mojl weak, fimple and ignorant,• and thereby fartheft from the good underjlanding if their duties toward GOD and the Sjueetis majefty, have by their lewd and fub til pra ft ices and perfwafions fo far forth wrought, that fundry frnple and ignorant perfons have been contented to be reconciled to the faid ufurped authority of the fee of Rome, and to take abfolution at the hands of the faid naughty and fubtilpraftifers; (6) whereby hath grown great difobedience and boldnefs in many, not only to withdraw and abfent themfelves from all divine fervice, now mojl godly fet forth and ufed within this realm, but atfo have, thought themfelves dif charged of and from all obedience, duty and allegiance fo her Majejly, whereby mojl wicked and unnatural rebellion hath enfued, and to the further danger of this realm is hereafter very like to be renewed, if the ungodly ana wicked attempts in that behalf be not by feverity of laws in time rejlrained and bridled:

Putting inure II. For remedy and redrefs whereof*, and to prevent the any bull of ab- great mifehiefs and inconveniences that thereby may enfue, be folution or re- it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, with the from the bi- .a^nt the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, fhopof Rome. m this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons, after the firft day of July next coming, (hall ufe or put in ure in any place within this realm, or in any the Queen’s dominions, anyfuch bull, writing or inftrument written or printed, of abfolution or reconciliation, at any time heretofore obtained and gotten, or at any time* hereafter to be obtained or gotten from the faid bi(hop of Rome or any his fucceftbrs, or from any other perfon or perfons authorized or claiming authority by or from the faid bifhop of Rome, his predeceiTors or fucceftbrs, or fee of Rome; (2) or if any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of July

1570.] Anno decimo tertio Elizabeths, c.2.	259

(hall take upon him or them, by colour of any fuch bull, wri- Abfolving or ting inftrumerit or authority, to abfolve or reconcile any perfon ^onc,rI^S °f or perfons, or to grant or promife to any perfon or per- ^ fons within this realm, or any other the Queen’s majefty’s do- abfolved or minions any fuch abfolution or reconciliation* by any fpeech, reconciled, preaching, teaching, writing or any other open deed; (3) or if any perfon or perfons within this realm or any the Queen’s dominions after the faid firft day of July (hall willingly receive and take any fuch abfolution or reconciliation:

III.	Or elfe if any perfon or perfons have obtained or gotten Getting of

fince the laft day of "the parliament holden in the firft year of any bull from the Queen’s majefty’s reign, or after the faid firft* day of July Rome con-(hall obtain or get, from the faid biftiop of Rome> or any Matter what-his fucceffors or fee of Rome, any manner of bull writing or focvcrj or inftrument, written or printed, containing any thing, matter publifhing or or caufe whatfoever; (2) or (hall publiih, or by any ways or Pitting in ur« means put in ure any fuch bull, writing or inftrument; (3) inftToii06. that then all and every fuch' aft and afts, offence ahd offences 3	*

(hall be deemed and adjudged by the authority of this aft to

be high treafon; (4) and the offender and offenders therein, their procurers, abetters and counfellers to the faft and committing of the faid offence or offences, (hall be deemed and adjudged high traitors to the Queen and the realm ; (5) and being thereof lawfully indifted and attainted according to the courfe of the laws of this realm, (hall fuffer pains of death, and alfo lofe and forfeit all their lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels, as in cafes of high treafon by the laws of this realm ought to be loft and forfeited.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Aiders, com-

That all and every aiders, comforters or maintained of any forters and the faid offender or offenders, after the committing of any nla,^ai"er* the faid afts or offences, to the intent to fet forth, uphold	”

or allow the doing or execution of the faid ufurped power, ju- fence, rifdiftion or authority, touching or concerning the premines, R. 2. c. 5. or any part thereof, mall incur the pains and penalties contain- *

ed in the ftatute of pramunire made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au-Concealing or thority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, to whom any difclofing fuch abfolution, reconciliation, bull, writing or inftrument 25."* as is aforefaid, (hall after the faid firft day of July be offered; offered, moved or perfwaded to be ufed, put in ure or executed, (hall

conceal the feme offer, motion or perfwafion, and not difclofe and (ignify the fame by writing or otherwife, within fix weeks then next following, to fome of the Queen’s majefty’s privy council, or elfe to the prefident or vice-prefident of the Queen’s majefty’s council, eftablifhed in the north parts, * or in th£ marches of Wdes> for thef time being, that then the fame perfon or perfons fo concealing and not difclofing, or not fignifving ,	...

the (aid offer, motion or perfwafioti,' (half incur the lcfs‘, dan- r--ger, penalty and forfeiture of mifprifion of high treafon

S %	VI. And

2 6a

Bringing into the realm, or tifing of ag-nus dei, pictures, crofTes, &c.

c 5.

Apprehending an offender, or dif-clofing his

name.

Delivering an agnus dei to the ordinary.

Annodecimo tertio Elizabeths, c.2.	(157a.

VI.	And that no perfon or perfons (hall at any time hereafter be impeached, molefted or troubled in or for mifprifion of treafon, for any offence or offences made treafon by this a<5t, other than fuch as by this ad are before before declared to be in cafe of mifprifion of high treafon.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any1 time after the laid firft day of July bring into this realm of England^ or any the dominions of the fame, any token or tokens, thing or things, called or named by the name, of agnus dn, or any croffes, pictures, beads or fuch like vain and fuperftitious things, from the bifiiop or fee of Romey or from any perfon or perfons authorized or claiming authority by or from the faia bifhop or fee of Rjmty to confecrate or hallow the fame; (which faid agnus dei is ufed to be fpecially hallowed and. confecrated, as it is termed, by the faid biihop in his own perfon, and the faid croffes, pidures, beads and fuch like fuperftitious things been alfo hallowed either by the fame biihop, or by others having power or pretending to have power for the fame by or from him or his faid fee; and divers pardons, immunities and exemptions granted by the authority of the faid fee to fuch as (hall receive and ufe the fame:) (2) and that if the fame perfon or perfons fo bringing in, as is aforefaid, fuch agnus dei and other like things as nave been before fpedfied, (hall deliver, or caufe or offer to be delivered the fame, or any of them, to any fubjed of this realm, or of any the dominions of the fame, to be worn or ufed in any wife: (3) that then as well the fame perfon. and perfons fo doing, as alfo alt and every other perfon or perfons which (hall receive and take the fame, to the intent to.ufe or wear the fame, being thereof lawfully convided and attainted by the order of the common laws of this realm, (hall incur the dangers, penalties, pains and forfeitures ordained and provided by the ftatute of prammire and provifion made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, to whom any fuch agnus dei or other the things aforefaid (hall be tendred and offered to be delivered (hall apprehend the party fo offering the fame, and bring him to the next juftice of peace of that (hire where fuch tender (hall be made, if he (Kali be of power and.able fo to do, or for lack of fuch ability, (hall within the fpace of three days next after fuch offer made as is aforefaid, difdofe the name and names of fuch perfon or perfons as fo (hall make the fame offer, and the dwelling-places, or place of refort of the fame perfon or perfons (which be (hall endeavour himfelf to know by all the ways and means be can) to the ordinary of that diocefe, or tp pny juftice of peace, of that, (hire where fuch perfon or perfoits to whom ;fuch offer (hall be made, as is aforefaid, fnajl he reliant: (})vand alfo if fuch 'perfon or perfons to whom fuch offer (hall be mad** ih^ll happen to receive any fuch agmydei. or ofher thing abov^remembred,

and

157°.] Anno decimo tertio Elizabeths. c.2.	261

and (hall within the fpace of one day next after fuch receiptor a juftice of deliver the fame to any juftice of peace withip the fame (hire Pcacc-where the party fo receiving (hall be then reliant, or (hall hap-pen to be : (3} that then every fuch perfon or perfons doing any the a£ts or things in this provifion above-mentioned, in form above declared, (hall not*by force of this ftatute incur any danger or penalty appointed by this ftatute, or any other pain or penalty; this a£t, or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IA. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, A pardon to That all and every perfon and perfons, which at any - time them that N fince the beginning of the firft year of the Queen’s majefty’s (hall bring in reign that now is, have brought or caufed to be brought into thofcCbuUs d this realm any fuch bulls, writings or inftruments of recon-which before filiation only as are above-mentioned, and now have any of they received* the fame bulls, writings or inftruments in his or their hands orcuftody, and (hall and do within the fpace of three months next after the end of any feffion or diflolution of this prefent parliament, bring and deliver all fuch bulls, writings and inftruments which they or any of them ndw have in his or their cuftody, to the bimop of the diocefe where fuch abfolution	*

hath been given and received, to the intent that the fame bulls, writings or inftruments may be cancelled and defaced, and (hall openly and publickly before fuch bi(hop confefs and acknowledge his or their offence therein, and humbly defire to be received, reftored and admitted to the church of England, (hall ftand and be clearly pardoned and difcharged. of all and every offence and offences done or committed in any matter or caufe concerning any of the faid bulls, writings or inftruments, for or touching luch abfolution or reconciliation Only. (2) And that all A pardon of and every perfon or perfons which have received or taken any all thofe that abfolution from the laid bifliop of Rome, or his faid. fee of Rme* have been re* of any reconciliation unto the faid bi(hop of Rome* or to the	to	*

faid fee of Rome, fithence the faid firft year of the reign of our faid fovereign lady the Queen, and (hall within the laid fpace do confefs it, pf three months next after any feffion or diflolution of this pre- and fubmit font parliament come before the bi(hop of the diocefe of fuch themfelves. place where fuch abfolution or reconciliation Was had or made, and (hall publickly and openly before the fame biftiop confefs and acknowledge his or their offence therein, and humbly defire to be received, reftored and admitted to the church of England, (hall likewife ftand and be clearly pardoned and dif-charged of all and every offence and offences done or committed in any matter or caufe concerning the faid bulls, writings or inftruments, for or touching only receiving of fuch abfolution or reconciliation, and for and concerning all abfolution or reconciliation had or received by colour of any the faid bulls, writings or inftruments only.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the an- Thc pena1ty thority aforefaid. That if any juftice of peace, to whom any 0f a juftice of matter or pffence beforementioneji (hall be uttered, (hewed, or peace nptdii;

83

declared, ,

Trial of a nobleman by his peers.

A facing of the right of others.

*62	Anno	decimo tertio Elizabeths, c.3,4.	[1570*

doling an of declared, as is aforefaid, do not within the fpace of fourteen days fence declared next after it (hall be to him (hewed or uttered* fignify or de-untoium. cjare tjie fame tQ ^ome one q£ the Queen*s majefty’s privy

council, that then the fame juftice of peace (hall incur the dan-

S'er, pain and forfeiture provided by the faid (latute made in the aid fixteenth year of King Richard the Second.

XI.	Provided alfo, -and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any nobleman, being a peer of this realm, (hall at any time hereafter happen to be indi&ed for any the offence or offences aforefaid, that then every fuch nobleman and peer of this realm (hall have his trial by his peers, as in cafes of high treafon and mifprifion of treafon hath heretofore been accuftomed or ufed:

XII.	Saving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucceflors, and the heirs and fuccefiors of every of them, other than the faid offenders and their heirs claiming only as heir or heirs to any fuch offenders, and fuch perfon and perfons as claim to any their ufes, (2) all fuch rights, titles, interefts, poffeffions, leafes, rents, re-verfions, remainders, offices, fees and all other profits, commodities and hereditaments, as they or any of them (hall have at the day of the committing of fuch offence or offences, or at any time before, in as large and ample manner to all intents ana purpofes, as if this ad had never been had nor made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. 23 EL c. 1.

CAP. III.

If any bom within this realm, or made free denizen, hath departed or (hall depart the realm without the Queen's licence under the great or privy feal, and (hall not return again within (ix months after warning by proclamation, he (hall forfeit to the Queen the profits of all his lands during his life, and alfo all his goods and chattels. The like penalty he (hall fuftain, which having licence (hall not return within fix months after his licence expired. The offender (hall have reftitution upon fub-miflion. Fraudulent affurances made by fugitives of their lands and goods to deceive the Queen, (hall be void. £XP. 5 R. a. ftat. t. c. 1. is R. s.c. 8. 14EI.C. 6.

cap: iv.

Art a£t to make the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of tellers, receivers, &c. liable to the payment of their debts.

FOR the better fecurity of the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, again!! fuch as (hall have the receipt and charge of the money and treafure of her Highnefs, her heirs and fucceflors, (2) be it declared and enadted by the Queen’s majefty, with the aflent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the ^ authority of the feme. That all lands, tenements, profits, com-not^d^c”1 m°ditiesand hereditaments, (3) which any treafurer or receiver <Tbis*a£lextm- *n or belonging to any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of the detb to under exchequer, wards and liveries, or duchy of Lancafler^ treafurer collectors of	Gf the chamber, cofferer of the houfhola to the Queen’s majefty.

Fugitives.

3 lnft. 178. Savil 8, 33*

Treafurer*, receivers and other ac-comptants lands (hall be liable for the payment of the Queen's

I57°*l Anno dedmb tertio Elizabeth^, c.4.	263

her heirs or fuccefibrs, treafurer for the wars, treafurer of any fort, town or .caftle, where any garrifon is or (hall be kept, treafurer of the admiralty or navy, treafurer, undertreafurer or o-ther perfon accomptable to the Queers majefty, her heirs or fuccefibrs, for any office or charge of or within the mint, treafurer or receiver of any fums of money impreft, or otherwife, for - the ufe of the Queen's majefty, her heirs or fuccefibrs, or for provifions of vidtual, or for fortifications, buildings or works, or for any other provifions to be ufed in any the offices of the Queen’s majefty’s ordnance and artillery, armory, wardrobe, tenths and pavilions, or revels, cuftomer, collector, farmer of cuftoms, fubfidies, impofts or other, duties within any port of . the realm, collector of the tenths of the clergy, colle&or of any fubfidy or fifteen, receiver general of the revenues of any county or counties, anfwerable in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the court of wards and liveries, or the duchy of Lancafier, clerk of the hamper, (4) now hath, or at any time hereafter (hall have, within the time whilft he or they or any of them fhall remain accountable5 (5) (hall for the payment and fatis- % Mod. *47' faction unto the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccefibrs, of his or their arrearages, at any time hereafter to be lawfully, acT cording to the laws of this realm, adjudged and determined upon his or their account (aft his due and reafonable petitions be-r ing allowed) be liable to the payment thereof, (6) and be put and had in execution, for the payment of fuch arrearages or debts to be fo adjudged and determined upon any fuch treafurer, receiver, teller, cuftomer, collector, - farmer, officer or account tant, as is before-named, (7) in like and in as large and beneficial manner to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame treafurer, receiver, teller, cuftomer, fanner or colle&or, upon whom any fuch arrearages or debts (hall be fb adjudged or, determined, had the day he became firft officer or accountant flood bound by writing obligatory, having the effect of a ftatute of the ftaple, to her Majefty, her heirs or fuccefibrs, for the true pnfwering and payment of the fame arrearages or debts.

II. And forafmuch as many times it may come to pafs, that the Certain cafes. Queen's highnejs, her heirs or JucaJfors, Jball not or may not be con- ^erem die venientlyfatisfied of the debt to be determined or due upon any account thVac-or farm as is aforefaid, by zvay of extent, for that the yearly value comptants of the lands extended will not fatisfy her Highnefs, her heirs or fuccef- lands. fors, within the compafs of many years, fo as thereby great lofs might1 ^eon' tnfue to her Highnejs, her heirs and fuccejfors \ (2) for remedy thereof be it further enadted, That if any treafurer, receiver, colle&or, farmer, cuftomer, teller, collector of cuftom, fubfidy or impoft, or other perfon accountant before*mentioned, which (hall from and .after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel now •next coming receive or be chargeable with any money of treafure of our faid fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs or fuccefibrs, (2) and (hall upon the determining of his or their account (all his and their due petitions to them upon the fame accoupt being allowed) or by reafop of any farm, as aforefaid,

&4	**

Anno deritno tcrtio ELIZABETHS. C.4.	[1570,

be found in arrearages, or to owe unto our faid fovereign lady the Queen, her heir* or fucceflors, any futn or futns of money,

(4)	and fhall nbt within the fpace of fix months next after his or their accounts finifhed, or debt known, (having allowance of his or their due and reafonable petitions,, as is aforefaid) truly fatisfy and pay all fuch arrearages and fums of money as he or they {hall owe upon determination of his or their account, or upon Such falc his or their debt known, as is aforefaid ; {5) that then it mall good after the and may he lawful to the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and death of fuch fucceflors, at any time, and from time to time, after, the faid accomp ant, months ended, to make fale by her or their letters patents 27 El. c. 3. under the great feal of England, ot fo much of the lands, tene-C a.	ments	and	hereditaments	of	every fuch accountant or debtor

fo being found in arrearages or in debt, as is above-mentioned, as may fuffice our faid fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs or fucceflors, for the fatisfa&ion of his or their debt or arrearages, to be determined or adjudged upon his or their account or farm, as is aforefaid, (all due petitions being allowed, as is aforefaid) until her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, be by fuch fale fully fatisfied and paid of fuch arrearages and debt to be found upon account or farm, as is aforefaid.

Delivery of III. And if any overplus of money fhall be received or had the overplus upon any fuch fate, then the fame fhall be paid and delivered *|jc ?™}cr to the accountant or farmer, or his heirs, by the officer that 0 c # fhall receive the money upon any of the find files, without any further or other warrant in that behalf to be made or obtained.

The fale IV, And l?e it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, good againft That all the fiid fales to be made by the Queen’s majefty, tiie Queen and her heirs or fucceflors, as is aforefaid, fhall be good and availa-’ kle in law againft the party accountant indebted as is aforefaid, and his heirs claiming as heirs, and againft the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, notwithftanding any former charge or incumbrance to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, by the perfon or perfons for whofe debt or duty the fame fhall fortune to be .fold,

Accomptant V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, •urebateth That if any perfon or perfons accountant or indebted as is *thers*i] me	fhall	at any time after he or they fhall become ac-

pur Vfo, S# countant or chargeable, as is aforefaid, purchafe and buy, or • or caufe to be purchafed and bought, any lands, tenements or hereditaments, and caufe the aflurance thereof to be made in the name of any other perfon or perfons, where the fame is indeed meant or intended to the ufe, profit or behoof of fuch per-fbn accountant or indebted, or of any other perfon or perfons, and that the fame manner of purchafing, and fecret ules, pro-%	fits or behoof, fhall be found by office or inquifition 5 That

then all and every lands, tenements and hereditaments fo to be bought or purchafed, or caufed to be purchafed (as is before-mentioned in this laft provifo) fhall by virtue of this z& be taken) deemed and nfed for the fetisfadtion of the arrearages

and

1570.] Anno decimo tertlo Elizabeth.®, c.4.	265

and debt of every fuch accountant or debtor, as is above-mentioned, to all intents and purpofes, as though the perfon or perfons indebted upon his or their Account or farm were thereof actually feized of fuch eftate that was conveyed to any perfon or perfons, by any fuch accountant or debtor, or by his means, as is aforefaid: (2) and that all Tales to be thereof' made by the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, for fa-tisfaftion of fuch debt or arrearages as (hall be found, as is aforefaid, to be due and owing to our faid fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs and fucceflors, (hall be of the like effect, and be ufed and done in fuch like manner and form, as is before exprefled.	;	.

VI.	And whereas heretofore feme treafurers, tellers, receivers, collectors and others, having had charge of the Queen's majejlfs money and treafure, have gotten into their hands great fums of the Queen's majejlfs money and treafure fithence the beginning of her Majejlfs reign, and have mojl fraudulently employed her Majejlfs money and treafure which they had in their charge, in fundry wife to # their own ufes, partly in the purchajing her Majejlfs awn iands> and partly in purchajing lands of others; (2) and to the intent the fame Jhmld not be liable to fatisfy and pay ner Majefty 9 her heirs or fuc-teJforS) of that which to her or them Jhould appertain, have pur chafed the fame fometimes in their own mmts9 and fometimes in the names ofjundry theirfriends and kinsfolks, wives or children^ and yet never-thelefs have taken and received the rents and revenues thereof to their own ufes:

VII.	Be it therefore further ena&ed and ordained by the pur-authority aforefaid. That all and Angular lands, tenements arid chafed by ac-hereditaments, which any treafurer, receiver, teller, cuftomer, comptant collector, officer or accountant before-named, hath heretoforefip**

fince the beginning of the Queen’s majefty’s reign purchafed or <wn?nigii! caufed to be purchafed, to the intent the fame fhould not be ^ liable, as is aforefaid, (the fraud and covin aforefaid being firft found by office or inquifition) (hall and may be feized and taken by her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and retained by her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, in fee-iimple, to be fold or ^ ’ otherwise ufed at her and their wills and pleafures, towards the payment and fatisfacftion of all and every arrearages already fet or determined and adjudged, or that hereafter (hall be fet, determined or adjudged, upon his or their account (all reafona-ble and due petitions being allowed) at fuch rate and value as the fame wire purchafed or bought, or caufed to be purchafed or bought, by any fuch treafurer, receiver,* teller, cuftomer of colledor before named, or by any other perfon to their ufe.

VIII.	Provided always. That if the lands and tenements fo The Queen to be feized, taken or fold, by her Majefty, her heirs or fuc- fc,*e. on“ ceffors, as is laft above-mentioned, do furmoont, after the ratej^

and value aforefaid, the debt and arrearages to be fet, deter- fatisfy her* mined and adjudged upon the account of any treafurer, receiver, teller, cuftomer, collector or aecomptant beforenamed, that then her .Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, foal) take and feize only

2 66

Anno decimo tertio Elizabeths, c. 4.	[157o.

fo much as (hall amount, after the rate and value aforefaid, to the juft payment and fatisfadtion of fuch debt and arrearages as hath been or (hall be fet, determined or adjudged upon his or their account as is aforefaid.

No bi(hop*t IX. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autho-hnd* fall be rity aforefaid. That no bifhop having the collection of any fub-cbarge^blc. gjy or tenths, or any his lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof he is' feizea in the right of his bifhoprick, (hall be . charged by virtue of this adt for any arrearages of tenths or fubfidy, otherwife or in any other manner than he might lawfully have been before the making of this adt; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Aecomptant X. And be it alfo further provided and enadted by the autho-whofe receipt rity aforefaid. That this adt, or any thing therein contained, cxceedeth not (hall not in any wife extend to charge any treafurer, receiver, *001*	teller, cuftomer, colledtor or accomptant aforefaid, having any

yearly receipt, (2) nor any their lands, tenements or hereditaments, whofe yearly receipt, colledtion and charge, or whofe whole receipt from the beginning of his charge, is not or hath not been, or hereafter (hall not be, above the fum of three hundred pounds; (3) otherwife or in any other manner and form than he or they might lawfully have been charged before the making of this adt; any thing herein contained to the con* trary thereof notwithftanding.

XI.	And forafmuch as jundry the accountants before-named* namely, The treafurer of the chamber, and cofferer of the bmjhold, of our feud fovereign lady the §ueen, her heirs and fucceffors, treafurers of wars or garrifons, treafurers of the navy, treajurers or receivers of any fums of money for provifion of viftual9 or for fortifications, or for buildings, and majler of the wardrobe, are by order of their offices and charge, after their accounts ended and determined, to dijburfe, expend and defray the debt remaining upon their amounts, in Juch

Accomptants charges as are neceffarily and incidentTy to be [pent and provided in which are not their offices and charges, fo as they are not of fuch fums of money or to make pre- debt remaining upon their account to make pretent payment and Jatis-faaionas other accountants are:

XII.	Be it therefore enadted and ordained by the authority aforefaid, That this adt or any thing therein contained (hall not extend to give any power or authority to make fale of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, for any fuch debt to be fet and adjudged in any of his or their accounts mentioned in this branch, unlefs the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, upon the ending or determining of bis or their accounts (all his or their due petitions to them upon the fame accounts being allowed) require or command prefent payment thereof, or otherwife eftloons require a new account of the fame debt fo fet or remaining in any the accounts mentioned in this branch j and that then the fame debt, or any part thereof, (hall be found to be owing and unexpended in the matters or charges pertaining to any of their faid offices or charges mentioned in this

branch.

/

i57<>-] Anno decimo tertio Elizabeth-®, c.4.	267

branch, and the fame debt remain unpaid by the fpace of fix months after fuch requeft or commandment.

XIII.	Provided alway, That this ad (hall not extend to This ad (hall charge any (heriff, efcheator or-bailiff of liberties, or the lands, tenements or hereditaments of any (heriff, efcheator or bailiff efcheator, or of liberties, nor of any their heirs or afiigns, for any thing bailiff of* touching his or their office of (heriffwick, efcheatorfhip or liberties, bailiffwick, nor for any money by him or them received or

to be received by reafon of any their faid offices, otherwife or in any other manner than he or they might lawfully have . been charged before the making of this ad5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided alfo. That this ad, as touching only the fale of any lands or tenements, (hall not extend to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which any perfon or perfons now

have or enjoy, and have purchafed or obtained bona fide9 and Lands trar-

not being privy or confenting unto any fuch intent to defraud

the Queen’s majefty, as is abovefaid: (2) and that it (hall be*'* *

lawful to every perfon and perfons whofe lands, tenements or

hereditaments, (hall by any office or inquifition be found to be

fraudulently conveyed or allured, as is abovefaid, to have his

or their lawful traverfe, to every fuch office or inquifition; (3)

and if it be found with the party that tendreth the traverie, Any party

that then he (hall have the faid lands out of the Prince’s hands

without any petition, livery or oufler le main, or any other fuit

to be had, made or ufed; (4) and the fame being found for

fuch perfon or perfons fo travelling, the fame lands, tenethents

and hereditaments, (hall be adjudged as not liable, chargeable,

nor to be fold by force of this ftatute.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled. That if the Queen’s If the Queen majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, (hall by any fale of lands by do th® ao* force of this ftatute be fully fatisfied of the debt or arrearages of

any fuch accountant or debtor, or any part thereof, then the fureties (hall fureties of fuch accountant or debtor mall be difcharged of fo be difcharged much of the faid debt, forfeiture and arrearage, as fo (hall be^rfoinudi, fatisfied and for the refidue only (hall be ratably according to their abilities charged; any thing in this or any other ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.	,	•

XVI.	Provided always. That this a<ft, nor any thing therein Certain per-contained, (hall in any wife extend to charge Henry Golding efq; Tons not and Thomas Neale, one of the Queen’s majefty’s auditors, or the cbar|5?bk lands or tenements of either oF them, to whom the Queen’stbls majefty hath demifed any cuftoms, fublidies or impofts, in any

thing only touching the faid demife and leafe, otherwife or in any other manner than they might have been lawfully charged if this a & had never been had or made, except they or either of them do hereafter take any of the profits of the faid fub-fidies, cuftoms or impofts by force of the faid demife; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

dulent aflu-rances. aBulftr. 218

$68	Anno decimo tertio Elizabeth^. c.$,	[1570.

CAP. V.

jb aS againft fraudulent deeds, alienations, &e.

Ffanduleat	the avoiding and abolijbing of feigned, covinous and fratidu-

deeds made to knt feoffments, gifts, grants, alienations, conveyances, bonds, avoid the debtsfuits, judgments and executions, 05 well of lands and tenements as of of others fliall goods and chattels, more commonly ufed and praStftd in thefe days the^nalties	^ettt f€.en ** ^ear^ °f heretofore: (2) which feoffments,

of the parries gXants, alienations, conveyances,	Jidts, judgments	and

to (uch frau- executions, have been and are devifed and contrived of malice, fraud, covin, coVufum or guile, ft the end, purpofe and intent, to delay% hinder or defraud ct editors and others of their juft and lawful aflions, fuits, debts, accounts, damages, penalties, forfeitures, heriots, «wr-Jwri*j	reliefs, not only to the let or hinderance of the dm

courfe and execution of law and juftice, but alfo to the overthrow of all true and plain dealing, bargaining and chevifance between man and man, without the which no commonwealth or civil fociety can be maintained or continued:

AH fraudulent II. Be it therefore declared, ordained and ena&ed by the au-conveyances thority of this prefent parliament. That all and every feoffment, the debtor01 gF311** alienation, bargain an4 conveyance of lands, tene-duty of others ments, hereditaments, goods and chattels, or of any of them, fhaii be void, or of any leafe, rent, common or other profit.or charge out of °7# t*ie fame lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels, or *Lrcif. 9.223. “y °f ^cm, by writing or otherwife, (2) and all and every bond, 2Roll.493. iuit, judgment and execution, at anytime had or made fithence Latch 22».	the beginning of the Queen’s majefty’s reign that now is, or at

*tycr*95» 351. any time hereafter to be had or made, (3) to or for any intent 5 Co* So’.81* or PurP°fe before declared and exprefled, (hall be from hence-- - *	‘	forth deemed and taken (only as againft that perfon or perfons,

his or their heirs, fucceflors, executors, acjminiftrators and af-figns, and every of them, whofe actions, fuits, debts, accounts, a* damages, penalties, forfeitures, heriots, mortuaries and reliefs, by fuch guileful, covinous or fraudulent devices and practices, as is aforefaid, are, (hall or might be in any wife difturbed, hin-dred, delayed or defrauded) to be clearly and utterly void, fru-ftrate and of none effedt; any pretence, colour, feigned confide-ration, exprefling of ufe, or any other matter or thing to the con* traiy notwithftanding.

The forfeiture III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That °f	all and every the parties to fuch feigned, covinous or fraudulent

feoffment, gift, grant, alienation, bargain, conveyance, bonds, pla.i6s. Hob. fuits, judgments, executions and other things before exprefled, 166.	and being privy and knowing of the fame, or any of them; (2)

Dy®1* 3SX* which at any time after the tenth day of June next coming (hall Ctofac 2^0. wittingly and willingly put in ure, avow, maintain, juftify or de-j .270. tge fame> or any of them, as true, Ample, and done, had or made bona fide and upon good confideration; (3) or (hall a-lien or affign any the lands, tenements, goods, leafes or other things before-mentioned, to him or them conveyed as is aforesaid, or any part thereof (4) (hall incur the penalty and forfeiture

s Co. 171.

9 Co. 108. xo Co. 56. Co. Lit. 76. 1 Leon. 47, 308.

Hob. 72.

1570.] Anno dcrimo tertio Elizabethm. c.5.	469

ture of one year's value of the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments, leafes, rents, commons or other profits, of or out of the fame; (5) and the whole value of the faid goods and chattels ; (6) ana alfa fo much money as are or ihall be contained in any fuch covinous and feigned bond; (7) the one moiety Who (hall whereof to be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and (ucceflors, have thefor^ and the other moiety to the party or parties grieved byfuch feign-ed and fraudulent feoffment, gift, grant, alienation, bargain, conveyance, bopds, fuits, judgments, executions, learns, rents, commons, profits, charges and other things aforefaid, to be recovered in any of the Queen’s courts of record by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efliun, protection or wager of law (hall be admitted for the defendant or defeiv. 1 dants; (8) and alfo being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall fuffer imprisonment for one half year without bail or mainprife.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho- Common rarity aforefaid, That whereas fundry common, recoveries of lands, coyenes a-tenements and hereditaments have heretofore been had, and here-frw-after may be had againft tenant in tail, or other tenant of the freehold, the reverfion or remainder, or the right of reverfion or remainder, then bang.in any other perfbn or perfons; (2) that

every fuch common recovery heretofore had, ahd hereafter to he had, of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, Ihall as touching fuch perfon and perfons which then had any remainder or reverfion, or right of remainder or reverfion, and againft the heirs of every of them, ftand, remain and be of fiich like force and effect, and of none other, as the fame fhould have been if this aCt had never been had ne made.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaftesd by the autho- Making an. rity aforefaid. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, ***** whereby (hail not extend to make void any eftate or conveyance, by rea, be^dTn^ay fon whereof any perfon or perfons fhall ufe any voucher in any formedon. writ of Farmedon, now depending or hereafter to he depending,

but that all and every fuch vouchers in any writ of Farmdm (hall ftand and be in like force and effeft, as if this aft had never been had ne made; any thing before in this aft. contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore- Eftate* made faid. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not ex-

tend to any eftate or intereft in lands, tenements, hereditaments, and btnafide! leafes, rents, commons, profits, goods or chattels, haft, made!, conveyed or affined, or hereafter to be had, made, conveyed* or af-iured, which eftate or intereft is or (hall be upon good con-fideration and bam fidt lawfully conveyed or affined to any perfon or perfons, or bodies politick or corporate, not having at the time of fuch conveyance or sflurance to them made, -any manner of notice or knowledge of fuch covin, fraud or col-lufiop as is aforefaid; any thing before mentioned to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

VII.	This aft to endure unto the end. of'the firft feflion of the next parliament. 50 Ed. 3. c. 6. 2 R. 2. flat. 2. t. 3. 3 H. 7. t. 4. made perpetual by 29 Eliz. t. 5. Sei 27 EHz. t. 4.

2	CAP.

Anno decimo tertio Elizabeths. c. 6.	[1570*

C A R VI.

An aft that the exemplification or Conftat of letters patents Jhall be as good and available as the letters patents them-fishes.

FOR the avoiding of aU fuch doubts, quefiions and ambiguities, as heretofore have rijen and been moved, and of fuch as hereafter might rife and be moved, in and upon the ftatute made in the parliament begun and bolden at Weftminfter the fourth day of November in the tbtrdyear of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, intituled. An adt concerning grants and gifts made by patentees out of letters patents* and for a due and full fupply of all fuch wants as may be thought to be therein:

II.	Be it enadted and declared by the authority1 of this prefent parliament* That all and every patentee and patentees* their heirs, fucceflors, executors and aftims, and all and every other perfon and perfbns* having by or from them, or any or them, or under their title, any eftate or intereft, of, in or to any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any other thing whatfbever, to fuch patentee or patentees heretofore granted by any letters patents, either of the moil famous princes. King Henry the Eighth, (haU^eof th'e Edward the Sixth, Queen Mary, King Philip and Queen lame force as Mary, or by any of them, or by the Queen's mod excellent the letters pa. majefty that now- is, at any time (ithence the fourth day of Fe-tents them- bruary in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of the laid late 5CJo.8* King Henry the Eighth, or elfe by the Queen's majefty that Co.Lit.zz5,b* now is, her heirs or fucceftbrs, at any time hereafter to be grant-* ed, (hall and may at all times hereafter in any of the Queen’s highnefs courts, her.heirs and fucceflors, or elfewhere, by the authority of this prefent adt, make and convey, and be allowed and fuflfered to make and convey, #to and for him, them and e-very of themfelves, fuch claim or title by way of declaration, plaint, avowry, bar, replication, or other pleading whatfoever, as well againft the Queen's highnefs, her heir$ and fucceftbrs, and every of them, as againft all and every other perfon and perfons whatfoever, for or concerning the lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other things whatfoever, fpecified and contained in any fuch letters patents, or of, for or concerning any part or parcel thereof, by (hewing forth an exemplification or conftat tinder the great feal of England of the enrollment of the fame letters patents, or of fo much thereof as (hall and may ferve to or for fuch title, claim or matter, the fame letters patents' then being and remaining in force, not lawfully furrendred nor cancelled, for or concerning fo mudh and fuch part and parcel of fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other thing whereun-to fuch title or claim (hall be made, as if the fame letters patents felf were pleaded arid (hewed forth; any law, ufage, or other thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding. Co.pla. 541.

A (apply of the ftatute of 3&+Ed.6. c.4.

An exempli-

CAP.

i $70*] Anno detimo tertio EuzabeThas, c.7.	271.

CAP. VII.

An all touching orders for bankrupts.

170RASMUCH as notwithjlanding the JiatuU made againji Who is a bankrupts in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of our late five- bankrupt, reign lord King Henry the Eighth, thofe kind of per Jons have and do fill increafe into great and excejfive numbers, and are like more to do, body, lands ' iffotne better provifion be not made for the reprejfion of them, and for and goods (hall a plain declaration to be made and fet forth, who is ana ought to be ta- be ordered for ken and deemed for a bankrupt: (2) therefore be it enacted and e- P^n«“tofrtie ftablifhed by the authority of this prefent parliament That ^ 34&35H. 8. any mo-chant or other perfon, ufing or exercifmg the trade of c.4. merchandize by way of bargaining, exchange, rechange, bartry, *Inft *77* chevifance, or otherwife, in grofc or by retail, (3)or teeming his or her trade of living by buying and felling, (4) and being fub- fltalVbs je<& bom of this realm, or of any the Queen’s dominions, or raid a bank-denizen, (5) fithence the firft day of this prefent parliament rupt. hath, or at any time hereafter (hall depart the realm; (6) or x jaC t. c. f ^ begin to keep his or her boufe or houles, or otherwife to ab- 21 jac.i.c. 19. fent him or herfelf; (7) or take fan&uary; (8) or fuffer him or 5Gco*l*c-herfelf willingly to be arrefted for any debt or other thing, not grown or due for money delivered, ware fold, or any other juft or lawful caufe, or good confideration or purposes, (9) hath or will fuffer him or herfelf to be outlawed, or yield him or herfelf to prifon, or depart from his or her dwelling-houfe or houfes,

(10) to the intent or purpofe to defraud or hinder any of his or her creditors, being alfo a fubjeft-born as is aforefaid, of the juft debt or duty of fuch creditor or creditors, (hall be reputed, deemed and taken for a bankrupt.

II.	And be it enadled by tne authority aforefaid, That th$ The lord lord chancellor oi England, of lord keeper of the great feal of	-

England, for the time being, upon every complaint made to him aconuSffioa in writing, againft any fuch perfon or perfons being bankrupt to take order as is before defined, fhall have full power and authority by com* for bankrupts million under the great feal of England, to name, affign and apT point fuch wife and honeft difereet perfons as to him fhall feem ThefuXwlty good: (2) who or the moft part of them, by virtue of this adt of the com-and of fuch commiifion, fhall have full power and authority to miflloners. take by their diferetions fuch order and direction with the body % and bodies of fuch perfon wfierefoeyer he or (he may be had, ’ c* * either in his or her houfe or houfes, fan&uary or elfewhere, as well by imprifonment of his or her body or bodies; (3) as alfo with all his or her lands, tenements, hereditaments, as well copy or cuftomary hold as freehold, which he or (he (hall have in his or her own right before be or (he became bankrupt; (4) and alfo with all fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, as fuch perfon fhall have purchafed, or obtained for money or other re^ compence, jointly with his wife, children or child, to the only ufe of fuch offender or offenders (5) or of or for fuch ufe, intereft, right or title as fuch offender or offenders then -fhall have in the fame, which he or (he may lawfully depart

withal;

*72	Anno	decirao	tertio Elizabeths. c.7.	[1570-

withal; (6) or with any perfon or perfons of truft to any fecret ufe of fuch offender or offenders; (7) and alfo with his or her money, goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes and debts, where-foever they may be found or known; (8) and tirafe the faid lands, tenements, fees, annuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes and debts to be fearched, viewqd, rented and ap* The commif- praifed to the beft value they may; (9) and by deed indented, feUbuikru^ts *nrQ^c^ *n 0,16	*c Qpcen^ majefty’s courts or record, to make

brndsTgool^	lands, tenements and hereditaments, and of all

&c.	*	deeds,	writings	and	evidences touching only the lame, belong*

March y6. ing to fuch offender or offenders, debtor or debtors; and alfo of all fees, annuities, offices, goods and chattels; (io) or other* wife t6 order the fame for true fatisfaftion and payment of the faid creditors; that is to fay, to every of the faid creditors a portion, rate and rate like, according to the quantity of bis or their debts: (n) and that every direction, order, bargain, lale and other things done by the laid perfons lb authorifed as is afore* Againf^ what faid, in form afore&id, (hall be good and effectual in the law, cornrnWionerst0 *rtrents> conftruftions and purpofes, againft the faid of-fate of a bank- fender or offenders, debtor or debtors, his or their wife or wives, rupt's lands, heir or heirs, child and children, and fuch perfon and perfons §1°^bc&C *1 as fuch joint purchafe with the faid offender or offenders as able. aVai" *s aforefaid have or fhall have any eftate or intereft in the pre-% Co* 25. mifles; (12) and againft all other perfon or perfons claiming by, Cro. Car. 149. from or under fuch offender or offenders, debtor or debtors, by Hob. 2*7. any aft or afts had, made or done after any fuch perfon fhall become bankrupt as is aforefaid; (13) and alfo againft the lords of the manors,^ whereof the faid copyhold or cuftomary lands been holden, .their heirs, fucceflors and affigns, and'every of them.

Vendees of	III. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-

That all and every perfon or perfons, to whom any pound with the	copyhold dr cuftomary lands or tenements (hall be

lord of the	made,. (hall before fuch time as they or any of .them fhall enter

manor for	or take any profit of the fame lands or tenements; agree and

fi®** compound with the lords of the manors of whom the fame fhall be holden, for fuch fines or incomes as heretofore hath been mod ufiial and accuftomed to be yielded or paid therefore: (2) and that upon every fuch agreement or compofition, the faid lords for the time being, at the next court to be holden at or for the faid manors, fhall not only grant unto the faid vendee or vendees upon requeft, the fame copy or cuftomary lands or tenements by copy of court-roll of the lame manors tor fuch eftate or interfift as to them fhall he fo fold, and referving the antient rents, cuftoms and fervices, but alfo in the fame court admit them tenants of the fame copy or cuftomary lands, as other copyholders of the fame manors have been wont to be admitted, and to receive their fealty accordingly.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. by the authority a-declare to the forefaid. That fuch of the faid cotnmiffioners as fhall put the bankrupt how faid commiffion in execution, (hall upon lawful requeft to them

made

157°.J	Anno decimo tertio Elizabeths, c.y.	273

made by the faid bankrupts, not oiily make a true declaration thcyMvc.be5* to the fame bankrupt, of the employing and beftowing of their °^dK^Jgand, faid lands, tenements, offices, fees, goods, chattels and debts 6 fo paid and (atisfied to their faid creditors, but alfo make payment of the overplus of the fame, if any fuch (hall be, to the (aid bankrupts, their executors, adminiftrators or alflgns.

V.	And be it further enacted by authority aforefaid, That The remedy if after any fuch aft or offence committed, ana complaihf there- wrh^f8°of# of made to the faid commiffioners fo to be appointed as is afore- bankrupts be faid, or the more part of them, by any party grieved as is a-in the hands forefaid, concerning the premises, knowing, luppofing or fuf- of others, pefting any of the goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes or

debts of fuch offender or offenders, debtor or debtors, to be in the cuftody, ufe, occupying, keeping or pofleffion of any perfon or perfons, or any perfon or perfons to be indebted fd any fuch offender or offenders, do make relation thereof to the faid commiffioners fo to be appointed or the more part of them; that then the faid commiffioners, or the moft part of them,

(hall by virtue hereof and of the faid commiffion have full power and Authority to fend for and call before them by fuch pro-cefs, ways or means as they (hall think convenient by their dif-cretions, all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo known, fuf-pefted or fuppofed to have any fuch goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes or debts in his or their cuftody, ufe, occupation, keeping or pofleffion, or fuppofed or fufpefted to be indebted to fuch offender or offenders; (2) and upon their appearance to * examine them and every of them, as well by their oaths as o-therwife, by fuch ways and means as the faid commiffioners or the more part of them by their diferetions (hall think meet and convenient, for and upon the fpecialty, certainty, true declaration and knowledge of all and (ingular fuch goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes and debts of any fuch offender or offenders, as be fuppofed or fufpefted to be in his or their cuftody, ufe, occupation or pofleffion, and all fuch debts as by them or any of them (hall be fuppofed or fu(pefted to be owing to any fuch offender or offenders.

VI.	And if any fuch perfon or perfons upon fuch examina-Tbepenaltyof tion do not difclofe and plainly declare, and (hew the whole fuchasbetxa-truth of fuch things as he or they (hall be examined of concern-

ing the premifles to his knowledge, or do deny to fwear; then truth, or re. every fuch perfon or peilons fo denying to fwear, or being exa- fufe to fwear. mined do not declare the plain and whole truth concerning the premifles, upon due proof thereof to be made before the faid commiffioners, or the more part of them fo to be appointed as , Jac. i. c. 15. is aforefaid, by witnefs, examination or otherwife, as to the f. 10. faid commiffioners or the more pdrt of them (hall feem fufficient in that behalf, , (hall lofe and forfeit double the value of all fuch goods, chattels, wares, merchandifes and debts by them or a-ny of them fo concealed, and not wholly and plainly declared and (hewed: (2) which forfeiture (hall be levied by the faid Hpw commiffioners or the more part of them, of the lands, tene-ments, hereditaments, goods and chattels of fuch perfon fo de- employ'd. Vox.. VI.	T	•	nying

274	Anno dedmo tertio Elizabeths, c.7,	[1570.

nying to (wear, or not difelofing the whole truth *a9 i& aforefaid, by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner and form, as is before limited and appointed for the principal offender or offenders, debtor or debtors; (3) and the fame forfeiture or forfeitures to be diftributcd or employed to and for the fatisfa&ion and payment of the debts of the faid creditor or creditors, in fuch like manner, rate and form, aa is before declared concerning the ordering of the lands and tenements, offices, fees, goods and chattels of fuch offender or offenders, debtor or debtors, as is aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enaAed, That if at any time before or after that any fuch perfon or perfons departeth the realm, or (hall keep his or their houfe or houfes, or otherwife abfent him or themfelves, or take fan&uary, or fuffer him or themfelves to be arrefted, outlawed, or yield his or their bodies to prifon as is aforefaid, any perfon or perfons do fraudulently by covin or collufion, claim, demand, recover, poflefs or detain any debts, duties, goods, chattels, lands or tenements, by writing, tnrftor otherwife, which were or (hall be due, belonging or, appertaining to any fuch offender or offenders, other than fuch as he or they can and do prove to be due by right and confidence in form a-forefaid for money paid, wares delivered, or other juft consideration or caufe reafonable, to the juft value thereof, before the faid commiflioners lb to be appointed, or the more part of them, as is aforefaid, and the fame to proceed bona fide, without fraud or covin: That then every fuch perfon or perfons fo craftily demanding, claiming, having, poffeffing or detaining any fuch debt, duty or other thing as is aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe double as much as he or they (hall fo claim, demand, detain or poffefs; which faid forfeiture (hall be levyed, recovered and employed in manner and form as is afore rehearfed.

How the for- VIII. Provided alio, and be it ena&ed by the authority a-feitures (hall forefaid, That if it (hall fortune the creditors of any fuch bank-

aSeTthebalk ruP* as ls a^orefa^» to k* fatisfied and paid off their debts rupt*« debts beduties of or with the proper lands, tenements, goods, paid.	chattels	and	debts	of	the faid bankrupts, or of or with the fame

and fome part of the forfeitures of the faid double values to be forfeited as is aforefaid, and that there (hall remain an overplus of the faid forfeitures of the faid double values; that then the one moiety of the faid overplusof thefaid forfeitures of the double values fo remaining (hall be by the faid commiflioners fo executing the faid commiflion, within convenient time after the leyyingthereof, paid unto the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuc-celtors; and the other moiety thereof fhall be by the faid commif-fioners 'employed and diftributed to and amongft the poor within the hofpitals in every city, town or county, where any fuch bankrupt fhall happen to be; any thing in tnis a St to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by authority aforefaid. That if A remedy a- any fuch perfon or perfons which is or fhall be indebted, do of purpofe withdraw him or themfelves out of or from his or their

A remedy a-gainft them who detain the goods of bankrupts.

*57°0 Anno dedmo tertio Elizabeth^ c.7.	275

ufuai imnfionhoufe.or houfes; that then upon complaint there- himfelf from of made to the faid commiffioners, haying authority as is afore- hJL?*weUin*~ laid) the (acne commiffioners or the more part of them (hall by * c* virtue and authority of this prsfent aft have full power and an-thority to award five proclamations to be made in the Queen’s name, upon five fuodry market-days, in fuch places near the place where fuch bankrupt hath mot commonly dwelled or made his abode, commanding him or them by the .fame proclamation in the Queen’s name, .to return with all canvenientfpeed, and to yield his or their body before the faid commiffioners having authority as is aforefaid, or one of them, at fuch rime and place as by the faid proclamation (hall be appointed: (2). and if the faid Tbepenaltyof perfon do not according to fuch proclamation, repair and yield * bankrupt his or their body as is aforefaid, that then the body of all and ??* r®!*?* every fuch offender or offenders ihallbeadjudged,takenanddeem- pj^iamation, ed, to all intents and purpofes, out of the Queen’s prote&ion: and of fuch 9 (3) and that aife every perfon and perfons that (hall willingly as do hide or and wittingly help to hide or convey, or (hall willingly and wit- pec2v»him* tingly receive, detain or keep Secretly, any perfon or perfons fo tm * / *3*# demanded by proclamation, as is aforefaid, fhall fuffer fuch pains by impriibnment of his or their bodies, or pay fuch fine to our fovereign lady thcQueen’s majefty, her.heirs and fucceflbrs, as to the laid lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal (being informed thereof by the commiffioners fo to be appointed, as is aforefaid, or the more part of them) fhalLfoem meet and convenient for their faid offence or offences,

X,	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if the a remedy for creditors of any fuch offender or offenders, debtor or debtors, the creditor if which fo do depart the realm, keep his or their houfe or houfes,. or otherwife abfent or withdraw him or themfelves into places unknown, or take fanftuary, or will fuffer him or themfelves to be arrefted or outlawed, or yield his or their bodies into prifon purpofely and for the caufes aforefaid, be not fully fatisfied, or otherwife contented for riieir debts and duties, by the ways and means before fpecified and declared: that then the faid creditor or creditors, and every of them, fhall and may have their remedy for the recovery and levying of the refidue of their faid debts or duties whereof they fhall not be folly fatisfied, paid or ofter-wife contented in form aforefaid, agaiim the faid offender or offenders, in like manner and form as they fhould and might have had before the making of this aft: (2) and that the faid creditor or creditors, and every of them, fhall be only barred and excluded by virtue of this aft, of and for every fach part and portion of the laid debts and duties as (hall be paid, fatisfied, diftributed or delivered unto him or them, by order of the faid perfons, as is a-forefaid, and of no more portion or parcel thereof; any thing herein fpecified that may be taken or conftrued to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL Provided always, and be it alfo enafted by the authority Lands, &c.ex-aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons which is or fhall be pub- tendabiewbicb lifted and declared to be a bankrupt by virtue of this aft, fhall b« purchafcd, at any rime after purchafe any lands, tenements, hereditaments,or dadeteead

T 2	free

2j6	Anno decimo tertio Elizabeths, c.8.	Tx57o.

to a bask-	free or copy, offices, fees, goods or chattels : (2)	Or that any

So’c 62 fends, tenements, hereditaments, free or copy, offices, fees, Cro‘ ar*5 * goods or chattels, (hall defcend, revert or by any means come to any fuch perfonor perfons, being bankrupts as is afbrefaid, before fuch time as their debts due to their creditors (hall be fully fatisfied and paid, or-otherwife agreed for; (3) that then the faid lands, tenements, hereditaments, as well nee as copy, offices, fees, goods and chattels, (hall by virtue of this aft, by the laid commiftioners to be appointed, as is aforefaid, or the more part of them, be bargained, fold, extended, delivered and ufed for and towards the payment-of the laid creditors, in fuch like manner and form as other the lands, tenements, hereditaments, free or copy, offices, fees, goods and chattels of the faid bankrupts, which they had when they were declared firft to be bankrupts, Ihould or might have been bargained, fold, dif-pofed or ufed by virtue of this aft.

Lands convey- XII. Provided always. That tbis aft (hall not extend to any ed away be- lands, tenements or hereditaments, free or copyhold, which ^omeCffi heretofore have been allured by any fuch bankrupt, or here-nipt. * after (hall be allured by any bankrupt before he become bank-Moor 594. pi. rapt: So always that fuch aflTurance be made bona fide, and not *°r a	to	the bankrupt himfelf onlyi or of his heirs : (2)

a Co. so.	And that the parties to whole ufe fuch affiirance hath or (hall be

made, be not at or before the making of fuch affiirance, privy or contenting to the fraudulent purpofe of any fuch bankrupt, to deceive his creditors. 21 Jac. 1. c. 19.

CAP VIII.

An aft againjt ufury.

The ftatute of H E R E A S in the parliament holden the /even and thirtieth revVed C’<T * *	°f the reign of our late fovereign lord King Henry the

theftatuteTof Eighth, of famous memory, there was then made and Tftablijhed one 5 & 6 Ed. 6. good aft for the reformation of ufury: By which aft the vke^ of ufury c. so. repealed; was well repreffed, and efpecially the corrupt chevifance and bargaining both which fry way 0j* fa\e	wam<i and Jhifts of intereji ? And where ftnce that

gaSk^luryt"* t*me ^ one ot^er ma^e tn fifo an^yearS °f re*$n °f

&c.	*	our late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, theJfaid former aft

3	Inft. 151.	was repealed, and new provifoes for reprejjing of ufury devifed and

% Roll. *40. enafted: Which faid latter aft hath not done Jo much good as was hoped it Jhould, but rather the faid vice of ufury, and efpecially by way of fate of wares and Jhifts of interejt, hath much, more exceedingly abounded, to the utter undoing of many gentlemen, merchants, occupiers and others, and to the importable hurt of the common wealth, (2) as well for that in the faid later aft there ts no provijion againji fuch corrupt Jhifts andfates of wares, as alfo for that there is no difference of pain, forfeiture or punijhment upon the greater or lejfer exaftims and oppremons by reafon of loans upon ufury:

The ftatute of II. Be it therefore enafted. That the faid later ftatute made 5 & 6 Ed. 6. in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King Edward the and dttftat of ^xt^* and every branch and article of the fame, from and after - 37 h. 8. c. 9. the five and twentieth day of June next coming, (hall be utterly revived.	abrogated,

*77

157°*] Anno decimo tertio Elizabeths, c. 8.

abrogated, repealed and made void : (a) And that the faid late aft made in the laid feven and thirtieth year of King Henry the Eighth, from and after the faid five and twentieth day of June next coming, (hall be revived and ftand in full force, ftrertgth and effect.

III.	And be it further enadted, That all bonds, contrails All eontra&s and aflurances, collateral or other, to be made for payment

any principal or money to be lent, (2) or covenant to be per- £ in^e ** formed upon or for any ufury in lending or doing of any thing too l, (hall be againft the faid adt now revived, (3) upon or by which loan or referred, Audi doing there (hall be referved or taken above the rate of ten pounds for the hundred for one year, (hall be utterly void. Hetley

IV.	And be it further enadted, That all brokers, folidtors RaftTes// and drivers of bargains for contrails or other doings againft die The penalty faid ftatute now revived, whereupon (hall be referved or taken of brokertand more than after the rate of ten pounds for the loan of one hun- riousSu-gaini dred pound for a year, (hall be to all intents and purpofes judged, Co. Entrf+js. punithed and ufed as councilors, attojmies or advocates in any

cafe of pramunire.

V.	And forafmuch as aO ufury, being forbidden by the law of God, Hethat taketh is fin and detefiable, (2) be it enadted, That all ufury, loan and wlefefor forbearing of money, or giving days for forbearing of money, JO£uhallfor-by way of loan, chevilance, (hifts, fale of wares, contradls or feittheinte-other doings whatfoever, for gain, mentioned in the faid ftatute, reft only, which is now revived, whereupon is not referved or taken, or covenanted to be referved, paid or given to the lender, contracted (frifter, forbearer or deliverer, above the fum of ten pound

for the loan or forbearing of a hundred pound for one year, or after that rate for a more or lefler fum or time, (hall be from the five and twentieth day of June next coming puniihed in form following; that is to fay. That every fuch offender againft this branch of this prefent ftatute, (hall forfeit fo much as (hall be referved by way of ufury above the principal, for any money fo to be lent or forborn: (3) All fuch forfeitures to be recovered and employed as is limited for forfeitures by the faid former ftatute now revived.

VI.	And be it further enadted. That juftices of oyer and de- whatmagi-terminer, and juftices of a (fife in their circuits, juftices of peace ftrates may in their feflions, mayors, (heriffs and bailiffs of cities, (hall al- hear and de-fo have full power and authority to inquire, hear and determine offices afore-of all and lingular offences committed againft the faid ftatute fad.

now revived.

VII.	And be it further enadted. That the (aid ftatute now re- The ftatute of • vived (hall be mod largely and ftropgly conftrued for the re- 37 H. s. c. 9.

preffing of ufury, and againft all perfons that lhall offend againft ^e^rone! the true meaning of the faid ftatute, by any way or device, di- for the repre£ redtly or indiredtly.	ling of ufury,

VIII.	Provided alway. That this ftatute doth not extend, nor (hall be expounded to extend unto any allowances or payments Ipr the finding of orphans, according to the ancient rates or

T 3	cuftoms

cuftoms of fhe city of London, or any ether city where like order is for the cuftody of orphsms and their goods, as is in the faid city of London.

In what cafe IX* Provided always, and be it farther enabled by the aotho-*“ f^cC rity af°refatd. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after punifted by	®ve	an<* twentieth day of June^ offend contrary to the

the ecckn/fti- faid ftatute revived by this prefent a&, made in the feven and cal l?w, thirtieth year of die reign of the faid kite King Henry the Eighth;

that then all and every fach offender and offenders fhafi and may aHb be punifhed and corre&ed, according to the ecclefiafti-cal laws heretofore made againft ufury: (2) And that all and every perfon and perfons offending in ulury, ftlifts, or ehevi-fsnce, againft this prefent ad, and not taking or receiving, but only after the rate of ten pounds in the hundred or under for a year, (hall be only puniftied by the pains and forfeitures provided and appointed by this ad, againft fach as (hall not take or receive over and above the rate of ten pounds in the hundred for a year, and not otherwife. (3) This ad to continue and endure for and during the fpace ot five years next after the end of this prefent parliament, and from thence unto the end of die firft feffion of the parliament then next enfuing.

X.	And be it farther enaded by die .authority aforefirid. That if this prefent ad (hall not be continued in.dse firft feffion of the parliament next enfuing the faid term of five years, and then in the (amefeflion no* other ftatuteor provifion madeagamft ufury or corrupt chevifance; that then all and every the laws and ftatutes repealed by this ad (hall remain and be of fach like force and effed as if this prefent ad had never been had ne made. 21 Jac. 1. c. 17. made perpetual by 39 Eliz. e. 18. V. 12. An.Jlat. 2. c. 16.

CAP. IX.

«&*Ed. 6. t. 8.

Stat. *3 H. 8 c. 5

An aft for the commffton of fewer

FOrafmuch as no commijjion of fewers> by the efiafutes heretofore made, may have continuance above the fpace of five years: £2) Be it therefore enaded by the Queen's mod excellent maje-fty, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from henceforth all and every com-miflion and commiflions of fewers now (landing in force, or A commifllon that hereafter (hall be granted and made, (hall (laud and con-oJ’ fewers^fliall t5nue jn force for the tcrm 0f t$n years next enfuing the date of ye2rs”UC fcCA every fudi commiflron, unlefs the fame cominiffion or commif-fions be or hereafter (hall be repealed or determined by reafon of any new commilfion in that behalf made, or by Juperfedeas : (3; And that all fach laws, ordinances and conftitutions as be or fhall be duly made by force of any fach commiflion, ac-The order* of cording to the tenor and effect limited in any former ftatute thelommifli- heretofore made touching commifiion or commiflions of fewers, JhatTbe 0fWers and being written in parchment indented, and under the feals of force without the (aid commiflioners, or fix of them (whereof the one part ♦Se certificate	ftiall

I57<**1 Anno dtcimo ttrdo Elizabeths. 0.9.	279

Ihall rechain With the clerk appointed and to be appointed for of them orthe the commiffioh of fewers for the tiihe being, and the other part royal afloat, in fuch place as the fame commiflSonefs, or fix of them, mall order and appoint) (hall, without any certificate thereof to be made into the court of diaticery, and without the royal aflent to the fame had, (tend and continue in fid! force and effect not-withftandingany deterihinatioh of any fuch commiflion by fu-perfidies, until fuch time as the feme laws, confutations and ordinance* (hall be altered, repealed or made void by the cokn-tniffiotters after to be affigned and appointed, for fewer$ in thofe parts Where the'lathe laws, ordinances and conftitutions were made, ordained and conftituted, or by fit of diem.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That

at all times from add after the end and expiration of the term of orders ten years next enfuipg thie date or tefie of any commiflion of (hall continue fewers hereafter to be made, all fuch laws, ordinances and con- one year, . dilutions, as were made by virtue of any fuch commiflion, and	jw

written in parchment indented and fealed as is above-mentioned, empire. 011 without certificate thereof, or the aflent royal to the feme had, as is aforefeid, (hall, notvrithftanding the determination of any Fuch commiflion by the expiration of the term of ten years next enftung the date of any fuch commiflion of fewers, like-wife continue in force for and by the fpace of one whole year then next enfuing: (a) Ahd that the juftices of peace in the Thc juftfcWjOf fhire and (hiits where the fame laws, ordinances and conftitu-	exe*

lions are to be executed within their feveral cotamiflions or li- cute the commits, or fix of them, whereof tWo to be of the quorum, (hall miffion of have power and authority, by the fpace of one whole year next fcvrer8* unlef* after the expiration of every fuch commiflion, to execute the fion'be^auu fame laws, ordinances and conftitutions, and every of them, ctjr • as fully and in as ample manner and form as the commiflioners, or any of them, named and appointed in every or any commif-fkm fo expired, might or (hould Have done, to all intents and purpofes as if the laid commiflion or commiflions had coi>tU jnued in force.

III.	Provided always, and be it neverthelefs enadled, That if any new commiflion of fewers (hall be made within the faid year, that then immediately from and after fuch commiflion newly made and publiihed, the power of the faid juftices of the peace and every of them, in any wife concerning the execu-r tion of any fuch laws, ordinances and conftitutions of fewerfc,

(hall utterly ceafe; any thing or things in this adt to the con-traiy exprelfed in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enadfced, That no fanner or farmers A farmer of for term of years, of any manors, lands or tenements, lyingh.frgc‘r pr being within the precindts or limits of any fuch commiflion £e \ CQam

or fewers, which be or hereafter may be ordered and chargeable fioner within by any laws, ordinances^ conftitutions made or to be made by the fame pre* virtue of any fuch commiflion, wherein he or they (hall be cin^* named or appointed commiflioner or commiflioners, not having of freehold within th<e realm of England of or in manors,

T 4	%	lands

zZo	Anno dccimo tertio Euzabetile, c.io. [1570.

lands or tenements, of the yearly value of forty pounds, fhall at any time hereafter have power to fit, or in any wife intermeddle with the execution of fuch commiflion or commiflions, during the time be or they fhall continue or be fuch farmer or farmers of any fuch manors, lands or tenements, and fhall not haye eftatp of freehold, as is aforefaid; (2) but thatevery fuch commiflion, as having refpe& only to every fuch perfop or per-fons for fuch and fo long time as he or they (hall fo he anA continue farmer or farmers of any fuch manors, lands or tenements, fhall be deemed and adjudged in law to be as void and of none effedt; any thing in the fame commiflion, or any flatute or law heretofore made, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Tbevt fhall be V. And oe it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no certificate frodi henceforth the faid commflioners, por any of them, fhall n°t be compelled or compellable to make any certificate or re-on, * turn pf the laid commiflions, or any of them, or of any their s I^v. 288. ordinances, laws or doings, by the authority of any the faid ? Vent.66,67. commiflions, nor fhall nop have any fine, pain or amercfa-■ ment fet upon them, or any of them, or any ways to be mor lifted in body, lands or gopds, for that caufe,

VI.	And yet neverthdefs, to the intent the Queen’s majefty our fovereign lady, her heirs and fucceflors, may at all times hereafter be truly anfwered of all fuch iflues, fines and amerciaments,' as ffiall happen, grow or be forfeited by virtue of any Tuch commiflion, or by the execution thereof: (2) Be it aifo The fines and enabled. That the clerk and clerks appointed, and hereafter to appointed, for and in any fuch commiflion and commiflions ed into the ' of (ewers, fhall yearly truly eftreat all the laid iflues, fines, pe-ex^hequer. jialties, forfeitures and amerciaments, that fhall be due and an-fwerable tp her Highnefe, her heirs and fucceflors; (3) and the fame eflrpats fhall yearly deliver into the court of the exchequer at fuch time and times, apd in fuch manner and form, as juf-tices jafligned ^tp and for the confervation of the peace in any wife fhould or ought to do by virtue of their commiflion, (4) Upon pain to forfeit to our fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs and fucceflors, for every default in that behalf made, five pounds. In what cafe a VII. Provided always; That it fhall be lawful for any com-farmer of xpiflioner, being alfo a farmer, and not having lands and te-ablemay b^a	to	the	clear yearly value of forty pounds of freehold,

commiflioner. to fit by virtue of the faid commiflion, and have his voice and .	full authority with others to make and eftablijfh ordinances for

fewers, according to the tenor of the commiflion, touching and concerning all lands and tenements within the precindt of every fuch commiflion, other than fuch lands and tenements as he or they, for the time being, hold and enjoy as farmer, as he or they might have done before the making of this flatute; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. 3 Jac, ‘i.f. 14.

CAP.

28i

CAP. X.

Fraudulent deeds made by fpiritual perfons to defeat their fuccejfors of remedy for dilapidations* Jhall be void, &£.

WHERE divers andfundry eccleftafticalperfons of this realm, Wrongs and being endowed and pojfejfed of ancient palaces* manfion-houfes* frauds Praeti-and other edifices and buildings* belonging to their ecckfusftical bene- ^clc^afticaT fices or livings* have of late years* not only fujfered the fame for want perfons. of due reparations partly to run to great ruin and decay9 and in fome Hob. 84. part utterly to fall down to the ground* converting the timber* lead * Roll. 1*9. and (tones to their own benefit and commodity; (2) but alfo have made deeds of gift, colourable alienations* and other conveyances of like ef-	I

feft* of their goods and chattels in their lives-time* to the intent and • of purpofe* after their deaths* to defeat and defraud their fuccejfors of fufb juft actions and remedies as otherwife they might and Jhould have bad for the fame agmnft their executors or adminifirators of their goods* by the laws eccleftaftical of this realm, (3) to the great defacing of the Jtate ecclefia/hcm* and intolerable charges of their fuccejfors* and evil precedent and example for others* tf Jpeedy remedy be not provided:

II.	Be it therefore enabled by the Queen’s mod excellent ma- H the fuc_ jefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in ceffor ^all ~ this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the have remedy fame. That if any archhHhop, bifliop, dean, archdeacon, pro-vofr, treafurer, chaunter, chancellor, prebendary, or any other having any dignity or office in any cathedral or collegiate church dulent deed to within this realm $ (2) or if any parfon, vicar, or other incum- defeat him for bent of any eccleftaftical living whereunto do belong any houfe dilapidations, or houfes, or other buildings, which by law or cuftom he is	,f*

bound to keep, and maintain in reparation ; (3) do from hence- ,* Leon. 307. forth make any deed or deeds of gift or alienation, or other like conveyances of his moveable goods or chattels, to the intent and purpofe aforefaid ; that then the iucceffor and fuqceflors of him that (hall make fuch deed or deeds of gift or alienation, (hall and may commence fuit, and have fuch remedy in any court ec-. cleliaftical of this realm competent for the matter againft him or \ them to whom fuch deed or deeds of gift,or alienation lhall be fo made, for the amendment and reparation of fo much of the faid dilapidations and decays, or juft recompence for the fame, as hath happened by his fa6t or default, (4) in fuch fort as he might,

(hould or ought lawfully to have, if he or they to whom luch deed or deeds of gift or alienation (hall be fo made, were executor or executors of the teftamentand laft will of him that made fuch deed or deeds of gift pr alienation, or were admi- • niftrator or adminifirators pf his goods or ^chattels;«any law, cufiom or other thing to the contrary ip any wife notwitmfauid-ing-

III.	And for that long and unreafonable leafes made by colleges* * Roll* iyt, deans and chapters* parfonsr vicars, and other having fpiritual pro- *6^ol]7*‘6 motions, be the chiefejl (aufes of the dilapidations and the decay of all ^ h

• fpiritual 405, 408*.

iSi

What conveyances, and tor what time fpi-ritual perfons may make of their bunds, tithes, &c. a Bulftr. 305. Moor 593. pi. Soft.

No new leafe to be made im-leiitbefirftex-ptres,&c with, three years, itc.

iSEliz. c. ii«

£ 1. by

34EI1Z. c. ii. £17, &c. not to intend to Uafes of bou-and which art otherwife provided jar by that jlatute. 129. a Co. 46. Goldfb. 171. &c. 14 Eliz. c.

Leafes limited by the private ftatutesof any college.

New leifes made upon the furrender of old, or former covenants.

' 1 And. 65. Hob. 7. a Roll. 401, 4»J-

4 Co. no.

3 Co. 14.

Anno dedmoratio Elizabeths, c.ii. £ i570.

Jpiritual livings and bofpitality, and ibe utter impeveri/bing of at ■fiuctffors incumbents in the fame(2) fie it ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That from henceforth all leafes, gaffes, grants, feoffments, conveyances or eflates, to be made, had, done or fuffered (3) by any matter and fellows of any college, dean and chapter of any cathedral or collegiate church, mailer or guardian of any hospital, fnrfoii, vicar, or any other having any Spiritual ot ecdefiaftical living, or any houfes, lands, tithes, tenements or other hereditaments, being any parcel of the pof-feffions of any fuch college, cathedral church, chapter, hofpi-tal, paribnage, vicarage or other fyititual promotion, or any ways appertaining or belonging to the feme, or any of them, to any p^rfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, (4) (other than for the term of one and twenty years, or three lives, from the time as any fuch leafs or grant (hall be made or granted, whereupon the accuftomed yearly rent or more (hall be referved and payable yearly during the laid term) {•;) fhall be utterly void and of none effect, to all intents, cotiftrudtiqns and pur-pofes j any law, cuftom or ufege to die contrary any ways not-WithftancKag.

i Mod. 104. Cro.-El. 430. Cro. Car. 259. Vaugh. 204. 4. Co. 16. Sav3 f Co. 77. 11 Co. *7. a Mod. 56. Co. Lie. 44. a. b. Moor 459. pi. 636. pi. ioft. 1 JBrowjnl. iSa. % Co. 70. Hob. 269. dednttd to intinde Btde-bmfcj, 14*

IV.	Provided nevcrthelefs, and be it enacted by the authority afotefoid, That this tuft, nor any thing therein contained, mall be takeA or cohftrued to make good any leafe or other grant to be made by any fuch college or collegiate church within either of both the ilhlverflties of Oxford and Cambridge, or elfewhere within the realm of England,, for more years than are limited by the private ftatutes of the fame college.

V.	Provided always, That this a£t (hall not extend to any leafe hereafter to be inade upon furrender of any leafe heretofore made, or by reafoft of any covenant or condition contained in any leafe heretofore made, and now continuing, fo that the leafe fo be made do not contain more years than the reiidue of the years of the former leafe now continuing (hall beat the time of fuch leafe hereafter to be made, nor any lefs rent than is re-ferved inthefaid former leafe. Continued by \ Jac. 1. c. 25. & 2i Jac.t. c. % I. to the end of the next fejfions of parliamenty and continued by 16. Car. i. c. 4.

CAP. XI.

ftn aft far the maintenance of navigation.

So much of XKT HE R E at the parliament holien at Weftminfter in the fifth the Hat of 5 VV pear (f ytur Majefifs reign, there was among other, made £1. c. 5. a*	and provided an 0£t tending certain politick con/lituthns made for the

eoncerneth thy maintenance of the navy, and in the fame amongft other things it was offra^Mhmd rnabledy That from the firfi day of April in the year cf our Lord herring in	God one thtufand five hundredfixty-ftur,	and fo from~ thenceforth,

£p|liih fhips it Jhotfid be lawful to all and every the fubjeOts of your Majefiy^your wrthtrofj

1570*] Anno dedmo ttrtio EjlIzABETiHJK. c.n.	283

heirs and futctjfm, at his mi their wiM and pltafart, to tarry and without tranfport tut. of this realm-, m their/hips mi other vtfftls tfOuy the * r* ffit?'"*"*. fitbjefts afortfaid, all and every kind tf herrings and ether fea-fijb vj?e<|f ^ to he taken upon the fee by any ibeftthjefts oftrefiud:, any aftif par-luxmetU or law tv the contrary mtwitbftanding: (\) And that all and every perfan and perfans which JhtuU by virtue , of that aft tranfport or carry my herring of fea-fi/b from ten of any port er harbour tf this realm, to nty place out.of the iMlimons of your Mayfly, your heirs and fucteffars, flmtld.be fret from.payment of mtytufwms, fab-Jidyer poundage-money, for the fame fifa fa tesrritd.tr trenjported during the fame of four whole years, beginning at thefat&firjtday of Aprii cue thoufmd fane hundred fixty-fntr, mi fa further. /wrings yotcr Majtjlf s pbeafitre, wbkb term of four years is Into expired and ended:	,

II.	And where it is by experience found, that the faid 48 hath been a very good oft, mi greatly increafti the navy and.fi/brrmen, send eaufetb many poof men to be fat a-tvebi, and is in great Hkdtbtoi

daily to increafe the fdmet more and hare : (2) It may pieafe your a continu-moil excellent Majeftyi df your abundant grace* that It may be »nce of part of ena&ed by authority of this preient parliament. That lb much **1? ®*t- 0O of the faid z6t as is above recited for liberty of transiting of herring and fea^fiih by the natural bom fubjnSx of yotir nuye* EXP. fry, your heirs or fuccefibrs, and for freedom from paying of any cuftom, fubfidy or poundagosmooey, fhall berevived, and fhall from henceforth continue for the See of frk years from the end of this feffion of parliament, and frond thenceforth to the end of the next parliament after the laid fix years to be fummOned, and from thenceforth during your M^efty’s moil gracious pleafure, lb that fuch tranfporting be in vefiels with crofs foils.

III.	And where ulfe in the faid aft made in the find fifth year, omongfi other things, all manner if ferfans are generally forbidden to bring into this realm any eods or hngt in barrels or other tofts, upon

pain of forfeiture of au the tods and Uttgsfo to be brought tn, or the S EKz* *• S* value thereof contrary to the tenor of this aft: (2) Forafirtuch as by*'10" that branch of the faid ftatute, it was well intended and iheant to meet with the fraud of flrangers and other, which brought into this realm great quantity of cods and lings deceitfully packed in barrels, and not meant to binder any the Ipueerfs mayfly's fitbjefts stfing up-rigbtnefs and truth in the barrelling of fitch fi/b: (3) May it there-* What coda fore pieafe your Majefty, that it fee further enadted by the au* tnoy b* . thority aforefaid, That after die feaft of Eafier, which fhall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufond fivp hundred feventy* barreb and

five, it lhall be lawful from thenceforth to all your Majefty’s loving «dk»- EXP-.

fubje&s bom Within this realm, or within any other your Mtje* *7 Eh*-c* “• fry’s dominions, (ufing no fraud or deceit in packing or barrel* **’ ling thereof) for the term of fix years next enfuing, to bring into this realm, or any other your Highnefs dominions, all fuch cods and lings as they fhall happen to take upon the lea by their own fifhing in ycflels with crofo foi|s, without incurring any

forfoiturt

2$4

mat kind of Jhips ihall not anchorupon the lea in the time of common fiihing.

The aflife of herring barrels.

No foreign fi(h (hall be dried within England to be told*

Anno decimo tcrtioElizabeths. c.ii. [1570.

forfeiture dr penalty therefore; any thing in the fakl a& contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And for the avoiding of the lewd outrages committed and done upon the fea+coajls of Norfolk and Suffolk* by the catches, mongers and picards pretending to buy frejb herrings, and which do cut in funder divers pieces of fsjhermens nets travelling the high feai to take frejb herring, to the utter undoing of the faid poor fijbermen : (2) Be it therefore enalted, ordained afideftablifted by the authority of this prefent parliament* That no peifon or perfons ufing any (hip* boat or veflel called catch, monger or. picard, or other Veflfel of like ufe, (hall in the time of common fifhing upon the faid fea-coafts of Norfolk and Suffolk, between the fourteenth day of September and the fourteenth day of November, from fon-fetting to fun-rifing, anchor upon the main fea, or in the common dream or trade offifhing, where the fifhertnen ufe to drive; (3) upon pain to forfeit their catch, monger, picard or veflel, with the tackle and all the fi(h in the fame or the value thereof; the one half to your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, the other half to the bailiffs, burgeues and commonalty of the town of Great Yarmouth, to be employed to the reedmpenfing his damages to the party whofe nets (hall be fo cut, and to the building and repairing of the decayed haven there, and to be taken by way of feizure, or otherwife to be recovered by bill, a&ion or information in any of your Majefty’s courts of record; any datute, law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V. And where your fubjefts ufing the trade of fijhing for herring, have of many years, and time out of mind, ufea to pack their herring in cajk or barrels containing about two and thirty gallons of ufual wine meafure, and with fuck ajjife. bath been ufuady gauged ana allowed at your honourable city of London, and do contain the fame meafure of two and thirty gallons,, according to fetch ufual brafs meafure as is out of your honourable court of exchequer delivered to your Jaid honourable city of London; (2) which meafure yet hath lately been quarrelled at by certain informers, for that the fame contain not two and thirty gallons by the old meafure of Jlanaard, which they never did, though peradventurethe extremity of old featutes in words, by feme mens conftru&ion, might be Jlretched to require fo much: ( 3) And for that the ufual barrels now be as great as ever within the time of any memory they have been known to be, and the alteration thereof would be a great decay and peril of undoing to the faidfijbermen: (4) It may alfo pleafe your mod excellent Majefty* that it be alfo enacted and declared. That the faid aflife of twp and thirty gallons of wine meafure which is about eight and twenty gallons by old dandard, well packed, and containing in every barrel ufually a thoufand foil herrings at the lead* is and (hall be taken for good, true and lawful aflife of herring barrels, throughout the whole liberty of the faid town of Great Yarmouth, and eliewhere; any ancient or former law or datute to the contrary notwithdanding.

VI.	Be it further ena&ed. That no fi(h hereafter to be taken or brought into this rea)m by any ftranger, nor any fi(h com* monly called Scottifb fi(h pr flentifb fi(h, (hall be dried within

England

(

285

1570*] Anno decimo tertio Elizabeths* c.12.

England to be fold, upon pain of forfeiture of all fuch fi(h to bo dried contrary to the meaning of this adt, or the value thereof :•

(2) which forfeiture (hall be to fuch perfon dwelling at any town where is any port, peer or haven as will feize the fame fi(h, or will fue for the fame value in any court of record, to be employed to the reparation and maintenance of fuch port, peer or haven as is next to the place where the offence (hall bd committed.

CAP. XII.

An aft for the minifters <f the church to be of found religion.

THAT the churches of the Queen’s m.ajefty’s dominions <ibisa3.en~ may be ferved with paftors of found religion, (2) be it enaded by the authority of this prefent parliament. That every don. c. 5. perfon under the degree of a bilhop, which doth or (hall pretend to be a prieft or minifter of God’s holy word and facraments, by reafon of any other form of inftitution, confecration or or- * & 3 Ed- &* dering, than the form fet forth by parliament in the time of the c# *•	,

late King of moil worthy memory. King Edward the Sixth, or j 1# now ufed in the reign of our molt gracious fovereign Lady, before the fcaft of the nativity of Chrift next following, (3) (hall £verreccj^ in the prefence of the bilhop or guardian of the fpiritualities of afti<3 perfon fome one diocefe where he hath or (hall have ecdefiaftical living, (hall fubfcribe declare his aflent, and fubfcribe to all the articles of religion,to thc. article* which only concern the confeftion of the true chriftian faith confeffio^of and the dodtrine of the facraments, comprifed in a book im- tbe faith, and printed, intituled. Article*r, whereupon jit was agreed by tbe arch- declare his bijbops and bijbops of both provinces, and the whole clergy in the convo- a(rcnt there-cation holden at London in the year of our LordGod one thotifand five	lt

hundred ftxty and two, according to the computation of the church of Vaugh. 131*, England, for tbe avoiding of the diverfties of opinions, and for the 133. ' ejlablijhing of confent touching true religion put forth by the Queer?s La,ie 4-authority \ (4) and (hall bring from fuch bilhop or guardian of	2

fpiritualities in writing, under his feal authentick, a testimonial 67‘9*52’ of fuch affent and fubicription,; (5) and openly on fome funday xR0ll.83i4.73. in the time of the publick fervice afore noon, in every churcn where by reaibn of any ecdefiaftical living he ought-to attend, R read both the faid teflimonial and the faid articles; (6) upon Particles pain that every fuch perfon which (hall not before the faid feaft and teftirao-do as is above appointed, (hall be ipfo fafto deprived, and all nial. his ecdefiaftical promotions (hall be void, as if he then were **ob-naturally dead.	6Co.*9.

II. And that if any perfon ecdefiaftical, or which (hall have The penalty ecdefiaftical living, (hall advifedly maintain or affirm any doc- for maintain -trine diredtly contrary or repugnant to any of the faid articles, ingofdoarmc and being convented before the bilhop of the diocefe or the or- thear-dinary, or before the Queen’s highnefs commiffioners in caufes ecdefiaftical, (hall perfilt therein, or not revoke his error, or after fuch revocation eftfoon affirm fuch untrue dodrine, fuch maintaining or affirming and perilling, or fuch eftfoon affirming, (hall be juft caufe to deprive fuch perfon of.his ecdefiaftical

'pro-

i Leon. 230. s And. 6».

a86	Anno	detimo	tcxtio	Elizabeths	£1570,

promotions; (jt) and it {bail be lawful to the fcUhop of the di-ocefe or the ordinary, or- the laid commiffianers, to deprive fuch perfon fo perfifting, or lawfully convided of fuch eftfoons affirming, and upon fuCh lenience of deprivation pronounced he fhall be indeed deprived.

Several things HI. And that no perfect (hall hereafter be admitted to any required in benefice with cucerexcept he then he of the agp of three and hun who (ball twenty years at the leaft and a deacon, and (hall firft have fob-si ben?fi«^	the articles in prefeoee of the ordinary, and pub-

lickly read the lame in the parilh church of that benefice, with declaration of his unfeigned affent to the fame: (2) and that every perfon after the end of this feffion of parliament, to be admitted to a bepefice with cure, except that within two months after his induction he do pubiickiy read the laid articles in the lame church whereof he (hall have cure, in the time of common prayef there, wteh declaration of his unfeigned aftbnt thereunto, and he admitted to minifter the (acraraents within one year after his induction, if he be not lb admitted before, (hall be upon every ftach defauk, ipfo fafto* immediately deprived.

IV.	And that no perfon now permitted by any difpenfation or ©tfterwife, (hall retain any benefice with cure, being under the age of one and twenty years, or not being deacon at the leaft, or which (hall not be admitted as is aforcfaid, within one year next after the making of this ad, or within fix months after he (hall accooipSHh the age of four and twenty years, on pain that inch his difpenfation (hall be meerly void.

V.	And that none- (hall be made minifter, or admitted to preach or adminifter the facramcnts, being under the age of four

The age o f a nainiiler or

preacher, and and twenty years; (2) nor unleis he firft bring to the biftiop of fcisteffimom- that dioceie, from men kne

known to the bilhop to be of found religion, a testimonial both of his honeft life and of hi6 profeffing the dodrine expreffed in the laid articles : (3) nor unlefs he be able to anfwer, and render to the ordinary an account of his faith, in ktin according to the faid articles, or have fpecial gift or ability to be a preacher: (4) nor (hall be admitted to-the order of deacon or miniftry, unlefs he fhall- firft fubfcribc to the faid articles.

VI.	And that none hereafter (hall be admitted to any bene-have a benefice gce ydth curc 0f or above the value of thirty pounds yearly in value6f. Queen’s books, unlefs he (hall then be a batchelour or divinity, or a preacher lawfully allowed by feme bWhop within this realm, or by one of the univerfities of Cambridge or Oxford.

VII.	And that all admiflions to benefices, institutions and in-dudions, to be made of any perfon contrary to the form or any proyifion of this aft, and ail tolerations, difpenfations, qualifications and licences whatfoever to be made to the contrary hereof, (hall be meerly void in law, as if they never were.

No lapfe upon VIII. Provided alway, That no title to confer or prefent by deprivation, lapfe, (hall accrue upon any deprivation ipfi fatto, but after fix b«t after no- months after notice of fuch deprivation given by the ordinary to the patron. 1 Roll 155..

a *	-	CAP.

als,

3 Bulftr. 90.

3	Mod. 67.

4	Mod. 135, 136.

* Salk. 539.

Who may

Admiffions,

inductions,

tolerations.

tice.

Dyer 377,

287

1570.J Anno decimotmla Elizabeths. c. 13,14.

CAP. XIII. ■

An a€t for the increale of tillage, and maintenance of the navy. When Car. 1.0.13, corn may be tranfported and when not. Corn may be tranfported out Savii 12. of fome ports! ana with fame kind of (hips, why a the prices be allowed reafonable. for farther pr&ufims relating hereto, fie 1 Jac. x. c. 25 f. 26. 21 Jac. 1. c. 28. f. 3. and 3 Car. 1. c. 4. f.24. 21 Car. 2. c. 13. xjac.i.c.i. 1 W.&M. Seff. 1. c. 12. iGeo. 1. c. 18. 5Geo. 1. c.12.

Who fhall have authority to determine of the transporting of corn or the reftraint thereof. The juftices order (had be firft notified to the Queen or her council, and then allowed. The cuftom due to the Queen of corn transported either by force of this ftatute or by licence. The Queen by proclamation may reftrain the transporting of corn, x & a F. dc M.

C’5*	C	A	P.	XIV.

An 48 for tbs bringing of bowflavet into this realm.

WHEREAS the ufe of archery not only hath ever been but alfo The benefit yet is, by Goffs fpecial gift to the Englifh/ra/w#, a fingular of archery, , defence of this realm, and anoccafion of many noble victories and both and the caufe a very whokfome exeYcife for the health and Jlrength of mens bodies,	***

and a maintenance of a great number of the Queen's true fubjeSs and artificers, as bowycrsy fletchers, firingers, arrowhead-maters, and others of this realm: and for that among other cmfes of the decay of archery one great caufe is, the excefisve price of bow-fiavts, which groweth principally by the fcarcity of bow-fiaves brought into this realm: (2) for reformation whereof*! be it enadled by the authority of tnis prefent parliament, That ail the ftatutes made in the xij. year of the reign of King Edward the Fourth, concerning bringing in of certain numbers of bow-fiaves, according to the weight or value of other wares to be brought into this realm, fhall from henceforth be duly put m execution.

II. And be it enadted and declared by this prefent ftatute, mcr That all merchant ftrangers, ufing to bring wares into this realm chants are from the eaft parts, as well as from the lxxij* hanfe towns, be compellable comprifed and meant under the name of, and bound as the mer- bring bow-chants mentioned and bound by tfctffaid ftatute to bring in bow-	*nt°thls

ftaves, upon like pains and forfeitures as by the faid ftatutes are appointed. And where the greatefi caufe of not putting the faid fiatute in execution hath been, that the forfeitures thereby limited, are by the faid fiatute given ,only to the fgueeffs majefiy, her heirs and x J'ucceJfors, without any reward to the perfon that Jhall file for the fame: be it enadled, That from henceforth all the forfeitures, appointed by the faid ftatutes, fhall be itnployed in farm foMbw-ing, that is to fay. The one half thereof to the Queen’s majefiy,/ her heirs and fucceflbrs, the other half to fach perfons: as fhall Who fhall fue for the fame in any court of record, wherein no eflbin, pro- have the for-tedtion, nor wager of law for the defendant fhall be admitted or *ehure$ and allowed : and it may pleafe the Queen’s moft excellent majefiy, **

That it be on her Highnefs’s pait ftreightly charged and commanded, that airthe ftatutes now remaining in force for repreff-' ing of unlawful games, and for the maintenance and life of archery, ihall be duly put in execution for ever 3 under the

pains

Anno dedmo tertio Elizabeth.®.	26.	£1570.

pains in the laid ftatutet contained. Contintud bj 3 Car. x~ r. 4. 16 CSw. 1. *.4.

CAP. XV.

An aft that no hoy or plate fliall croft the feas.—>/* cofttmutntH the end if the next farSament.

CAP. XVI.	1

The convictions* outlawries and attainders of Charles earl of Weftaeorelemd, and fifty-feven others, attainted of treafonfor open rebellion m the north 1 parts, confirmed. The Queen, her heirs and fiicceflbrs (hall have for this time all the lands and goods which any of the (aid perfbns attainted < within the biffioprick of Durham had, againft the bifliop and his fuc- j cefiors, though he claimeth Jura Regalia, and challengeth all the (aid forfeitures in the right of bis church. 18 El. c. 4.

CAP. XVH.	I

Robert earl of Leicefter (hall have authority to found an hofpital in Warwick or Kenelwoi th, for relief of poor and impotent people : which hofpital (hall have capacity to purcbafe lands in any countv of England, not exceeding the yearly value of two hundred pounds above all charges, that be not bolden t>f the Qgeen immediately by knight's fervice in chief, or elfe by knight's fervice not in chief.

cap. xvni.

The river of Lee, otherwife called Ware-River, by a new cut or trench (to i ' be made within ten years, at the charges of the lord mayor, commonal-ty and citizens of London) fliall be made to convey by water, all victuals, corn and other neceflmes, from the town of Ware to the city of London, and from London to Ware. Stat. 3 H. 6. c. 5. 9 H. 6. c. 9.

CAP. XIX.

Every perfon above tbe age of feven years (hall wear upon the (abbath and holyday (unlefs in the time of their travels out of their towns, hamlets, &c.) upon their head, a cap of wool knit, thicked and drefled irt England, made within this realm, and only drefled and fimibed by fome of the trade of cappers, upon pain to forfeit for every day not wearing three (hillings four pence: except maids, ladies, gentlewomen, noble perfonages, and every lord, knight and gentleman of twenty marks land and their heirs, and (belt as have bom office of worflup in any city, borough, town, hamlet or (hires and the wardens of the worflupful companies qf London. Repealed by 39 El. c. 18. f. 45.

CAP. XX.

An aS touching leofes of benefices, and other ecclefiafiical Irvings with cure.

Godboit 19.	/T^	H	A	T	the	livings	appointed	for	ecclefiafiical	minifters may

pl. 3s*	JL	not	by	corrupt	and	indirect	dealings	be	transferred	to	other

w°Phi the u^es ’ (2) be it enabled by the authority of this prefent parlia-leaft of a be- mcnt> That no leafe after the fifteenth day of May next follow-nefice (hall	ing the beginning of this parliament, to be made of any bene-

endure.	fice or ecclefiaftical promotion with cure, or any part thereof,

1 Leon. 307, and not being impropriated, (hall endure any longer than while 1 llulftr. in. th® fe®>r fhaB be ordinarily refident and ferving the cure of fuch farther provi- benefice without abfence above fourfeore days in any one year, fions relating but that every fuch leafe, [* fo foon as it or any part thereof (hall hereto* come to any pofleffion or ufe above forbidden, or] immediately upon fuch abfence, (hall ceafe and be void; and the incumbent (o

* Note, theft words in brackets are repealed by 14 Elbe, e.n.f. 14.

offend-

*57° 1 Anno dedmo tcrtio Elizabeths, c.21,—2$.

offending fhall for the fame lofe one year’s profit of his faid benefice, to be dilhibuted by the ordinary among the poor of the parifh : and that all chargings of fuch benefices with cure hereafter with any penfion, or with any profit out of the fame to be yielded or taken, hereafter to be made, other than rents to be referved upon leafes hereafter to be made according to the meaning of this aft, fhall be utterly void.

1 Brownl. ao8. Nay u6. Yelv. 106. Cro. El. 78,88,113,490, 564. Moor J4 Eli*, c. x 1. f. 14.

289

18 EL c. II. f. 7.

43EI. c. 9. f. 8. No benefice with curt (hall be charged with a pension.

Goldfb. 154. 170. pL 42a.

II. Provided, That every parfon by the laws of this realm al- The parfon's lowed to have two benefices, may demife the one of theiii upon leafe to his which he fhall not then be mod ordinarily refident, to his cu- cujfatc* rate only, that fhall there ferve the cure for him ; (2) but fuch * i,Sn. 100! leafe fhall endure no longer than during fuch curate’s refidence, Goldfb. 16a. without abfence abbve forty days in any one year: (3) this aft to continue to the end of the next parliament. Made perpetual.

3 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. XXL

An aft that purveyors may take away grain, cord or viftual within five

. miles of Cambridge and Oxford, in certain cafes. Continued by 3 Car. 1. c.4. and farther continued by 16 Car. 1, r.4. alt. 11 Car. 1. c. 24.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for continuance of the feverance of the Iberiffs in fundry counties. ......

CAP. XXIII.

A way without Algate in the fuburbs of London, (bmetime called the Bars without Algate: and a way leading from the Old Cage to the north end of Nightingale-Lane : and another way between the faid Old Cage and CralSrMill m tbeparifti of St. Mary, (hall be paved with (tone,

' and fo (hall be forever continued by thofe which be feisted in fee-fimple,	.	m.	,

fee tail, or for term of life, of lands adjoining to the faid highway on. the one fide or on the other, unto the midft of the faid ways, upon pain	,	•	«	;

to forfeit three (hillings four-pence for every yard fquare not paved.	:

at Eliz. c. is.

CAP. XXIV.

The ftreets of Ipfwich in the county of Suffolk, and the fuburbs thereof, ihall be paved with good paving (tone, and for ever repaired by' the owners, landlords or terre tenants, along, from and againlt their houfes, lands and tenements adjoining to the ftreet, viz. fo much of the (aid ftreet in length, as his houfe, lands, Ac. fo adjoining, extendeth unto, and in breadth, during a}l the faid length to the channel, or to fuch place as the channel there (ball be appointed by the bailiffs, on pain of * forfeiture for every yard fquare, not fufficiently repaired, eight-pence.

The bailiffs of Ipfwich, and the portmen there, the church-wardens,; and four of every parifh, (hall have authority to tax upon every boufe, ground and tenement, free and copy, fituate within the feyeral pariflies _ of Ipfwich, reafonable fums of money to be yearly paid, as well toward ' the finding of a convenient ftipendiary minifter within every parifh, as >’ for the reparation of the churches there.

CAP. XXV.

An a8 for reviving and continuance of certainJlatutes.	•>

WHERE in the parliament begun and bolden at London the Divers fhtnres third dap of November in the one and twentieth year of the &r winding of reign of our late mojl dread favereign lord of famous memory, King

Voi. VI.	U	Henry	forpre&rva.

i$o	Anna	decimo tertia ElI2a6et».®. C.25,	[1570.

tion of woodh Henry the Eighth, and from thence adjourned to Weftminfter, JJjjjjjJ te" an^ holden and continued by divers prorogations until the difi keeping of* fiolution thereof an aft was made for the true winding of wools* milch kino, H. And where alfo in the fame parliament one other aft was made and breed- and eftabUJbed for attaints to bo Jued for the pmijhment of perjury made Mm- upon untrue verdifts,	'

tual 5 and " HI. And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the other ftatutea thirty-fifth year of the reign of our fajd late fovereign lord King revived, &c. Henry the Eighth, one aft wasmade for the prefervation of woods.

9 c*17	And where alfo at the feffion of a parliament by prorogation

35 H. 9.c. 17. holden at Weftminfter the * three and twentieth day of January in 5&6£d.6.c.T4.‘ thefifth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Edward the *&3Ph.&M« Sixth* one aft was then and there made againft regyators* forejlalien and ingroffers.

V.	And where alfo 'at a parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter the twenty-firft day of Odtober in the fecond and third years of the reigns of the late King Philip and Queen Mary, and there continued until the diffohtionof the fame9 one aft was made then and there for keeping of mikh-kine-9.and for the breeding and rearing of calves: (2) all which afts were by fundry afts of parliament continued in force and effeft until the end and diffolutim of the left parliament of our fovereign lady the Queen's majejly that now is, at which time Anno 8 Eliz. the fame feveral aft sand every of them were difeontinued, and I ft their force and effefts j (3) which afts abavementioned9 and every erf them> by proof and experience, have finCe the making of the fame been tried,'and found to he very neceffary beneficial anaprofitable for the common wealth of this realmy and therefore are thought good to be The five mofe perpetual: (4) be it therefore enabled by the Queen’s tna-tutS^eviVed Je% our ^ai(^ fovereign lady, with the aftent of the lords fpi-to continue * ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parlia-for ever. ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid a&s above-remembred, and every of them, and all and every the branches, claufes and provifibns in them and every of them contained, (hall be revived, and from henceforth remain and continue in force and effect for ever, ai H. 9. c. 8. VI. And where alfo in the faid parliament begem and holden at London on the third day ^November in the find one and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, and from thence adjourned to Weftminfter, and there continued by prorogation until the diffbhition thereof* one aft was there made,. intituled\ An srft againft the killing of young beafts, called weynlings. 3&4Ed.6.c.jj. Vu. And wherein the Jeffion of a parliament ended at Wefttnin-fter in the firjl day of February in the fourth year, of the reign of our faid late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixthy one aft was made concerning the buying and felling of rother-beafis.

3	& 4 Ed. 6. VIII. And alfo one other aft was then and there Ukewife made c* **•	intituled, An a<5t for buying and felling of butter and cheefe;

(2) all which afts were continued until the end of the loft parliament of our faidfovereign lady the Queen's majejly that now ts% at which time

*	the

* Thirtieth., Skin. no.

tsfo.] Aflno ddtf&rK* El KaKJMA C.25.	29*

Mr fankwete likeVoifa for defe& cf fkrthfr eontikuafke chjcodfittued* and toft theirforce <md ejfefts.

IX.	And where alfo an aft was made in- the fir ftfeffbn ef thefind 5 El* c» *• parti&Menly holder in the fifth year of her AJajeftfs reign* intituled*

An adt for themaintetlatfce arid increase of tillage.

X.	And one other aft then atfo made, intituled, Art aft for the 5 Bl. c. 3. relief of the poor: which were to endure to the end ef the next jejfion

of the fame parUamenf* tini then alfo in the end of the findparlid* meat difeontimed and loft theirforce and effift* for defeft of further continuance.

XI.	Aid where alfo in the parliament begun andholden dt'Wdk* z jj. c. I7, minfter in the twenty-third day of January in the firft year ef the

reign of the §jueen*s majtjfy that now is* and there conttnued by-proro* gation until the dijfohtiion thereof one aft was thin and there made* intituled* An adb for the prefervation of fpawri and fry of fi(h ; which aft was to endure to the end of the next parliament* and then in the fame next parliament was not any further continued* andfi Hie* wife left its force and- effieft.

XIL Forafmuch as all the find afts and every of them loft recited* ^he ja^ men_ do fieem by trial and experience of them hitherto had, to be good* pro- tioned fix a&s fitable and necejjary for the common wealth of this realm* and therefore revived and to be revived and to have yet further continuance: (2) be it therefore continued un-cnadtfed' by oui* faid fovereign lady the Queeri’s majefty, with the the^next'pair-aflenfof the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, liament. P in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme, That all the faid laft mentioned adls and every of them, and* all the articles, claufes and provifions in them* and. every of them contained, (hall be likewife revived, ahd (hall from* henceforth continue and endure in fall force and effedfc until; the end of the next parliament.

XIII.	And where alfo one aft* intituled* An adl for the making Anno 13 H. 8. of gaols in divers (hires of this realm, was made in the efoyfind c. *. parliament begun and holden in the third day of November in the* **aaumd.

* one and twentieth year ef the reign ef our faid late fovereign lord King ftertry the Eighth* and fithence by divers afts continued-until the death of the fame late King\ (2) and after in the laft Jejfion of the parliament begun and holden upon prorogation at WeftmhiftW the four and twentieth day ^Oftober in the firft year of the reign of our faid fate fovereign lady §>ueen Mary, the fame aft* and all t fe£ J# elautes and fientences therein contained* was then made to -continue c. ni ana endure until the end of ten years then next enfutng the end if the fame parliament; (3) which aft afterwards in the firft Jejfion of parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter the twelfth day of January in the fifth year of the reign of our faid fovereign lady the Queens rtajfty^ that now is* and there bf prorogation con- s ei. c. 14% tinued until the dtffmtion thereof was by one aft then and there-made and intituled* An adtforthe reviving of a ftatute made Anno vicefimo tertio nenrici odlavi touching the repairing of gaols, made to continue and endure in full force and effeft* and to be ob-ferved and kept in all things* unto the end/mi-term of ten years next-% U 2	enfuing



Anno derimo tertio Elizabeths c.25.	£1570.

infuing the lafi day of the fame parliament* and was alfo by the faii aft made in the fame fifth year of her Majefty's reign, in certain points and articles enlarged, as by the faid aft more fully appeareth:

(4)	and forafmuch as the faid afts made in the faid one and twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, and in Theftatuteof the faid feffton of parliament holden in the fifth year of our fad *3 H* Lc. a. Scfevereign lady the Queen's majefty that now ts, touching the making Stall C t*4 d an* rePatr*n& °f are bought to be very good and beneficial for to thecounty *he common wealth of this realm, and do not yet extend to the county of Cambridge, of Cambridge: (5) be it therefore enafted* That the faid afts /ball and endure	extend to the faid county ^Cambridge, and to and for the making and

ten years.	repairing of gaols in the fame, county, in all and every thing and

article, as fully and in as ample manner and form, as the fame afts and either of them* do extend to the counties and gaols in them and either of them fpecially mentioned, and as though the faid county of Cambridge, and the gaol in the fame county, had been in the Jam afts and either of them fpecially mentioned: (6) and that the faid afts* and every claufe* fentence and provifion in them and either of them contained* Jhall continue and endure, and be obferved in all things9 as well within the faid county ^ Cambridge, as in other the counties or Jbires in the fame afts and in either of them fpecified* for ten whole years next enfuing the end and determination of the ten years mentioned in the faid aft made in the faid fifth year ofthe reign of our faid fevereign lady the Queen's majejly that new is. EXP.

5 El. c. 7. XIV. And where in the firft feffton of the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter in the faid fifth year of the reign of our fevereign lady the Queen's majefty that now is* and from thence con-tinued by prorogation until the diffelution thereof one aft was then jEl. c. 9. and there made* intituledr* An ad for the avoiding of divers foreign wares made by handicraftsmen beyond the feas; (2)

■	and one other aft* intituled* An ad for the punifhment of fuch

perfons as fhould procure or commit any wilful perjury j which afts were limited to endure to the end of the next parliament:

X El. c. 10.	‘ XV. And where alfo in the hft feffton of the fame parliament

holden by prorogation at Weftminfter in the eighth year of the reign of the Queen's moft excellent majefty that now is9 one aft was then and there made* intituled* An ad for bowyers, and thejprices of bows, and was made to continue to the end of the firft feffton of the then next parliament:	I

X El. c. 15. XVI. And alfo withal one other aft then made9 intituled* An ad i for the prefervation of grain, and to continue to the end of the next The fbrefaid parliament enfuing; (2) all which feveral afts without further conti-ftat. of 5 El. nuance* will end and difeontinue in this prefent parliament* and alfo ofEl	*****	f°rce an<* > wherefore and forafmuch as the fame

continued un- fi^erd afts and every of them do feem good* beneficial and needful to til the end of be further continued for the weal and profit of this realm* (3) be the next par- it therefore further enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent lament.	majefty, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

and the commons, in this, prefent parliament aflembled, and . by the authority of the fame, That the fame ads and every I

of

f57°0 Anno decimo tertio Elizabeth-®, c.25.	293

of them, and each and every article, claufe and fentence in them and every of them contained, (hall continue, be and endure io full force and effecft until the end of the next parliament.

XVII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed by the au-

thority aforefaid. That the faid a6t concerning' the avoiding r^jncii. of foreign wares made by handicraftfmen beyond the feas, or ' any claufe^ article or meaning therein contained? (hall not in * any wife extend or be prejudicial to any intercourfe or treaties of any intercourfe now (landing in force, had or made between the progenitors of the Queen’s majefty, or her Highnefs, and any others; any thing heretofore, or now, ordained or enabled to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII. For the mm increase of woods, where by an aft of par- 35	*•c- *7* Uament madein the five and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry

the Eighth, intitfuedy For the preservation of woods, &c. there are feveral claufes limiting how many years all manner of lands or coppice-woods, being feveral or in common, Jball next after the felling thereof pe jufficiefitly inclofed, or the fprings thereof otherwife faved and preferved from dejlfuftiotiy as by thefame aft more particular appeared : (2) for that by experience it isfounds that the Jpace and time How longtime of the faid feveral years of indofure or prtfervation if not fuffiAent;

(3) be it enabled by authority of this prefent parliament, that pr^r8ved in

from the twentieth of June next all manner of woods or cop- feveralty.

pice intended by the faid a£t to be inclofed, and the fprings

thereof preferved, (hall be Sufficiently inclofed, or the fprings	•

thereof otherwife faved from deftru&ion, by the fpace of two

full years more than in the feveral claufes of the faid a&s is

Severally limited, according to the age of the woods felled,

upon like pains as are contained in the forefaid claufes of the

faid a&, concerning inclofure or preservation of the faid woods,

coppice or fprings ; (4) and that from the* faid twentieth of At what age

June next following, it (hall not. be lawful for any manner Scnw^be^ut

of perfon to put any manner of cattle in any coppice-woods jncto themfU

inclofed to be preferved, from the time of the Sale thereof until and then what

the end of five years, nor from the end of five years, any other cattle.

cattle but calves and yearling colts only, until the end*of fix

Srs if the wood was under the age of fourteen years at the fall, or until the age of eight years, if the wood was above the age of fourteen years at the time of the lad fall, tsfr.

XIA. Provided that this addition to the ftatute of woods 35 H. 8. c. 17. (hall continue as long in force as the aforefaid ftatute made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth.

XX. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority 5E1. c. 12. aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons (hall be a buyer, badger, T^o may be kidder, or carrier of corn, cattle, butter, cheefe and fuch like kind of victual, in none other manner nor form than is con- corn^butter, tained in a ftatute made in the fifth year of the reign of our fo- &c. *	#

vereign lady Queen Elizabeth, nor (hall be any other ways admitted or licenced to be a buyer, badger, kidaer, or carrier

U ?	as

To what fo-reign vj&oals the ftatute of 5.ff6J£d. 6.

c. 14. (hall not extend. 28Car.ax.a2.

Anno eJecim© t«rt*© &.i24B£T#iB.,29. {*570-as is aforefeid, {hpn is mentioned sad appoint*} by the frid ftatute; any thing in this ot flay ©ther ,ad heretofore to the (contrary notwithftsmdiflg.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enadled. That the feid #A againft regrators, forehallers and ingfoders is not meant to extend, nor ihall extend to any wines, oils, fugars, Ipices, ©mt-rants? nor other foreign vi&upl$, brought or to bebroiight into this realmfrom beyond the fea6*	aod folt only exeepted.

CAP. XXVJ.

A confirmation of a fabfidy of fix (billings in the pound, granted to die Queen by the clergy, to be paid in three years.

CAP. XXVII.

A confirmation of two fifteens and tenths, and one fubfidy granted to the Queen by the temporally.

CAP. XXVIII,

A confirmation of the Queen’s free and general pardon. Except, See.

CAP. XXEf.

4n aSt concerning the feveral incorporations of tbeuniverjities of Oxford and Cambridge, and the confirmation of the charters* liberties and privileges granted to either of them.

FOR the great love and favour that the Queen’s moft excellent majeftv beareth towards her highnefs univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge* and for the great zeal and care that the lords and commons of this present parliament have for die maintenance of good rind godly literature, and the virtuous education of youth within either of the faid univerfities, and to the intent that the ancient privileges, liberties and franchises of either of the faid universities heretofore granted, ratified and confirmed by the Queen’s highnefs, and her moft noble progenitors,. may be bad in greater eftimation, and be of greater force and ftrength, for the better increafe of learning, land the further fuppremng of vice : be it therefore enaded by the authority of this prefent parliament. That the right honourable Robert earl of Leicefter* now chancellor of die faid univerfity of Oxford* and his niccefibrs for ever, and the mailers and fcholars of the fame univerfity of Oxford for the time being, (hall be incorporated and have a perpetual fucceflion in fait, deed and name, by the name of the chancellor, matters and fcholars of the univerfity of Oxford; and that the fame chancellor, mafters and fcholars or the fame univerfity of Oxford* for the time being, from henceforth, by the name of chancellor, mafters and fcholars of the univerfity of Oxford* and by none other name or names (hall be called and named for evermore; and that they Ihall have a common leal to ferve for their necefihry caufes touching and concerning the faid chancellor, mafters, and fcholars 01 the faid univerfity of Oxford* and their fiicceflors : and likewife that the right honourable Sir William Cedi knt. baron * of Burgbley* now chancellor of the faid univerfity of Cambridge* and his fucceflbr? for ever, gnd the mafters and fcholars of

the

1570,1 Anno dedmo temtio Elizabeths, c.29.

the fame univerfity of Cambridge for the time being, (hall* be incorporated and have a perpetual fucceffion infiaft, deed and name, by the name , of the Chancellor, mailers and fchoiars of die univerfity of Cambridge 5 and That the fame chancellor, matters and fchoiars of the faid univerfity of Cambridge, for the -time being, from henceforth, by the name of chancellor, matters and fchoiars of the umveruty of Cambridge, and by no other name or names, (hall be caflea and named forevermore; and that they fhall have a common leal to ferve for their ne-ceflary caufes touching and concerning the faid chancellor, matters and fchoiars dt the fiud univerfity of Cambridge, and their (uccefibrs :• and further, that as well the chancellor, matters and fchoiars of the feid univerfity of Oxford, and their fucceflors, by the name of chancellor, mafters and fchoiars-of the univerfity of Oxford, as the chancellor, mafters and fchoiars of the faid univerfity of Cambridge, and their fucceflors, by the name of chancellor, mafters and fchoiars of the univerfity of Cambridge, may Severally implead and be impleaded, and fue and be fued for all manner of caufes, quarrels, aftions real, perfcnal and mixt, of whatfoever kind, quality or nature they be, and (hall and may challenge and demand all manner of liberties and franchifes, and allb anfwer and defend themfelves under and by the name aforefaid, in the fame caufes, quarrels and a&ions, for every thing and things whatfoever, for the profit and right of either of the aforefaid univerfities, to be done before any manner of judge, either fpiritual or temporal, in any courts and places within the Queen’s highnefs dominions whatfoever they be: And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the letters patents of the Queen’s highnefs moil noble father King Henry the Eighth, made and granted to the chancellor and fchoiars of the faid univerfity of Oxford, bearing date the firft day of April in the fourteenth year of his reign, and the letters patents of the Queen’s majefty that now is, made and granted unto the chancellor, mafters and fchoiars of the univerfity of Cambridge$ bearing date the twertty-fixth day of April in the third year of her Highnefs moft gracious reign, and alfo all other letters patents, by any of the progenitors or predeceffors of our faid fovereign lady, made to either of the faid corporated bodies fevcrally, or to any of their predeceflbrs, of either of the faid univerfities, by wnatfoever name or names the faid chancellor, mafters apd fchoiars of either the, faid univerfities, in any of the faid letters patents, have been heretofore named, (hall from henceforth be good, effectual and available in the law to all intents, conftruftions and purpofes, to the forefaid now chancellor, mafters and fchoiars of either of the faid univerfities, and to their fucceflors for ever more, after and according to the form, words, fen-tences and true meaning of every of the fame letters patents, as amply, fully and largely, as if the fame letters patents were recited verbatim in this prefent aft of parliament; any thing to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. And furthermore

U4	be

29*

Anno decimo tertio Exizabeth^. c.ap. * [i570*

be itenadted by the authority aforefaid, That the chancellor, mailers and fcholars of either of the faid univerfities, feverally, and their fucceflors for ever, by the fame name of chancellor, mailers and fcholars of either of the faid upjverfitips of Oxford and Cambridge, ihall and may feverally have, hold, ppfiefs, enjoy and ufe to them, and to their fucceifors for evermore, all manner of manors, Jordlhips, redlories, parfonages, lands, tenements, rents, fervices, annuities, adyowfons of churches, pofieffions, penfions, portions apd hereditaments, and all manner of liberties, franchifes, immunities, quittances and privileges, view of frank-pjedge, law-days, and other things whatsoever they be, the which either of the faid corporate*! bodies of .either of the faid univerfities had, held, occupied or enjoyed, or of right oqght to have had,, ufed, occupied and enjoyed, at any time or times before the making of this ad of parliament, according to the true intent and meaning as well of the faid letters patents made by the faid noble prince King -Henry the Eighth, made and granted to the chancellor and fcholars of the univerfity of Oxford, bearing date as is aforefaid, as of the letters patents of the Queen’s majefty made and granted unto the chancellor, mailers and fcholars of the univerfity of Cambridge, bearing date as aforefaid, and as according to the true intent and meaning of all the other the forefaid letters patents whatfoever; any llatute or other thing or things whatfoever heretofore made or done to the contrary in any manner of wife notwithftanding. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all manner of inftruments, indentures, obligations, writings obligatory and recognizances, made or knowledged by. any perfon or perfons or body corporate, to either of the faid corporated bodies of either of the faid univerfities, by what name or names foever the faid chancellor, mailers and fcholars of either of the faid univerfities have been heretofore called in any of the faid in* ftruments, indentures, obligations, writings obligatory or recognizances, Ihall be from henceforth available, Hand and continue of good perfeil and full force and llrength to the now chancellor, mailers and fcholars of either of the faid univerfities, and to their fucceifors, to all intents, conllru6tions and purpofes, although they or their predecelfors, or any of them, in any of the faid inftruments, indentures, obligations, writings obligatory or recognizances, be named by any name contrary or diverfe to the name of the now chancellor, mailers and fcholars of either of the faid univerfities. And be it alfo enadled by the authority aforefaid. That as well the faid letters patents of the Queen’s highnefs faid father King Henry the Eighth, bearing date as is before exprefled, made and granted to the faid corporate body of the faid uni-yerfity of Oxon9 as the letters patents of the Queen’s majefty aforefaid granted to the chancellor, mailers and fcholars of jthe univerfity of Cambridge, bearing date as aforefaid, and all other letters patents by any of the progenitors or predeceflbrs

of

*57°-] Anno decitno tertio Elizabeths. 0.29.	297	#

of her Highnefs, and all manner of liberties, franchifes, immunities, quietances and privileges, letes, law-days, and other things whatfoever therein exprefied, given or granted to the faid chancellor, matters and fcholars of either of the ./aid universities, or to any of their predeceffors of either of the faid univerfities, by whatfoever name the faid chancellor, matters and fcholars of either of the faid univerfities in any of the faid letters patents be named, be and by virtue of this prefent alt lhall be from henceforth ratified, ftablHhed and confirmed unto the faid chancellor, matters and fcholars of either of the faid univerfities, and to their fucceflors for ever; any ftatute, law, ufage, cuftom, conftrultion or other thing to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding. Saving to all and every person and perfons, and bodies politick and incorporate, their* heirs and fucceflors, and the heirs and fucceflors of every of them, other than to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and luc-ceflors, all fuch rights, titles, interefts, leafes, entries, conditions, charges ana demands^ which they and every of them had, might orfhould have had, of, in or to any the manors, lordfhips, reltories, parfonages, lands, tenements, rents, fer-vices, annuities, advowfons of churches, penfions, portions, hereditaments and all other things in the faid letters patents,, or in any of them mentioned or comprifed, by reafbn of any right, title, charge, intereft or condition to tnem or any of them, or to the anceftors or predeceflors of them or any of them, devolute or grown before the feveral dates of the laid letters patents, or by reafon of any gift, grant, demife or other all or alts, at any time made or done between the faid chancellor, matters and fcholars of either of the faid univerfities of Cambridge and Oxford, or any of them, and others, by what name and names foever the fame were made and done, in like manner and form as they and every of them had or might have had the fame before the making of this alt; any thing, &c. Provided always, and be it enalted by the authority aforefaid, -That this alt, or any thing therein contained, mall not extend to the prejudice or hurt of the liberties and privileges of right belonging to the mayors, bailiffs and burgefles of the town of Cambridge and city of Oxford; but that they the laid mayors, bailiffs and burgefles, and every of them, and their fucceflors, lhall be and continue free in fuch fort and degree, and enjoy fuch liberties, freedoms and immunities, as they or any of them lawfully may or might have doite before the making of this prefent alt; any thing contained in this prefent alt to the contrary notwithftfuiding.

Anno

398 Annoderiroo quarto EuzAI&THiB. €.1,2,3;	[1572.

Aims decimo quarto Regina Elizabeths.

AT this frefent ftflhn cf paritamevt holden at Wcft-. mihftep the eighth dir/ of May in the fourteenth year of the reign of our fovereign lady Elizabeth, by the grace of Cod, ^/ England, France and Ireland, Queen, defender of the faith, &c. And there continued until the tqfl day of June following: to the high fkajhrt of Almighty God, and weal puhSek of this realm, amongft other, were enalted as followeth.

CAP. L

It (hall be felony to take or keep from the Queen any of the cattles, forts,

7 bolds, See. or to raze or bum any cattle or fort having the Queen's munition or ordnance therein, or guarded with foldiers, and advifedly to expre.fs the fame by words,	or writings. It (hail be - high treafon to

with-hold from the Queen any of the catties, holds, fee. or any of her feips, artillery or fortibcation of war ; or to burn and deftroy any of her (hips, or to bar any haven; during the Open's life.

CAP. II.

3lnft, 6.12,14, The penalty fbr ccm(piring, deviling of going about to enlarge any prifo-ner committed to piifen or cuftddy by the Queen's fpechtt commandment, for any deafen or fufpidon of deafen concerning her own prion, and the fame confpiracy, device, by express words, writing or other matter, manifeftly to declare or fet forth, before the prifoner (hall 1 be indi&ed, (hall be deemed mifpri(ion of treafon, after indictment felony, utter attainder high treafon. To endure onfy during the Queen's life.

cap. in.

An aft againjt the forging and counterfeiting of foreign coin being not current within this realm.

It is mifprifion T?ORASMUCH as by the laws orJtafutes of this realm, fmall or of high trea- X1 no condign punifbment is at this time provided for fuch evil-itf-money winch ptrfons asjhall counterfeit or forge fuch Hnd of gold or Jiher of is notthe coin other realms as is not the proper com of this realms nor current in payed this realm, ment within this realm; byreafon whereof divers evil-dtfpofed perfons,as nor current uftll without this realm as within^ are encouraged and emboldnei daily to counterfeit or forge fuch kind of gold and fitoer, and utter 3	*I7# the fame in this realm, in great deceit of her Majenfs fubjefts: (i)

be it ena&ed by our faid fovereign lady the Queen, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, of this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons hereafter falfly forge or counterfeit any fuch kind of coin of gold or filver as is not the proper coin of this realm, nor permitted to be current within this realm; that then every fuch offence (hall be deemed and adjudged mifprifion The penalty °f high treafon; (3) and the offenders therein, their procurers, of forging of aiders and abettor*, being; £opvi& according to the laws of this

realm

J572-] Annovdjceiajo qsami EwzA9£T#iE. c.4*99 .

realm of fiich offences, &all Jbe ioiprUoacd, and forfeit fuch coin "hich is

lands, goods and -chattels, as in oaks of nutrition of treafcn

for concealment of high treafon.	nor cuS’

C A P. IV.	therein-

The ftatute of t £1. c. 10. prohibiting the tranfporting of leather, .tallow and raw hides, feall be revived for feveo yeare. GXP. and REP. i8£liz. c. 9.

CAf. V.

An aCt for l4ie punHhment of vagabonds, end for the relief of the poor and impotent.

A repeal of the ftatute of 22 H. 8. c. it. and 3k 4 Ed. 6. c* %6. and 5 Sc Repealed by 6 E. A c. 2. provided for the relief of the poor, and punilhment of va- 35 El. c. 7. gabonds. A vagabond above the age of fourteen years ftiall be adjudged f. 24. to be grievoufly whipped, and burned through the griftle of the right 39 El. c. 4.

.car with a hot iron of the compa&of an inch, unleft fome credible per- and 18. fon will take him into fervipe for a year. And if being of the age of 43 El. c. 2. eighteen years, he after do fail again into a roguifh life, he (hall fuffer death as a felon, unlcfs feme credible perfon will take him into fervice for two years. And if be.feiU a third time into a roguifh life, he /hail be adjudged a felon. Who (ball be adjudged vagabonds? the penalty for the relief of them. Who may makepauports and licences and to whom?

Affeflin exits (hall be made of the parjlhioners of every parifti for the relief of the pom* of the fame parim. Evety bidiop fhall vHit and reform hofpitpls within his diocefe. No perfcn twill bring any rogufe out of Zrr-iandor the jfie tfma* into Englmd,

XXXVIL It ihail and maybe lawful for the juftices of peace A provifion of every {hire within this realm, at their general quarter-feffions fofr *he of the peace to be holden within the fame (hires, or the moft ° jnPthe~ part of the faid juftices being then prefent, to rate and tax eve* common gaol, ry parith within the faid (hires, at fuch reafonable fums of mo- Continued as ney, for and towards the relief of the (aid prifoners as they (hall t0^e taxing think convenient by their difcretions j fp that the faid taxation and rate doth not exceed above fix pence or eight pence by the week Y. c. 25 * out of every pari(h $ and that the churchwardens of every parilh 21 Jac. i.c. is. within this realm for the time being (hall every Sunday levy the 3Car. 1.c.4. fame, and once every quarter in the year pay to the high con- YYaSaSlb (tables or head officers of every town, parim, hundred, ridtog ^Car.i.c.4* or wapentake within this realm, *H fuch fums of money as their parifh (hall be rated and taxed, for and towards the relief of the faid prifoners within their faid feveral parilhes: and that the faid high conftables and head officers, and every of them, (hall pay all fueh fums of money fo to them paid by the faid churchwardens, at every general quarter-feflions to be holden within the faid feveral mires, to fuch fufficient perlons dwelling nigh the faid gaols as (hall be appointed by the faid juftices in their faid open quarter-feffions, to be there ready to receive the faid money fo collected as is aforefaid 5 and that the collectors for the faid prifoners (hall weekly diftribute and pay all fuch fums The forfeiture of money as they and every of them (hall receive for the relief °f tfj* cllurch-of the faid prifoners as aforefaid \ upon pain as well the faid ^^esovo^U churchwardens of every parifh, conftables and head officers of ic&ors omit-every hundred or wapentake, as alfo the faid collectors appoint- ing their du-ed tor the collection and contribution of the faid prifoners, fo

mak-

300 Anno decimo quarto Elizabeth.®. c.6,7.	[i572*	I

snaking default as aforefaid, to forfeit five pounds; the one moiety thereof (hall be to the ufe of the Queen’s maje(tyy her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the relief of the prifoners; any ftatute, law, cgftom, ufe or other thing to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. '

Juft ices of	XXXVIII. Provided always. That the juftices of peace with-

peace fhaU not in any county of this realm or Wales, (hall not intromit or en-ai?y ter into any city, borough, place or town corporate where be &c?bot the any juftice or juftices of peace for any fuch city, borough, place mayors or	or town corporate for the execution of any branch, article or

®®cers of	fentence of this ad, for or concerning any offence, matter or

the feme. caufe growing Or arifing within the precinds, liberties or jurif-didions of fuch city, borough, place or town corporate; but that it may and fhall be lawful to the juftice and juftices of peace, ! mayor, bailiffs and other head officers of thofe cities, boroughs, places and towns corporate where there be juftice or juftices, to proceed to the execution of this alt, within the precinlt and compafs of their liberties, irt fuch manner and form as the juftices of peace in any county may or ought to do within the lame county by virtue of this alt; any matter or thing in this alt expreffed to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XaXIX. And that every juftice and juftices of the peace, | within every fuch city, borough, place and town corporate, for every offence by them or any of them to be committed contra- i ry to the intent and meaning of this ftatute fhall be punifhable j '	and chargeable, as other juftices of peace at large in the coun- |

ties are by this all above appointed to be.

CAP. VI.

% Inft. x?S.	The Queen may make grants by copy of court-roll, ufual wood-fales or o-

I, # ther things, of lands of fugitives contrary to 13 Elia. c. 3. as tenant pur t7‘	urme dauter vie, may do. The rents ot fugitives lands (hall be anfwe.

rable in the exchequer, and of duchy lands in the court ot the duchy of Lancafter. EXP.

CAP. VII.

An aft againft the deceits of under-colleftors of the tenths and fubfidies of the clergy.

The ftatute of TTOR avoiding and redrefi of great deceits done to the §>ueen9s ma-13 El. c. 4. T jetty, and to the prelates and clergy of this realm, by under-collet-making trea- tors of the tenths and fubfidies of the clergy, appointed by and under the aIML[e" archbijhops and bi/bops of this realm, and deans and chapters (fede va-to be liable to Cante>) (2) he it enalled. That the ftatute made in the thir-tbe payment teenth year of her Majefty’s reign, to make the lands, tenements, of the Queen’s goods and chattels of tellers, receivers, &c. to be liable to the debts, fhall ex- payment of their debts, (hall to ajl intents and purpofes as amply co&eftorsofr* an(* Iargety extend, and be conftrued to extend, to all fuch untenths and	der-colleltors of tenths and fifbfidies pf the clergy, and to their

fubfidies.	lands, tenements and hereditaments, goods and chattels, for fa-

tisfying of fuch money as they have colleded, or (hall colled of the faid tenths and fubfidies to the ufe of the Queen’s majelly, her heirs or fiiccefTors (of whgt yearly fum foever the charge q£

their

157*0 Anno derimo qtMrto Elizabeths, c.8.	301

their colle&ion is or (hall be) in like form as it doth extend to the tellers, receivers and other perfons accountant, whom the faid a& fpecially and exprefly concerneth, and in as ample wife, as if fuch under~colle£tors were immediately accountant to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs; any provision in the faid ftatute or other matter whatfoever to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

. IL And that every fuch under-colledtor (hall upon procefs to The under-be awarded out of the court of exchequer, be chargeable to ac- colle&ors Ihall . count for his receipt of fuch tenths and fubfidies as any receiver *cc°uat m tbc immediately accountant to her Majefty is or ought to be; (2) ^e?iftu»p and that every archbiftiop and bifliop, and dean and chapter (hall be difc ■ {Jede vacante) to whofe charge the collection of fuch tenths or charged of lubfidies doth or (hall appertain, (hall be difcharged of fo much [° of the faid tenths and fubfidies as (hall be fatisfted to the Queen’s under^coliec-majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, of or by the lands, tenements, tors lands or hereditaments, goods or chattels of fuch under-colle&or or his goods, heirs, without any other warrant whatfoever in that behalf to -be obtained. Revived by 1 Jac. 1. c. 25./ 31.

GAJP. VIII.

An aft for the avoiding of recoveries fuffered by colhfion by tenants for term of life, and fuch others.

WHERE divers perfons being feifed or that have been feifed 0^ A recovery lands, tenements and hereditaments, as tenants by the courtefy of England, tenants in tail after pojfibility ofiffue extin ft, or other- p^Sesagainft: wife, only for term of life or lives, or of eftates determinable upon tenant for life or lives, have heretofore permitted and fuffered other perfons by term of life, agreement or covin between them had, to recover the fame lands	t*.*5

tenements and other hereditaments againft the fame particular tenants f reverfion* in the Queen's majefty's court, (2) or have permitted and fuffered or remainder, tbemfelves to be vouched by other perfons, by agreement or covin be- (hall be void, tween them had, in recoveries fuffered of the fame lands, tenements and J*? and other hereditaments in the Queer?s majefty's court, (3) to great prejudice of thofe to whom the reverftort or remainder thereof ’	*	^

hath appertained or otlgbt to appertain;	x

II. ror remedy whereof be it enafted by the Queen’s moftCo.Entr.655,* excellent majefty, with the aflent of the loras fpiritual and tern- 6709 • poral, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That all fuch recoveries hereafter to be had or profecuted by agreement of the parties, or by covin 2,Leon. 60,65. as is aforefaid, againft any (uch particular tenant of any lands. Recoveries*, tenements or hereditaments, whereof the fame particular tenant is or hereafter ihall be feifed of any fuch particular eftate as iSoovmfhaUbe^ aforefaid, (2) or againft any other with voucher over of any void, fuch particular tenant, or of any having or that had right or Mo<wr69o,95j. title to any fuch particular eftate or tenancy as is aforefaid, (3) ^ Ei^fol Ihall from henceforth, as againft fuch perfon or perfons to whom *	*	5	2%

any reverfion or remainder thereof by force of any coaveyance or device before that time had or made, (hall, ought or lawfully may appertain, and againft (heir heirs and fucceflbrs, be clearly

and

3<D2	Anno	dbcrma	quarto Htl9it9ETnj&<	([157:2.

and utterly void arid e# none cflbft; stay laww tifege heretofore had to the contrary thereof in; any wife notwirilf&hffirig. Recovery by IH. Frovidted' alway* That this aft nor any thing therein con-good title. tained ftiaB extend or be prejudicial to any perform or perfons that (kail hereafter by good title recover any* lends, tenements or hereditaments, without fraud or covin,* By reafon* of any former right or title; (2) but that all and every fuch recovery and recoveries- fo to be had or profecuted upon former' rights' or titles, (half (tend and be in like force, ftrength and effeft, as they were before the making of this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notWithftafndmg.

A recovery by IV. Provided alfo, That aliand every fueh recovery and re-the aflent of eoveries to be had or profecuted of any lands, tenements or he-himinthe^- reditaments as aforefeidi, by the aflent and agreement of any grinder/ * perfon: or perfons to whom any reverfion or remainder thereof then (half or ought to appertain (to that the fame aflent and a-greement do appear of record in any court of our fovereign lady so Co. 43. the Queens majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs) (hall ftand and be in like force, ftrength and* of like effeft, agamft fuch perfon and perfons that (hall fo aflent and agiee, their heirs and fucceflbrs, as they were, before the making, of this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife ftotwithffanding.

A repeal of the	V. Be it further enaftfcd* by the authority aforefaid,That one

ftattiwof	aft made in the two and thirtieth year of our late fovereign lord

touchiWre-1 ^n8' bSmry t^e* Eighth, entituled, Ah aft ftr the avoiding of reco-cowries* * verier by collufion^ bp tenants for term of life, (hall be from the Co. Lit. ftrft day of July next enfumg repealed, and' (hall no longer 35s. at 36*% av ftand jn force.

C A P. IX.

An aft dedaring that the tenant and defendant may bane a tales de circumftadtibiie, as well or the demandant or plaintiff.

tttb a- c. e. TTOR die avoiding of great and chargeable delays oftentimes*

f; El. c. 15.	JL* happening unto tenants and defendants, (2) be it enafted,

n l*c That in all cafes, whereas the party plaintiff or demandant by cumftantibas anY ^tite heretofore made; may have upon his or their requeft (hall be grant- made unto the juftices of niff pritis within this realm of England, edatthe te- or to the juftices of oyer or of aflifes of the twelve (hires of nant's or de- fftgles^ and of the counties palatines of Lancafer; Cbefter and fctidafltYfuit.	a tales de drcumflantibtt,r, that in all and every iuch cafe

and cafes* the party and parties, tenants, aftors, avowants and defendants, (if the plaintiffs or demandants (haH upon the calling of the principal panel or jury forbear or refufe to pray the fame) (hall and may, upon his or their requeft or defire, have upon the feme record and by the fame juftices the tales or talejfes unto them granted, in like manner, form and degree, to all ref-pefts and purpofes, as the plaintiff or demandant in any (ait or aftion may have the fame by any . ftatute or ordinance heretofore made or fet forth; (3) and the rather for the fpeedy trial of the iflua* and iflbes joined or hereafter to be joined-in any

2

I57%»1 Aftno decimoquarto ElI£A&etKa. c.io,n. 303

plea, f&ie or aftion j any law, euftom or ufege heretofore ufed to the contrary thereof in any wile notwitWbmding.

II.	Provided alfo, and he it further enafted by the authority The defen-aforefaidi, That in all popular a&ions, information*, bills or foits commenced or had, or hereafter to be commenced or had, in any the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record, upon any penal hrws or ftatutes wherein any perfon doth or (hall foe or profecute, or inform, as weil for the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and foccef-fors, as for himfetf, whereupon iflTue is or (hall be joined Co be tried by the country, that therein the party defendant or defendants (hall be admitted to pray, and have a tales dr etftumflbn* films as in other cafes aforefaid.

CAP. X.

No perfon ufing the trade of making of kerfies, (hall purpofely make any above the length of eighteen yards. REP. 3 jfor. i.c. re.

CAP. XI.

An a8 for the continuation, explanation* per fitting and en~ larging of divers JhUutes.

TX THERE m the parliament holden upon prorogation at Weft- several fta-VV minfter the fourth day of February in the four and men- tutes made in tieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, one aft the-reign# of was there made, intituled, An aft to continue and' renew rite aft	^ *•

made againft killing of calves; and one other aft, intituled, Anr'an^Q^n* aft againft killing of young beads, called wainlings.	ElizRevived,

II.	And where in the fejfton of a parliament ended at Weftmirr- continued and fter on the firjt day of February in the fourth year of iht reign

our late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, one aft was made ^ ft; g ’ concerning the buying and felling of rofher beajfs.	'3 & 4 Ed. 6.

III.	And alfo*one other aft was then and there lifewtfe made, in- c. 19.

tituled, A ft aft for the buying and filling of butter andefieefo. * *	6#

IV.	And where alfo an aft'was made in the firjt fejfton of the par- 5eLc.*. liament holden in the fifth year of the Sgueerfs majefift reign,, inti* 1 El, c. 17. tuled. An aft for the maintenance and increafe of tillage.

V.	And where alfo in the parliament begun at Weftminfter otr the three and twentieth day ^ January in the firjt year oftbereign4 of the 1Queen’s majejly that now h, and there continued. by prorogation until the diffiluthn thereof, one aft was then and there made, intituled. An aft for the prefervation of fpawn and fry of fiffr.

VI.	And where alfo in the firjl fefjton of the parliament begun 5 El. c. 7. and holden at Weftminfter in the fifth year of the reign of our fove-

reign lady the Sjhieen's majejly that notv is, and from thence continued by prorogation until the dijfolution thereof, one aft was then and there made, intituled. An aft for the avoiding of divers foreign wares made by bandicraftfmen beyond the feas.

VII.	And one other aft, intituled. An aft for the punifhment 5 El. c. 9, of fuch perfons as (hould procure or commit any wilftil perjury; which afis were limited to endure to the end of the next parliament.

VIII.	And where alfo inthelaft fejfion of the fame parliament g XU c» so. holden by prorogation at Weftminfter in the eighth year of the reign

of

3°4

S El. c. 15.

13 El. c. 15.

xj El. c. 5.

J3EI. C.tU.

>3 El.c. tu

A repeal of a provifo contained in the ftatute of 13 El. c. 15. f. 17.

Certain words contained in the ftatute of 13 El. c. «o. cbfeontinued.

Anno decimo quarto Elizabethjb. c. i i. [i572.

of the Queen*s moft excellent majefty that new is, one aft was then and there made, intituled,\ An alt for bowyers, and the prices of bows, and was made to continue to the endof thefirftfejfion ofthe next parliament.

IX.	And alfo one ether aft was then made, intituled. An alt for the prefervation of grain; (2) all which feveral afts andftatutes were made to continue but for certain times; and all .which afts made in the faid fourth year of King Edward the Sixth, and in the faid fir ft, fifth and eighth years of the Queen* s majefty*s reign, were at the loft parliament holden at Weftminfter the fecond of April in the thirteenth year of the reign of our faid fovereign lady the Queen*s tnajefty 9 made to continue and ftand in force unto the end of the next parliament then next following.

X.	And where aljo in the parliament begun and holden at Weft* minder the fecond day of April in the thirteenth year of the reign of our faid fovereign lady the Queen, one aft and ftatute was then and there made, for the avoiding and abolijhing of feigned, covenous and fraudulent feoffments, gifts, grants, alienations, conveyances, bands, fuits, judgments and executions, intituled. An aft agairtft fraudulent deeds, gifts, grants, alienations, &c. which aft and ftatute was then made to endure unto the end of the fir ft fejjion of the next par-liament, as by the faid aft more plainly will appear.

XI.	And where alfo in the faid parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter the faid fecond day of April, there was alfo one other aft andftatute made for the avoiding of feme leafes in certain cafes, to be made of ecclefiajftical promotions with cure, intituled. An aft touching leafes of benefices and ecclefiaftical livings with cure; which aft was likewifemadeto continue to the endof the next parliament.

XII.	And where alfo there was one other aft andftatute made in the faid parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter the faid fecond day of April in the faid thirteenth year, intituled. An aft that purveyors may take grain, com or viftuals within five miles of Cambridge ana Oxford, in certain cafes, which aft was made like-wife to continue to the laft day of the next parliament.

XIII.	And where in the ftatute made in the thirteenth year of the Queen*s majefty*s reign, intituled. An aft for the reviving and continuance or certain ftatutes, is contained one provifo, that the faid aft concerning the avoiding of foreign wares made by handier aftf-men beyond the feas, or any claufe, article or meaning therein contained, jhould not. m any wife extend to be prejudicial to any entercourfe or treaties of any entercourfe then Jlanding in force, had or made between the progenitors of the-Queen*s majefty, or her highnefs, and any others: (2) now for good confederations, and fpecially that ft rangers may not be at liberty, and the Queerls majefty*s natural fubjefts ref-trained, be it enafted, That the faid provifo, and every claufe, article and matter therein contained, (hall from henceforth be repealed and utterly void.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted that thefe words [fo foon as it or any part thereofJhall come to any pojfejjion or ufe aboveforbidden, or] which words are contained in the Sid ftatute made in the faid thirteenth year, touching leafes of benefices, and other ecclefiafti-cal livings with pure, (hall not be revived by this aft but remain difeontinued, and (hall from henceforth be omitted out of the faid

' aft*

x572*] A»na:dedm6 q\aafto Elizabeths. c.ii. 305

aft; anything in the* faid aft, or in this ad to the contrary not-withftandmg.

XV f.And where fundryevtl-difpofedperfons have defrauded the true Bonds and co-meaningofthe faid laft nunti&nedJlatuU made in the findthirteentbyear, ^nan*8 f?r by bond* and covenants offuffering other perfom to enjoy ecclefiajiical liv~ ©f leaiSyfli3l ings, end the:fruits thereoffor that fuch bonds and covenants are not in be void. law taken to be leafes, although indeed they amount to as much: (4) be 43El-c- 9* it therefore enafted, That all bonds, contrafts, promises and co- 1 5u}2r*1X14 venants hereafter to be made for fuffering or permitting any per- Moor^iM* fon to enjoy any benefice or ecclefiaftical promotion with cure, or	’	**

to take profits or fruits thereof, other than fuch bonds and covenants as (hall be made for ailurance of any leafe heretofore made*

(hall be to all intents and purpofes adjudged of fuch force and validity and not otherwife, as leafes by the fame perfons made of fuch benefices and ecclefiaftical promotions with cure.	‘

XVI. And be it further declared and enafted, That all leafes* Leafes. made bonds, pronivfes and covenants of and concerning benefices and by curates, of ecclefiaftical livings with cure, to be made by any curate, (hall be^neficc*>wit^ of no other nor better force, validity or continuance, than if the cure* fame had been made by the beneficed perfbn himfelf that demited, or fhall demife the fame to any fuch curate.

X VII. And where in one other aft made in the faid thirteenth yeetr^ x 3 £1* c. x«, intituled, An aft againft fraudulent gifts, to the intent to defeat dilapidations of ecclefiaftical livings, and for leafes to be granted by collegiate churches, there is one branch to avoid certain leafes to be made by majlers and fellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral or collegtate churches, majters or guardians of any hofpital, or by any parfon, vicar or any other, having any fpiritual or ecclefiajiical living; (2) be it enafted, That the faid branch, nor any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to any grant, afluranCe or leafe of any houfes belonging to any the perfons or bodies politick or corporate aforefaid, nor to any grounds to fuch houfes appertain* ing, which houfes be fituate in any city, borough, town corporate or market-town, or the fuburbs of any of them, (3) but that all made fuch houfes and grounds maybe granted, demiledand afliired, byfairifual as by the laws of this realm, and the feveral ftatutes of the faid perfons of ^ colleges, cathedral churches and hofpitals, they lawfully might ^orcorool have been before the making of the faid ftatute, or lawfully might rate towns, be if the (aid ftatute were not; (4) fo alway that fuch houfe be 2 Leon. iS8. not the capital or dwelling-houfeufed for the habitation of the per- 1 Ro11*,6r-fons abovefaid, nor have ground to the fame belonging above the quantity of ten acres* any thing in the faid aft to the contrary nots- chapter of withftanding.	St. PauTst in

XVIII.	Andbe4t further enafted, That all fumsof money here-	Proc-

after to be recoyered,for or in name of dilapidations, by fentence, ,718* compofition or otherwife, (hall within two years after fuch receipt ^^Ho^dihi-be truly employed upon the buildings and reparations, in refpeft pidations (halt whereof fuch money for dilapidations (hall be paid; (2) on pain be employed that every perfon fo receiving and not employing as aforefaid, (hall in r*pair of forfeit double as much as fo (hall be by him received and not employed; the which forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors.

Vol. VI,	X	XIX.	Pro-

jo6	Anno clcctmo quarto Elisabethjb. c.i 2, [1572*

Certain ob- XIX. Provided alway, and be it enafted,. .That no kafc (hall fcrvatioM m ^ permitted to be made by force of this aft, in reverfion, (a) be*mack by nor without refcrving the accu domed yfearly rent at the lew, fpiritual per* (3) nor without charging the leflee with the reparations, (4) ions accord- por for longer term than forty years.at the <moft; (5) nor any ing to this houfes (hall be permitted to be aliened, unlefa that in recotn-Ra u e' pence thereof there dull be afore, with or prefently after fucb No college alienation, good, lawful and fufiicie&t sffilrance made hi fee-^"fev^thout ftroplc abfolutely to (itch colleges, houfes, bodies.politick or prefenTand corporate, and their fucceflbrs,' of lands of as good value, and sufficient fa- of as great yearly value at the lead, aa fo (hall he aliened ; any tisfaftion. ftatute to the contrary notwithftending.

The firft XX. And forafmuth as all the fame Jtveral alls and flatsetes and mentioned ij mery of them do fttrn good, btneficial and needful .to be further etTunrilthe* continued, for the vital and profit of this realm, (2) be it there-endoftbe fore now enafted, by the Queen's mod excellent majefty, with next p&rlia- the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and fhcaanpsnons, <“*t> in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That the fame feveral afts and ftatutes and every of them, and all and every article, claufe and fentences, in them and every of them, contained, (hall continue, be and endure in full force and effeft until die end of the next parliament. 39 El. t. 18.

CAP. XII.

An aB for the repeal of a ftatute made in anno o&aro ef the Qtyetris majefty's reign touching the town of Shrewl-bury.

s nra h f XX/HERE at the parliament helien at Weftminfter the loft day the ftatuteof '* °f September in the eighth year of the reign of ourfoveragn s El. c. 7. lady the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, there was an a& made, in-' a* reftraincth tituled, An aft touching drapers, cottoners and frizera in the tl,e ’"' town of ShrewJbury in the county, of Salop : and m the fame a8 Shrewsbury to ^ere Xi contained matter then fuppofcd for the benefit of the food town buy WeHh of Shrew (bury, in advancing the corporation of drapers, cetinrn doth, cottons and frizers ef the faid town; (a) and it was thereby enaSoi, That u &***&*$• from and after the feaft of Eafter then next tnfiang, no manner per-Jon or perms whatfeeverinhabiting and dwelling within the fad town of Shrewfbury, or the liberties or franchises of the fame town (other than fuch as then bad, or then after Should fervt at apprentice in the occupation or fcience of drapers, or thou bad been, or thereafter Should be, free of thefold fcience or mtfhry) Jhould occupy, nfe, eecer-, cife or freauent the Jaid trade, art, myftery or fcience of buying ef the faid Welrn cloth or lining, cottons, frisois or plains, tier have any faftor or doer for him or them in the feme, nor by any colour, engine or fraud, buy any of the faid frizes, linings, cottons and plains-, (3) upon pain that every perfon and per fins inhabiting as is eeforefind, and occupying, ufing or txtrciftng the faid trade, art, myftery, occupation or fcience of buying.of rf t\9a clothes and lutings, he. .and not authortfid by the oil, Jhould lofe. and forfeit for. every pitce of the fad clothes bought,fixJbiMtigseight.pence;

II.	And

1572.] Anno dcdtno quarto EllZABETHA. c.13,14.	307

II.	And where ftthence the making of the faid aft* experience bath The inconve-plainly taught in the faid tewn, that the faid aft hath not only not

brought the good effeft that then was hoped and furmfod, but alfo tbe taking hath been and now is likely to be tbe very greatijl caufe of the im- of the afore* poveri/bing and undoing of the poor artificers and others, at whofe Aid a&, to fuit the faid aft was procured, for that there be now fithence the ^itantslof snaking of the faidfiatute, much fewer perfons to fet them a~wori shrewftmry than before; (2) and by refraining all other inhabiters of the find and others* town of Shrewfouryfrom the former lawful trade ever heretofore ufed of buying of Welfh clothes, frizes, cottons, linings and plains .

(leaving the fame neverthelefs free for all the fubjefts of England,

without any reftraint,faving for the find inhabitants of the town of

Shrewsbury and the liberties and frandnfes of the fame town only)

hath been the evident occafion of great decay, not only to the faid town,

and the liberties and franchifes of the fame, but alfo to a great and

infinite number of poor people in North-Wales, that is to fay, iH

the counties of Mountgomery, Denbigh, Merioneth, and alfo the

town of Ofwefter, and the greatefi part of the country thereabouts$

where tbe faid Welih clothes, frizes, cottons, linings and plains are

'made and fold, which were wont to be maintained and relieved by	,	,

trade of making or working of the findfrizes, cottons, &e. contrary

to the expectation that tbep was wrongfully conceived:	A repeal of

III.	fie it therefore at the humble fuit of the inhabitants of part of the the faid town, and alfo of the laid artificers, for whofe benefit ft at of 8 El. the faid ad was fuppofed to he provided, Cna&ed, That the c- 7-am* * faid ad, and all the matter in the laid ad contained, (hall from of^etefiduc. henceforth be repealed and made void $ any thing in the faid

ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always. That fiTmuch of tbe faid ftatbte of the eighth year of our fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty that now is, and every article and. branch therein contained as toucheth the pnefent and ready payment of money to fheermen, cottoners and frizers, for their work, and alfo as toucheth tbe reftraint of fuch as (hall or do occupy or nfe the trade of buying of frizes, cottons or plains, from the ufc or exercife of the faculty of frieing or cottoning, (hall ftand and be in force) any thing in this ftatute to tbe contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XIII.

Hexham and Hexauf/bire, with the liberties there, (hall be within the county of Northumberland.

CAP. XIV.

AnaBfor tbe affurance of gifts, grants, See. modi and to be made to and for tbe relief of tbe poor in tbe befpitals.

See.

WHERE out hue fovereign herd of famous memory King Edward tbe Sixth, by his Utters patents dated the twenty-fixth day e/'Jtme in the feventh year of bis moft gracious reign, did found,ere£t and eftabli/b three hojpitals in'and near to the city ./"London , tailed tbs hofyitah of Ed.ward tbe Sixth, ^

X 2	Bridewell,

4	Anno dccimo quarto Elizabeths, c.14. [1572.

Bridewell, and St. Thomas the apojile \ and by bis faid Utters patents gave and granted power and liberty for purchqfing of lands> tenements and hereditaments for the relief andfujlentation ofthe poor in the faid hofpitals, as by the faid letters patents mare plainly op-peareth. And whereas alfo our late fovereign lord King Henry the Eighth, by his letters patents dated the thirteenth of January in the thirty-eighth year of bis reign, did found an hofpital in Weft-Smith-field called Little St. Bartholomew’s near London. And whereas divers well-difpofed and charitable perfons have given lands, tenements and hereditaments) to the relief and fujlentation of the poor, not only in the faid hofpitals, but alfo in other hofpitals. And as it is hoped many more hereafter will likewife charitably give, and where many of fuch gifts and ajfurances have been and are likely to be made by the laft wills ofthe givers thereof at which time for want of counfel or other opportunities, it may \yappen that the right name of the faid corporation hath not or fball not be truly named or exprejfed) whereby may grow fome queflion of the validity of fuch grants9 gifts or devices : Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all gifts, giants, legacies, devifes and ailurances made or to be made of any lands, tenements and hereditaments, by will, feoffments or otherwife, to the ufe or for the relief of the poor in any hofpital now remaining and being in Effe^ and employed to the relief or maintenance of the. poor in the faid hofpitals, or any of them, (hall be as good and available in law, accord-* ing to the true meaning of any fuch donor, grantor, teftator, devifor or aflurer, as if the faid corporation had been or were in the writings or deeds of fuch gifts, grants, devife or aflu-rance, or in fuch laft will or teftament, rightly or truly named; any fuch mifnaming, mifreciting, or not true naming or reciting of the faid corporation to the contrary notwithftanding: faving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucceffors, other than fuch donor, grantor, teftator, devifor and a (furer, their heir s'and fucceftors, all fuch right, title and intereft, as they or any of them have or (hall have in or to any lands, tenements or hereditaments fo given, granted, devifed or allured, as if this alt had never been had nor made. And where in the laft parliament holden at Wejlminjler it was provided and enalted among other things. That from henceforth all leafes, gifts, grants, feoffments, conveyances or eftates, to be had, made or fuffered by any matter and fellows of any college, dean and chapter of any cathedral church, mafter or guardian of any hofpital, parfon, vicar, or any other having any fpiritual living of any houfe, lands, tenements or hereditaments, parcel of the pofieffion of any fuch college, cathedral church, hofpital, parfonage, vicarage or other fpiritual promotion, or pertaining to the fame, or any of them, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, other than for term of one and twenty years? or three lives, in manner and form as is mentioned in the faid alt, fhould be uttely

J57&] Anno decimo odtevo Elizabeth®. c.i.	309

void and of none effect. Be it enafted and declared by the authority of this prefent parliament. That thefe words (matter or guardian) of any hofpital mentioned in the faid former a<ft, were intended and meant of all hofpitals, Maifon Dieus, bead-houfes, and other houfes ordained for the fuftentation or relief of the poor, and fo (hall be expounded, declared and taken for ever#

Anno decimo o&avo Regina Elizabeth-®.

AT this prefent feffion of parliament by prorogation bold-en at Weftminfter the eighth day of February in the eighteenth year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, France, and Ireland, Queen, defender of the faith, &c. And there continued until the fifteenth day of March following; to the high pleafure of Almighty God, and weal publick of tbit realm, were enabled as followetb,

CAP. I.

An all againfi the diminifhing and impairing of the Queen's majefifs coin, and other coins current within this realm.

WHEREAS the offences of tipping, rounding, wajhing and

filing, for wicked lucre or gainsfake, of any the proper monies fcaling or or coins of this realm or the dominions thereof, or of the monies or lightning of coins of any other realm allowed by proclamation, and fuffered to be “I C01“ 5UI> current within this realm or the dominions thereof, by afiatute made in the fifth year of the Queen's majefifs reign, are taken, deemed (hall be high and adjudged to be treafon; (2) and the offenders therein, their treafon. counfeuors, confenters and aiders likewife deemed and adjudged as 5 ®l*c» offenders in treafon, and being thereof lawfully convifted or attainted, 3 Inft* *7* according to the due order and courfe of the laws of this realm, are to fuffer pains of death, and to lofe and forfeit all his and their goods and chattels, and alfo all his and their lands and tenements, during his and their natural life or lives only, as by the faid efiatute thereof made, among other things therein contained, more at large it doth and may appear: (3) fithence the making of which good law andfiatute divers falfe ana evil-difpoftd perfons, knowing that the faid law being, other undue as it is, penal, ought to be taken and expoundedfiriftly according to.mean prac-the words thereof, and the like offences, not by any equity to receive to the like punijbment or pains, have fithence the making of the faid law not within the andfiatute mofi wickedly devifed and pra&ifed, for wicked uccre and ftrift word of gains-fake, other arts, undue ways and means, to falfify, impair, the forefaid diminijh and lighten, as well the proper monies and coins of this realm ttatute. and the dominions thereof, as alfo the monies or coins of other realms allowed and fuffered to be current within this realm and the dominions thereof by her Majefifs proclamation, to the great damage, lofs, hurt and deceit, as well of her Majefly, as of all her faithful

X 3	and

✓

310	Anno	decimo	oftavo	EtraABETH^.	c.	2.	[1576.

and laviftg fubjeft$y and more is Hie hereafter to be praftifed and doney if the fame be not Jpeedily met withal: (4) for reformation and remedy whereof, be it enaded, declared and eftablifhed by the authority of this prefent parliament, That if any perfon or perfons, of what eftate, degree or condition foevcr he or they be, {half from and after the hrft day of April next coming, for wicked lucre or gains-fake, by any art, ways or means what-foever, impair, diminifh, falfify, fcale or lighten the proper monies or coins of this realm or any the dominions thereof, or the monies or coins pf any other realms allowed and fuffered to be current at the time 01 the offence committed within this realm of England or any the dominions of the fame, by the

Sreclamation of the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, lall be taken, adjudged and deemed to be treafon; (5) and the offenders therein, their counfellors, confenters and aiders, (hall be likewife deemed and adjudged as offenders in treafon, and being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, according to the due order of the laws of this realm, (hall fuffer pains of death j (6) and lofe and forfeit all their goods and chattels to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, and (hall alio lofe and forfeit to the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs and fucceflbrs, all their lands, tenements and 'hereditaments, during his or their natural life or lives only.

No corruption	II. Provided always, ana be it enaded by the authority

of Wood or aforefaid, That this ad, nor any thing therein contained, nor thisaiJY attainder or attainders of any perfon or perfons for. any treafon. offence or offences made treafon by this ad, mail in any wile extend, or be judged, interpreted or expounded to make any *	corruption of blood	to any the heir or heirs of any fuch offender or offenders,	or to make the wife of any fuch offender

to lofe or forfeit her dower of or in any lands, tenements or hereditaments,' or her title, adion or intereft to the fame; any thing in this ad contained, or any attainder or attainders here-^ after to be had, for any offence or offences made treafon by this ad, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Trial of a III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, peer by his	That if any of the	lords of the parliament, or peer of this

jpeers.	realm, for the time being, (hall fortune at any time hereafter

to be indided of any offence made treafon by this ad, that then they and every of them (hall have his or their trial by their peers, as hath been ufed heretofore in cafes of high treafon. 25 Ed. 3. flat. 4^5 c. 2.	1 Ma.feffl 2. c. 6.

CAP. II.

An ad for confirmation of letters patents. A confirmation of the af-* furance made of any lands to the Queen by any other perfon fince the beginning of her reign. The right of others (aved. A confirmation ' pf the letters patents of the Quedn made (itbence the beginning of her reign, or to be made feven years after. Defefts in letters patents faved. Patents of offices. A fatisfa&ion to the Queen for the overplus of the value of the lands by her granted. Patents or grants whereunto this (fatute (hail not extend. 34 Sc 35 H. 8. c. 21. 1 Ed. 6, c. 8. 7 Ed. 6. c. 3. 4&5P. &M. c. x. 35 EL c. 3. 43. El. c; i.

CAP.

jr 576*'] Anno deeimo octavo Elizabeths, c. 3,4.	311

CAP. III.

Jufticts of peace (halt order the punifrment of the mother and reputed • '	father of a baftard, Ac.

II. Concerning baftards begotten and bom out of lawful ma- Oro. Car* 341# trimony, fan offence againft God’s law and man’s law) the 350,470. faid baft arcs being now left' to be kept at the charges of the parilh where they be bom, to the mot burden of the fame parilh, and in defrauding of the relief of the impotent and aged true poor of the fame parilh, and t<} the evil example and encouragement of lewd life: (a) it is ordained and enabled by Mod. cafes us the authority afore&id, That two prices of the peace (whereof L*w*# one to be of the quorum, in or next unto the limits where the parilh church'is, within which parilh fuch baftard (hall be born, upon examination of the caufe and circumftance) (hall and may by their diferetion take order, as well for the puniftu ment of the mother and reputed father of fuch baftard child, as ajfo for the better relief of every fuch parilh in part or in all 5 (3) and lhall and may likewife by like diferetion take order for 2 buML 341, the keeping of every fuch baftard child, by charging fuch 34s, 350,355. mother or reputed father, with the payment of money weekly A provision or other fuftentation for the relief of luch child, in fuch wile ^ keep-as they lhall think meet and convenient: (4) and If after the boards, fame order by them fubferibed under their hands, any the faid Farther provi* perfons, viz. mother or reputed fether, upon notice thereof, wj***rel*t~ (hall not for their part obferve and perform the faid order 5 that then every fuch party fo making default in not perform- 7 J *,? c’ ** ing of the faia order, to he committed to ward to the common gaol, (c) there to remain without bail or mainprife, except he, me or they lhall put in fufficient furety to perform the faid order, or elle perfonally to appear at the next general feflions of the peace to be holden in that county where luch order (hall be taken, (6) and alfo to abide fuch order as the faid juftices of the peace or the more part of them then and there (hall take in that behalf (if they then and there lhall take any;) (7) and that if at the laid feflions the faid juftices /hall take no other order, then to abide and perform the order before made as is abovefaid. 3 Car. I. c 4. continued until the end of the firjl fef fton of the next parliament, and farther continued ky 16 Car. 1, c. 4.

A rogue lhall be conveyed from conftable to conftable until he come to the gaol. A ftock to let the poor on work lhall be provided in every , Roll. 6af city and town corporate. Houles of correction (hall be affigned in every stiles *07,43* county. Lands holden in focage may, during twenty years, be given	”

towards the maintenance of homes of correction and docks for the poor.

EXP.

CAP, IV,

Every perfon which hath or daimeth to have any eftstc of inheritance, leafe or rent, not already eotred of record in the exchequer, of, in or . to any lands or hereditaments, &c, by any afturance made by Charles earl ofWeftmorlanJ, or any other rebels in the north attainted, named in the ftatute of 13 EBx. c. 16. or in any of the records of their fevcral attainders, at any time within two years next before the feventh day of £ 4	ffovember,

31%	Anno decimo o&avo Elizabeth#. c.$;	[1576.

ft (membery man n. oft he Queen's reign, (hall within one year next entiling the 6rft day of May next, openly (hew forth in the exchequer in ; the term time, the feme his conveyance, and exhibit the fame to be in- ' rolled of record : or elfe dvery fuch conveyance made by any of the ! faid rebels (hall be void: and after the laid party which exhibited ! the fame conveyance, may within one year produce witnefies to be ex- j amined in the exchequer, to prove the fame to be made bona fideand j yet if at the fuit of tne Queen or any of her patentees, it (hall be found ' by verdiCt, that any fuch conveyance was ma'de by covin to defraud the Queen of her forfeiture, it (hall be void: but this aft (hall not extend to any bargain and fale made of lands by deed indented and inrolled, nor to leafes for three lives, or one and twenty years, nor to eltates grant- j ed by copy according to the cuftom of the manor, fo ufed to be letten *	by the fpace of twenty years, whereupon the old and accuilomed yearly |

rent or more (hall be referved. 7 Co, iu 13 Eiiz. c, 16.	j

CAP. V.

An all to redrefs diforders in common informers.

The duty of O R redrefling of divers diforders in common informers, an informer	and for better execution of penal laws, (2) be it ena&ed,

aluk iaponT That every informer upon any penal flatute (hall exhibit his penal ftatute, fuit in proper perfon, and purfue the fame only by himfelf and his pu- or by his attorney in court; (3) and that none (hall be ad-itifliment if he	or received to purfue againft any perfon or perfons upon

jCr<L EU .77 any Peual ftatute, but by way of information or original adlion *	9 ana not otherwise; (4) nor (hall have ne ufe any deputy or

3Inft. 19s. deputies at all; (5) and that upon every fuch information A note of the which (hall be exhibited, a fpecial note be made of the very a^yearof day, u^uth and year of the exhibiting thereof into any office the exhibit-' or to any officer which lawfully may receive the fame, with-ing of an in- out any manner of antedate thereof to be made, and that the formation. fatne information be accounted and taken to be of record from that time forward and not before. (6) And be it likewife enafted for the confideration aforefaid, That no procefs be fued out upon any fuch information, until the information be Indorfement exhibited in form aforefaid; (7) and that upon every fuch proof the propefs pefc (hall be indorfed, as well the party’s name that purfueth the awarded upon fame procefs, as alfo the ftatute upon which the information in tion. ma	*kat behalf made is grounded: (8) and that every clerk mak-

** ’*	ing out procefs contrary to the tenor and provifion of this aft,

(hall fprfeit and lofe forty (hillings for every fuch offence, the one half to be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuc-ceffor$, and the other half to the party againft whom any fuch defeftive procefs (hall be awarded, to be recovered m any court of record, by aftion of debt or information, in which no effoio, protection, injunction or wager of law (hall be permitted or allowed.

Where the II. And be it further enafted, That no jury (hall be corn-trial of an	pelled to appear in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of

iffue (hall be	Wejlminjlery for the trial of any iffue in any fuch fuit upon any

l^penalftat^11 Pena! *aw> f°r any fuch offence committed above thirty miles StUes 381. * front the city of tVeJlminJiery except in cafe where the attorney general for tne time being, for fome reafonable caufe in that behalf to be (hewed, (hall require ihe fame to be tried at the

bar.

157^-1 Anno deeimo odavo Elizabeth-®. c.$.	313

bar, in any of the courts of the Queen’s majedy, her. heirs or fucceflbrs, at fVeJiminJier aforefaid ; (2) which requeft. (hall be noted on the backfide Of the writ of Dijiringas thereupon awarded, to the end the (heriff or his bailiff may and (hall fignify the fame to the jury that are in fuch cafe impanelled.

III.	And be it further enaded, That no fuch informer or No informer

plaintiff (hall or may compound or agree with any perfon or <hali eom-perfons that (hall offend, or (hall be furmifed to offend, againft ppundwith the any penal ftatute, for fuch offence committed, or pretended by^^nt oi to be committed, but, after anfwer made in court unto the in- the court, formation or fuit in that behalf exhibited or profecuted ; (2) * Bulftr. 137* nor after anfwer, but by the order or confent of the court in Hob. 250. which the fame information or fuit (hall be depending ; upon * 5	I03*

the pains and penalties hereafter in this prefent ad fet down The penalty and declared: (3) and that if any fuch informer or plaintiff of an informs aforefaid, (hall willingly delay his fuit, or (hall difcontinue mer delaying or be ponfuit in the fame, or (hall have the trial or matter pad hk°fa?t”or againft him therein by verdid or judgment of law ; That then being nonfuit, in every fuch cafe the fame informer or plaintiff (hall yield, &c. fatisfy and pay unto the party defendant, his cods, charges 2 Lfon* and damages, to be affignea by the court in which the fame Sav“‘ 5°* fuit (hall be attempted: (4) for the recovery and execution whereof every fuch defendant (hall immediately upon the fame

cods, charges and damages adigned, have his Capias ad fatisfac.

Fieri facias, or Elegitj to be awarded unto him out of the fame court in which the fame (hall be fo adigned as is aforefaid, as - * in other cafes of execution.

IV.	And be it alfo enaded. That if any perfon or perfons The punifli-(except the clerks of the court only, for making out of procefs pent of an otherwife than is above appointed) (hall offend in filing out b^haWnghim-of procefs, making of compofition, or other mifdemeanour, fcif jn the contrary to the true intent and meaning of this datute, or (hall profecution by colour or pretence of procefs, or without procefs, upon co- °fh“ fuit,&c. lour or pretence of any matter of offence againd any penal

law, make any composition, or take any money, reward or promife of reward for himfelf, or to the ufe of any other without order or confent of fome of her Majefty’s courts at Wejl-minjler\ that then he or they fo offeriding, being thereof lawfully convided, (hall dand on the pillory in fome market-town next adjoining where the ferae offence (hall be committed, in the open market-time, and there remain by the fpace of two hours; (2) and (hall from and after fuch convidion for ever be difabled to purfue, or be plaintiff or informer in,

. any fuit or information upon any datute popular or penal;

(3) and (hall alfo for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe ten pounds of lawful Englijb money, the one half thereof to the Queen’s majedy, her heirs and fiicceffors, and the other half to the party grieved thereby, to be recovered in any court of record, by adion of debt or information ; in which no efloin, protedipn, injun$io# or wager of law (hall b? permitted of

allowed:

aa the

*P-

314	Anno	dedmo	oftavo	Elizabethan. c.6. [1576.

What juftices allowed ; (4) and that juftices of oyer and terrfiinery juftices of in their circuits, and juftices of peace in their quarter-feflionst (hall have full power and authority to hear and determine all offences to be committed or done contrary to the true intent and meaning of this prefent aft.

V.	Provided always, and neverthelefs be it enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfoiis grieved by means of any manner of maintenance, champerty, buying of titles or imbracery, to purfue upon any the ftatutes prodded and fet forth againft maintenance, champerty, buying of titles or imbracery, as he or they might have done before the making of this aft; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo. That this aft (hall not extend to any ^ fuit already depending, (2) nor (hall reftrain any certain per-genlw f°n9 body politick or corporate, to whom or to whofe ufe

ndfcjr.	any	forfeiture,	penalty	or	fuit	is	or	(hall be fpecially limited

or granted by virtue of any ftatute, and not generally to any perfon that will file, but that every fuch certain perfon, body politick or corporate, which might foe or inform, as if this aft were not made, may in fuch cafe fue, inform and purfue, as he or they might have done if this aft were never had nor made.

; gif

cntoper-fimt certain.

Officers ufing	VII. And provided alfo. That neither this ad, nor any

thing therein contained, (hall in any wife extend to any fuch luiutiom. officers of record, as have in refpeft of their offices heretofore lawfully ufed to exhibit informations or fue upon penal laws, (2) nor to any officers informing or purfuing for matters only concerning his or their offices, {3) but that they and every of them may inform and purfue m that behalf, as they might have done before the making of this aft; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII. This aft to take force and effeft from the feaft of Eafter next coming, and from thenceforth to endure unto the end of the firft feffion of the next parliament. Made perpetual by 27 El. c. 10. 31 EL c. 5.

CAP. VI.

An aft for maintenance of the Colleges in the univerjitiesy and of Winehefter and Eaton.

Upon leafes T7 OR the better maintenance of learning, and the better made by col-	relief of fcholars in the univerfities of Cambridge and Or-

plrt*of the	anc* *ke colleges of Winchefler and Eaten, (2) be it enaft-?

rent (hall be cd by the Queen’s majefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, referved in	and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and

corn*	by the authority of the lame. That no mafter, provoft,

SavilTft 3°7* prefident, warden, dean, governor, reftor or chief ruler of any 1,1	. college, cathedral church, hall or houfe of learning in any of

the univerfities aforefaid, nor any provoft, warden or other

head

1576*3	Anno dcrimo o&aro Elizabeths, c.6.	315

head officer of the faid colleges of Winchefier or Eaton, nor the corporation of any of the fame, by what title, ftile or name fo-ever they now be, (hall or may be called, after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, (hall make any leafe for life, lives or years, of arty farm, or any their lands, tenements or other hereditaments to the which any tithes, arable land, meadow or pafture doth or (hall appertain, except that the one third part at the lead of the old rent be referved and paid in com for the faid colleges, cathedral church, halls and houfes; that is to fay, in good wheat, after fix (hillings and eight pence the quarter or under, and good malt at five (hillings the quarter or under, to be delivered yearly upon days prefixed, at the faid colleges, cathedral church, halls or houfes; (?) and for default thereof, to pay to the faid colleges, cathedral church, halls or houfes, in ready money, at the ele&ion of the faid lef-fees, their executors, adminiftrators and affigns, after the rate *. of the belt wheat and malt in the market of Cambridge for the rents that are to be paid to the ufe of the houfe or houfes there ; and in the market of Oxford, for the rents that are to be paid to the ufe of the houfe or houfes there; and in the market of Winchefier, for the rents that are to be paid to the ufe of the houfe or houfes there; and in the market of Windfor^ for the rents that are to be paid to the ufe.of the houfe or houfes at Eaton; is or (hall be fold the next market day before the faid rent (hall be due, without (rand or deceit: (4) and that all leafes otherwife hereafter to be made, and all collateral bonds or aflurance to the contrary, by any of die faid corporations, (hall be void in law to all intents and purposes: (5) the fame wheat, malt, or the money coming of the feme, to be expended to the ufe of the telier of the commons and diet of the faid colleges, cathedral church* halls and houfes only,

(6)	and by no fraud or colour let or fold away from the profit of the faid colleges, cathedral church, halls and houfes, and the fellows and fcholars in the feme, and the ufe afbrefaid, upon pain of deprivation of the governor and chief rulers of the (aid colleges, cathedral church, halls and houfes, and all other thereunto confenting.

II.	Provided always; That this ad, or any thing therein Mouncken-contained, (hall not extend or be in any wife prejudicial to any baminSu&x. leafe to be made of a bam called Mouncken-Barn^ with a certain portion of tithes, riling, growing and being in the parilh

of Southzveek in the county of Suffix y being parcel of the pof-fefiions of Maudlin College m Oxford9 fo that the term demifed in and by the faid leafe exceed not the number of ten years from and after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming; any thing therein fpecified to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

III.	Provided alfo, That this ad (hall not attend to any Flfield demif-leafe to be made by the prefident and fcholars of the college of to "White. St. John Baptift in Oxford, to any heir male of Sir Thomas Whitex

late knight and alderman of London, founder of the faid college;

which

$i6

tTnft. 65*114. Hob.

, 191*

None (hall have clergy that commit* teth rape or burglary, xi Co. 33.

No man allow-ed his clergy ihall be committed to the ordinaiy, but prefently de-ftvered.

4. H. 7. c. 13. 3 Ed. x. c. a. 5 Co. xro. Cro. Jac. 430.

The juftices may retain offenders in prifon for a time.

% Bulfhr. 137.

To knowa woman carnally under the age of ten years (hall be felony.

Anno decimo o&avo Elizabeth®. c.7. [1576.

which leafe (hall be made according to the meaning of the foundation and ftatutes of the laid college, of the manor of FijUUL> and no other hereditaments.

CAP. VII.

An aft to take annoy clergy from the offenders in rape or bur-glary9 and an order for the delivery of clerks comnft without purgation.	.

FOR the reprefling of the moft wicked and felonious rapes or raviftunents of women, maids, wives and damofels, and of felonious burglaries, and for the avoiding of fundrv peijuries and other abufes, in and about the purgation q( clerks convidt delivered to the ordinaries, (2) be it enadted and ordained by the authority of this prefent parliament. That if any perfon or perfons (hall fortune at any time after the firft day of June now next enfuing, to commit or do any manner of felonious rape, ravifhment, or burglary, and to be found guilty by verdidt, of any fuch felonious rape or burglary, (3) or that any perfon or

!>erfons (hall fortune to be outlawed for any the offences afore-aid, (4) or upon his or their arraignment mall confefs any fiich felonious rape or burglary; (5) that in every fuch cafe, every perfon and perfons fo being found guilty, outlawed or confefiing any of the (aid felonious rapes or burglaries, (hall fuffer pains of death, and forfeit as in cafes of felony hath been ufed and ac-cuftomed by the common laws of this realm, without any allowance of the privilege or benefit of clergy; any law, cuftotn or ufage heretofore had, made or ufed to me contrary notwith-(landing.

II.	And moreover, be it further enadted by the authority a-forefaid, That every perfon and perfons, which at any time after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament (hall be admitted and flowed to have the benefit or privilege of his or their clergy, (hall not thereupon be delivered to the ordinary as hath, been accuftomed, but after fuch clergy allowed, and burning in the hand, according to the ffatute in that behalf provided, mall forthwith be enlarged and delivered out of prifon by the jullices before whom fuch clergy (hall be granted, that caufe notwith-ftanding.

III.	rrovided neverthelefs, and be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the juftices before whom any fuch allowance of clergy (hall be had, (hall and may for the further correction of fuch perfons to whom fuch clergy (hall be allowed, detain and keep them in prifon for fuch convenient time as the lame juftices in their diferetions (hall think convenient, fo as the lame do not exceed one year’s imprifonment; any law or ulage heretofore had or ufed to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

IV.	And for plain declaration of law, be it enabled. That if any perfon (hall unlawfully and carnally know and abufe any woman-child under the age of ten years, every fuch unlawful and carnal knowledge (hall be felony, and the offender thereof

being

3*7

1576]* Anno decimo oftavo ElizaBeth/b. c.8.

being duly convidted (hall fuffer as a felon without' allowance of clergy.

V.	Provided always. That all and every perfon and perfons, He that is al-which (hall hereafter be admitted to have the benefit of his lowed his or their clergy, (hall notwithftanding his or their adniiffion to clergy (hall the fame, be put to anfwer to all other felonies whereof he or o^« felonies they (hall be hereafter indidled or appealed, and not being there- 25 Ed. ftatJ of before<acquitted, convidted, attainted or pardoned, (2) and 3. c. 5.

(hall in fuch manner and form be arraigned, tried, adjudged, * EI- c-+* and fuffer fuch execution for the fame, as he or they fhould have done, if, as clerk.or clerks convidt, they had been de-‘p** * livered to. the ordinary, and there had made his or their purgations, any thing in this adfc contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. VIII.

An a£I for the appointing of juftices in theJhires (/Wales.

WHEREAS by divers laudable Jlatutes, ufages and laws of this The Queen reahny for the good government and adminiftration of jujlice !***? appoint within the principality and dominion / Wales, and the county pala-tine of Chefter, it hath been ejlabhjbedy ufed and enaftedy among Wales, and of other tbingSy That there flail be holden and kept fejjions twice in every what things year in every of the Jhires in the find dominion and principality /they may hold Wales; that ts to Jay, in the Jhires / Glamorgan, Brecknock,	8 c i6u

Radnor, Caermarthen, Pembroke, the town ana county of Haver-	& 15’ h. 8.

ford-weft, Cardigan, Mountgomery, Denbigh, flint, Caernar- c. »6. von, Merioneth and Anglefey, and in the fiaid county palatine of Chefter; the which feffions are called the King's great feffions: (2) and that the jujlice of Chefter, for the time beingy Jball hold and keep feffions twice in every year in the flires of Chefter, Denbigh, Flint and Mountgomery: (3) and likewife that the jujlice / North-?

Wales JbaU hold and keep feffions twee every year in every of the faid Jhires of Caernarvon, Merioneth and Anglefey: (4) and that alfo one perfon learned in the laws of this realm of England, by the Queen's majejly to be appointed, jball be jujlice of the Jhires /Radnor, Brecknock and Glamorgan, and Jhall in like wife hold and keep feffions twice in every year in every of the fame Jhires; (5) and that one other perfon learned in the laws of this realmy to be appointed as is aforefaidy jhall be jujlice of the Jhires of Caermarthen, Pembroke and Cardigan, and the town and county of Haverford-weft, and Jhall likewife hold and keep feffions twice in every year in every of the faid Jhires: (6) and that the faid perfons orjuflicesy and every of them then beingy or that thereafter Jhould be9 Jbould have feveral let-ters patents and commijftms for their offices under the great feal of England, to be exerctfed by themfekues or their fiufficient deputifSy according to the purports and intents in the ordinances fpecified:

II. Forafmuch as by the good adminiftration of jujlice within the The benefits • find Jhires and counties, the Jame principality and dominion / Wales, enfuingby the and the faid county palatine of Chefter, are reduced te great obedience	of iufl^ce

of her Majejly's laws, and the fame greatly inhabited manured and jft Wajes, peopledy (2) and for that all and all manner of caufitSy pleas, afiicns, Cheihire, k c.

as

3*8

To'have one judge overcharged with the hearing of many cautes, is a great delay of juftice.

The Queen may grant comraHfibns of aflociationt to any perfbns learned, to be adbdate with juftices.

Anpo decimo o&avo Elizabeths, c.8. [ 1576.

as %veU real, perfonal end mxt, as treafons, pleas of the crown, at* taints, conspiracies, ajjifes, quare impedit, appeals of murder, maims and felony, and trial upon all murders, manflaughters and felonies whatfoever ariftng within the fold fevered circuits, are by the find laws, ufages and ftatutes impleadable, impleaded and determinable before cm indy jufticeas is aforefaid : (2) and for that many great and weighty caufes, matters, qmftions, demurrers and ambiguities in law do thereupon daily arife, increafe, and are like daily more and more to increafe, within the find /hires, to the infinite trouble of fuck one juftice within every of the /aid feveral circuits, and to toe great delay and hindrance of ademntftratien of juftice;

* III. For the better and more fpeedy remedy whereof, her Majefty s jubjefts of the fmd principality and dominion of Wales, and county palatine of Chefter, have made their moft humble petition and fait to her Higbnefs to have two juftices learned in the laws in every of the faid feveral circuits: (2) and forafmucb as feme meftion, ambiguity and doubt hath been heretofore made, whether her Higbnefs by her letters patents under the great feal */England might or may authorife, conftitute or appoint two perfbns or more to be,her Htghmfs.juftices in every vf the faid fiveral circuits, or grata ccmmffion or commiffions of affectation or affociatim to or with every or any fach feveral juftice and juftices, or no; and atfo whether after faxh grant, the aamini-ftration of juftice in thofe offices arid function done by two, may be fuf-ficiently rewarded by law, or no: (3) for plain explanation whereof, and for the better redrtfs and more jpeody adminiftration of jetftice to be had touching thepremjfes. Be it declared, explained, enabled and eftaWilhed by the Queen's moft excellent majefty, by the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the Queen’s highnefs, her heirs" and fucoeflors, may and ftiall at her and their will and pleaiure have full power, prerogative and authority, from time to time, to conftitute, autho-rife, name or appoint two or more learned, as aforefaid, in the Jaws of this realm, to be juftices of and for the faid counties of Chefter, Flint, Denbigh, and Mountgomery, (4) and two or more learned, as aforefaid, to be juftices of blorlb-Wales, viz. of and for the faid (hires of Angle fey, Caernarvon and Merioneth, (5) and likewife two or more learned, as aforefaid, to be juftices of and for the faid circuits and (hires of Radnor, Glamorgan and Brecknock, (6) and alfo two or more learned, as aforefaid, to be juftices of and for the faid circuit and (hires of Cardigan, Caermar-tben and Pembroke, and the town and county of Haverford-weft \ any law, ufage, opinion or ftatute to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

IV.	And that her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, may and (hall at her and their goad will and pleafure, from time to time, aflbeiate and grant commifiion and commiffions of afTociation or aflbciations under the great feal of England to any perfon or perfons learned, as aforefaid, to be aflbeiate to or. with every or any fuch feveral juftice or juftices for the time being, of the faid feveral circuits and counties aforefaid, or in any of the faid 1	coun-

2

i57<>'3 Anno dedmo oftavo Elizabeths c.S.	‘	319

counties: (2) and that all and every fuch two juftices or more, within every of the faid federal circuits and counties, and alio that every rach jaftice or juftices, together with fuch perfon or perlons aflociate (if any fuch aflbciation or aflociations (hall happen to be* as aforefeid) during fuch affociation, and after fuch afiociatipn ended, or without fuch afiociation, fuch juftice or juftices (hall have the like full power, preheminence, authority and jurifdidion from henceforth, to all intents, conftrudions, purpofes and effeds, as any one juftice within any of the laid, circuits or (hires aforefaid, now hath, or at any time heretofore had or ought to have; (3) and allb (hall have like power. Of what ' authority, preheminence and juriididion to keep and hold the things die two feveral (effions aforefaid twice in eveiy year, in eveiy of the faid (hires within their feveral circuits aforefaid, {4) and to hear, determine, order, award, adjudge, receive, take knowledge of, may HM ' and execute all and Angular caufes, matters, pleas of amzes, feflioiis-treafons, murders, felonies, indictments, appeals of murder, felony and maims, actions reals, perfonals and rnixt, fuits, plaints, informations, quarrels, attaints, confpiracies, quart im-pfdtt9 and all adions grounded upon any ftatute or ftatutes, writs, procefles, returns, eflbins, verdi&s, judgments, fines, acknowledges, confeffions, warrants and executions, adions and ads whatfocver, and to do, perform, obferve, accomplilh and make all and every other ad and ads, matter and matters, thing and things whatfoever, ia like and in as ample, benefit cial, lawful and effedual manner and form, to all conftrudioas, qualities, intents and purpofes, as any of the now feveral juftices, or any one of the now juftice or juftices within the feme feveral circuit or Circuits, and counties aforefeid, may, ought, hath or might lawfully do by force of any law, ufege or ftatute heretofore had, made or ufed before the making of this ad; (5) and that from henceforth all and Angular writs, precedes, returns, Cfibins, vtrdids, judgments, fines, recoveries, recognit* nances, acknowledges, conteffions, ad and ads, thing and things, matter and. matters as aforefaid, had, made, taken, done, returned, heard, determined, awarded, adjudged or executed by or before any fuch two juftices or more, or any fuch juftice or juftices and aflociate or aflbeiates, as aforefeid, to be appointed, nominated, authorized and constituted as aforefeid,

(hall be allowed, taken, coaftrued, expounded and adjudged as good, effedual and available, to all intents, conftrudions and purpofes, as if .the fame had been had, made, taken, done, re-* turned, heard, determined, awarded, adjudged or executed by or before any fuch one juftice, or one of the juftices now or late being juftice or juftices of the fame circuit, or feveral circuits a-forefaid; any law, ufage, ftatute, ad, ordinance or prefcrip-tion to die contrary in any wife notwithftanding*

CAP*

i El. c. 8. 14 El. €.4.

320	Anno	decimo oftavo Elizabeths c.9^ . [1576.

CAR IX.

An aft againft the tranfporting of leather, tallow and raw

bides.

WHERE in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the firfl year of the reign of the Hpueerts mojl excellent majefty, one aft was made, That the carrying ofleather, tallow and raw tides out of the realm for merchandizes, Jhould be felony; which aft was made to endure but for a certain time, and afterwards was difcontinued, and fit hence, viz. in the firfl feffion of this prefent parliament renewed, to c El. c. 8. have continuance for certain years yet to come: (2) and where alfo in fetutc oF tbC die parliament holden in the fifth year of her Majeftfs reign, one other 1 El. c. 8. and °ft was wide, upon great advice, conference and deliberation, concern-14 El! c. 4. ing tanners, curriers, Jhoemakers and other artificers occupying the prohibiting cutting of leather; (3) and thereby all former afts.were repealed con-

in*5 * Heather cern™g the fame, by which means it was hoped that the goodnefs of nigo ea er,	afJ£	^	exc^js	prices	thereof,	as	alfo	of tallow, Jhould have

been remedied, which notwithflanding daily hath increafed, and yet doth 5 the caufe whereof is, that being jhipped for foreign parts, or tranfporied out of the realm, no forfeiture is given to him or them A reviver of that will feize or fue for the fame: (4) for remedy whereof, be it the ftatut e of enafted by the Queen our fovereign lady, and by the authority touchin/the t^lls Prc^ent parliament, That the faid aft made in the faid tranfporti lg Ycar> an<* continued in the firft feflion of this prefent parlia-of leather. ment, (hall be repealed ; (5) and that fo much of the faid aft: Repealed by made in the faid fifth year, and the provifoes therein contained, x jac. 1. c.22. as d0 or derth concern the tranfporting of leather or hides, (hall be continued and duly put in execution.

The penalty II. And be it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for for (hipping any perfon or perfons to lade, (hip or carry in any veflel or (hip, or loading of or otherwife, any leather, tallow or raw hides, of intent to talfowor raw	or carry the fame into any place or places of the parts

hides, to the beyond the Teas, or into the realm of Scotland, by land or by fea, intent to be other than Stotti/h hides, according to the faia provifo in the transported. &id aft made in the faid fifth year; (2) upon the pains and for-ponsrelatinf futures hereafter enfuing; that is to fay, upon the pain of the hereto. S forfeiture of the faid leather, tallow or raw hides fo laden or 13 & 14 Car.2. tranfported, and treble the value thereof, to be forfeited by the r 5r • owner or owners: (3) and alfo the owners of the faid (hips or ture of the veffels, knowing of fuch offence, to forfeit the faid (hips or vef-ownerof a fels, with all their apparel and furniture to them and every of (Hip, matter them belonging; (4) and the matters and mariners knowing of aJrd *?ariner8 foch offence, to forfeit all their goods and chattels, and to have offending. imprifonment by the fpace of one year without bail or main-prize ; (5) the one moiety of all which forfeitures to be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame, by aftion of debt or information in any court of record ; in which fuit no protection . nor wager of law (hall be admitted.

By what	III- Provided always. That if any owner of any fuch (hip or

means the ma- vefTel, or any matter or mariner knowing any fuch tranfporta-

tion

t$76.~\ Anno decimo odtavo Elizabeths. c. io.	321

tion of leather, tallow or raw hides, (hall within three months fter or owner next after his knowledge thereof, or after his return into this mariner mav realm, give good information bona fide, before any of the barons efcape the pe* of the Queen’s majefty’s court of the exchequer, or before the nalty afore* lord prefident or council in the north, or in the marches of faid.

Wales, or before the head officer of any port where he (hall firft arrive, upon his or their oath, of the number and quantity of leather, tallow and raw hides fo carried, conveyed and tranfport-ed, and by whom, where, and in what (hip or veffel, and af-terwards mall be ready upon reafonable warning by procefs to juftify and prove the fame for the Queen's majefty, that then fuch owner or owners, mailer, mariner or mariners, (hall not forfeit his or their (hip, veflel or veilels, nor incur the forfeiture^ aforefaid j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith*

Handing

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, The fubfidy That every perfon or perfons whatfoever, that (hall (hip or car- of hides, ry any leather, tallow or raw hides, otherwife than by force

. the faid provifo made in the faid fifth year, into the parts of be- tranfpoited. yond the feas from henceforth, (hall pay to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceiTors, for every hide (b to be Carried, by the name of fubfidy, the fum of ten millings, (2) and for every dozen of calve-flrins three (hillings four pence, (3) and for every hundred pound weight of tallow fix (hillings eight pence, Caftoitiers,

V.	And further. That all cuftomers, Comptrollers, farmers comptroliert, and fupervifors of cuftoms and fubfidy, (hall be accountant to and farmer* the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, to pay the faid

cuftom and fubfidy for all fuch goods entred 2nd laden, upon t^e hid cu-the pains and penalties contained in the ftatute made for falfe ftoms* concealments of cuftoms and fubfidy in the third year of the 3 H. 6. c. $♦ reign of King Henry the Sixth.

CAR X.

An aft of addition unto the former afts for amending and repairing of highways.

WHERE in theparliamenthoUen at Weftminfter in the fecond who, and for and third years of the reigns of our late fiversign lord and what every lady King Philip and Queen Mans an aft was made and ordained Pj^» for the amending and repairing of highways.	warcfthe a~

II. And whereas there is one other aft made in the fifth year of xntndingaud our Cover sign lady the Queen that now is, for the better amendment ^maintenance highways, wherein feme doubts and defefts have been: (2) for expla-nation whereof and better provifion hereafter to be made for a- * s 3 mendment of high wavs, Be it explained, ordained and enabled 5eL c. 13. by the Queen’s majefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and The charge of the commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the *ach V*rl°n authority of the fame, That every perfon or perfons (except repXing of fuch as (hall dwell in the city of London) that fhali be aflfeffed to highways, the payment of any fubfidy to her Majefty to five pounds in having 5I. ins goods, or forty (hillings in lands or above, during all fuch time goods, or 40 V as he (hall (land fo afleffed and not altered, and being none of m 2X1 8* Vol. VI.	V	the

3«

Anno decimo oftavo Elizabeth je* c.io. [1576.

the parties chargeable for the amendment of highways by any former law, but as a cottager, (hall find two able men yearly to labour in the highways at Rich days and times as by the faid feveral ftatutes are limited and appointed.

The charge of HI* And every other that hereafter (hall occupy a plough-him that bath land in tillage or pafture lying and being In feveral parifhes, one plough- (hall be chargeable to the making of the ways within the parifti U^dm^feveraJ where jjC dwelleth, as far forth and in fuch manner and form a s * any perfon having a plough-land in any one parilh, is or ought to be chargeable by reafon of the Cud former ftatutes or either of them*

The charge of IV. And that every perfon or perfons occupying and keeping feveral^ *ath *n or t*lc*r hands or pofleffion feveral or divers plough-lands plough-lands 38 aforefaid, in feveral or divers towns, (hall be charged to find m feveral pa- in each town or pari(h (where the plough-lands being in his rhbes.	occupying do lie) one cart, wain, tumbrel, dungpot or court,

(leads, cars or drags, fumiflied for the amendment and repairing of the highways within the feveral pari(hes where the faid plough-lands do lie, in fuch manner and form as if he or they were a parifhioner dwelling within the pari(hes where the fame feveral plough-lands do lie.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons that (hall not repair, ditch or fcour any hayes* fences, ditches or hedges adjoining to any highway or common fairing-way, or (hall not cut down or keep low all trees and bu(hes growing in or next adjoining to any the faid ways, according to the true intent and meaning of the a-bove-recited a<ft made in the fifth year of the Queen’s majefty’s reign that now is, for every offence committed therein contraiy to the true intent thereof, (hall forfeit and lofe for every default ten (hillings.

VI.	And that all and every perfon and perfons that (hall occupy any lands adjoining to the faid ground fo adjoining to any fuch highway or common fairing-way, where any ditching or fcouring (hould or ought to be as aforefaid, (hall from time to time as need (hall require, ditch and fcour in his and their ground fo adjoining, whereby the water conveyed from the faid highway or common fairing-way over the ground next adjoining may have paflage over the faid ground fo next adjoining to that ground, upon pain of forfeiture for every time fo offending, For every rood not fo ditched and fcoured twelve pence.

VII.	And for the better keeping of the highways pafiable for her Majefty’s people, Be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons having any ground by leafe or other-wife, adjoining to any highway or common fairing-way leading to any market-town, (hall caft or fcour any ditch and throw or lay the foil thereof into the highway, and fuffer it to lie there by the fpace of fix months, to the annoyance of the faid highway or common fairing.way, upon pain of forfeiture for every load of foil fo caft into the highway or common fairing-way in

(2) and where any heretofore

The penalty for not fcouring ditches, hayes and fences, or not cutting down of buflie*.

The penalty for catling of foil into the highway.

Making of

tfuicesjo con- ditching or fcouring, twelve pence:

*57^0T Anno detimo octavo Eti«abeth^s. c. io.	325

fore have been fo call into the highway or common fairing-Way* that there is a bank between the (aid way and the ditch, it (hall be lawfal for the furveyofs and workmen by the laws and fta-tutes of this realm appointed for the amendment of the faid highways, to make ftuices of other devices by their difcretions, to convey the water out of the faid way into the ditch; any law, right, intereft, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And that all and every penalty, fum or fums of money How the for-forfeited for any caufe within this ftatute, (hall be levied in eve- feitures a-jy parifti by the furveyors of the ways within that parifh for the

time being, by diftrels and fale of diftrefs in manner and form icriecTand as fines or amerciaments in leets have been ufed, and the mo- employed, ney fo levied to be employed upon the highway or common fairing-way where the offence was committed: (2) and if the farveyors mall not or will not levy and employ the fatne within' one year after the offence fo committed, that then the faid fum or fums, forfeiture or forfeitures, (hall be levied in form afore* faid, by the conftables or churchwardens of the town or pari(h where the Work ought to be done in the highway as aforefaid;

(3) and that he or they fo levying any of the faid penalties or forfeitures, (hall make and yield mch account appointed in the before-recited ftatutes or either of them.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, what officers That all and. every juftices of allife, juftices of oyer and terminer, may hear and

i'*ufticesof the jpeace in the feflions, and Rewards of. leets and determine the awdays in their leets and lawdays, (hall hear and determine all	a*

and every offence, matter and caufe that (hall grow, come ortorc ai * rife by reafon of this ftatute.

X.	And where tty ferry or pdjfage, called the King* s-feny, with- By what per-in the ijle ^Shippey in the county of Kent, before the matting of the fons and ftatute of highways was ufually repaired and maintained time out ^means KingV memory of man% pt the charges of all the inhabitants and land-occvpi- i^oir shipper ers within the whole ijle> by taxation and fejfment at one court or iw Kent (hall lawday, time out of mindy yearly holden on the Monday next after be repaired. the feaft of Pentecoft at Kinglborow within the faid iftey in the name of the Queen's majefty and her progenitors, only for the main-tenance of the fame ferry: (2) be it therefore enaded. That the faid court (hall be duly kept in fuch manner and form as hath been heretofore accuftqmed ; (3) and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the jury impanelled and fworn at the fame How frefh and court for the time being, by their difcretions reafonably to aflefs upland marfh and tax themfelves and all other the inhabitants and land-occu- how^t* piers of the faid ifle ihdifferently, according to the rate of land mar(h, by the in every man’s occupying, towards the maintenance of the (aid acre. ’ ferry and paffage and the ways belonging or leading to the fame, fo as no acre of fre(h marlh and upland be taxed above die rate of a penny in one year, nor of every ten acres of fait marfh above the rate of a penny in one year: (4) and that all and „ every thing, profit, benefit and commodity, which heretofore hath been given by any perfon or perfdns whatfoever towards

Y 2	the-	♦

3*4

nance of the ferry,

The ferry-warden mall beftow the money upon the repair thereof, and make payment of the arrearages.

Anno dccimo odtavo Elizabeths, g.i i. [1576.

the maintenance of the faid paflage or ferry, (hall be had and Things given and levied to the maintenance erf the faid paflage or ferry ; f 5) to the mainte-	t^e ferry-warden for the time being (hall have nil!

power and authority to levy, recover and receive the fame, and the taxes and afleflments of every perfon and perfons, by way of diftrefs, upon the extreats made out by the fteward of the faid court, as all amerciaments are ufed to be levied that are ex-treated out of other the Queen’s majefty’s leets and lawdays : (6) and that the faid ferry-warden (hall beftow the money fo levied upon the repairing and maintenance of the faid ferry, paf-fage and ways, and therefore (hall give account as they have been accuftomed, to the fteward of the faid court, and homage there to be fworn at the next lawday following; and all arrearages in his hands remaining (hall deliver over to the next ferry-warden, on pain to forfeit the double of the faid arrearages, to be levied as other pains and amerciaments in the court afore-(aid aflefled, and to be employed to the maintenance of the faid

paflage or ferry.

» * XL j,

Taxing of the	AI. And forafmucb as the ufiud highway leading from the market-

inhabitants town called Middleton to the faid ferry is prefently in fiuh decay, that for the repair neither man nor beajl without great danger is able to pafsy wbatfoe-froroMiddle- ver	Jbtmld fuddenly happen for men to repair into or out of

ton to the * " the faidifley and the parijb where the fame lieth is not able to repair ferry.	the	fame: (2) be it therefore further enadted, That it (ha11 be

lawful from henceforth yearly, during the fpace of ten years, for three juftices of peace whereof one to be of the quorum, next inhabiting to the faid town of Middleton within die faid county of Kenty reafonably to aflefs and tax all and every land-occupiers dwelling out of the faid ifle and within four miles di-ftant from the faid ferry, as to their diferetions (hall feem convenient, not exceeding the fum of one penny upon every acre of fre(h marfh and upland in one year, and upon every ten acres of fait marlh one penny in one year, and to aflign and appoint fuch perfon and perfons as they (hall think meet for the collecting and employing of the lame upon the faid highways: (3) and that it (hall be lawful for the faid three juftices for the time being, yearly, during the faid ten years, to take account and reckoning of the faid perfon or perfons, touching or concerning the (aid money fo to be levied or employed. 27 EL c. 24.

CAP. XI.

An a£t for explanation of the flatutes, intituled, Againfi defeating of dilapidations 1 and againfi leafes to be made of fpiritual promotions in fome reJpeSts.

A lcafe or T T 7HEREAS by a Jlatute made in a parliament holden at Well-°ncerto°be Cy" ^ * minfter thefecond day of April in the thirteenth year of the reign made of any °four mof gracious fovereign Ladyy intituled, An adt againft frau-fpiritual liv- aulent gifts, to the intent to defeat dilapidations of ecclefiaftical ing, whereof livings, and for leafes to be granted by collegiate churches, it

?nCkC-ls aJfatfe was oinongft other things enabled by the authority of parliament, That emg, no	yj-as

157^0 Anno decimo o&avo Elizabeths. c.ii.	325

• from theme forth all leafes, gifts, grants, feoffments, conveyances or to. be deter-eflatts to be made, bad, done orfeuffered, (2).by any mailer and fel- jar*111 tows of any college, or by any dean and chapter of any cathedral or col- and attends legiate church, mqfter or guardian of any hofpital, par Jon, vicar or and covenants any other having any fpiritual or ecclefeafeical livings or any houfes, for renewing lands, tithes, tenements or other hereditaments, being any parcel of the pojjeffions of any fetch college, cathedral church, chapter, hofpital, ArehearfJof parfanage, vicarage or other fpiritual promotion, or any ways appeg- theftatute of taining or belonging to the fame, or of any of them, to any perfon or 13 El- c. 10. perfons, bodies politick or corporate-, (3) other than for the term ^touching af-twenty-one years or three lives, from the time of any fetch leaf* or ty	*

grant /ball be made.or granted, whereupon the accufeomed yearly rent or prions, of •more fiaU be referued and payable yearly during -the fetid term; (4) their lands, /ball be utterly void and of none effeSt, to all intents, conflruftions and tithes, &c. purpofes; any law, cufeom or ufage to the contrary notwithfeanding, as in the feud a£i snore plainly appeareth :

II.	Sitbence the making of which feud eftatute, divers of the faid Prices to , ecclefiaftical and fpiritml perfons and others, having fpiritual or eccle- nfe^ngof feafeical livings, have from time to time shade leafes for the term of the foruaid twenty-one years or three lives, long before the expiration of the for- ftat. 1 And. sner years f contrary to the true masting and intent of the faidftatute: fs- ,

(2). be it therefore enaded by this prefent parliament. That all ritual^fons* leafes hereafter to be made by any of thefaid ecclefiaftical, fpiritu- 0f their lands al or collegiate perfons or others, of any their faid ecclefiaftical, in leafe. fpiritual or collegiate lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof any former lean for years is in being, not to be expired, fur-rendered or ended within three years next after the making of any fuch new leafe, ihall be void, fruftrate and of none effed; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

IIL And be it likewife enaded. by the authority aforefaid, A bon<1 or That all and every bond and covenant whatfoever nereafter to therenewina be made, for renewing or making of any leafe or leafes, con- 0f a leafe. * trary to the true intent of this ad, or of the faid ad made in Moor 78). the faid thirteenth year, (hall be utterly void -, any law, ftatute, E!*!?8?* .ordinance or other thing whatfoever to the contrary in any wife Godb* *9* notwithftanding. -

IV.	Provided always, That this ad, nor any thing therein Leafes made contained, (hall extend or be prejudicial to make fruftrate or th'* void any leafe or leafes heretofore made by any of the laid fpiri- 1 a e* tual or ecclefiaftical perfon or perfons or any of them, but that

the fame and every of them are of the like force and effed, as they or any of them were before the making of this prefent ftatute; this ad or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And where Sir Thomas White, late knight and alderman of Sir Thomas London, for advancement of good learning, hath founded one college ^ 0* kt°ttn", in the umverftty of Oxford, cytUed St. John Baptift’j college, and college being feeifed of the manor e/Fifhyde, alias Fifield, in the county of \n Oxford. 6 Berks, did, together with all other his lands, tenements and hereditaments, give and affure the faid manor, with the appurtenances, to

the prefedent andfeholars of the fetid college for ever: (?)and never-	*

Y 3	thelcfs



A leafe may be made to Ralph White, of the manor of Fifield, by 6t. John's college jn Oxford.

13 EL C. ip.

13 El. c. 20.

Jn what cafe fequeft ration may be granted by die or-dinary of a benence de-mifed contrary to the fta-ttite of i\ El.

10.

Anno decimo ofiavo Elizabeth^. c.ii. [1576.

thelefs the faid Sir Thomas White having then one Ralph White bis brother livings and fundry kinfmen, to whom, bycourfe of the common law, his lands might have defended, did devife and order, - and by the ftatutes which he provided for the feud houfc, and by order of the now vifitor of the find college, it is ordained, That tbs faid manor of Fi/nvde, alias Fifield, with the appurtenances, fbouid be demifed by the faid prefident and fcholars for the time beings to the faid Ralph for the term of ninety-nine years, if the faid Ralph Jbould fo long live, and fo it is intendeds that from heir male to heir male of the faid Sir Thomas White, new devifes Jbould from time to time be made of the faid manor with the appurtenances, to every fucb bar male fucuffruely for the term of ninety-nine years, if fuch heir male Jbould fo long liye, yielding to the laid prejident and fiholarrfor the time being, fucb rent as now is referved, with futh further covenants and conditions, as by the faid Sir Thomas White or vifitor is agreed and appointed:

VI.	And where finee the deceafe of the laid Sir Thomas White, the faid affurances to the faid prefidtnt and fcholars, in ail, or the mjt part of the. lands, tenements ana hereditaments of the faU founder, were found in fame refoeit itrtperfeft and infyfficient in law, and

: that ’thereupon the laid Ralph White, to whom the advantage of fucb ' imperfection came by lcriy, did nevertheless take no fueh advantage, but did willingly make perfect the find affurances according to the true meaning of the faid Sir* Thomas White bis brother, accepting only one leafe of the faid manor j in fiuh fort as by the faid vifitor was ap~ pointed, with Use copyholds and other appurtenances of the find manor: (2) for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That the president and fcholars of the faid college mayfrotn time to time demife the faid manor, copyholds and other appurtenances to every heir male of the faid Sir Thomas White fucceffively, according to the form of leafe thereof already made to the faid Ralph, and that every fuch leafe fo to be made, and every covenant made or to be made for the performance of the fame,dhall be good in law, as if the faid made in the faid thirteenth year had never been had nor made: any thing in the faid a& made in the faid thirteenth year, or any other a<5t or matter whatfoever to the contrary notwith-llanding.

VII.	And whereas in one other fiatute made in the faid thirteenth year of her Majefiy, intituled. An a6t touching leafes of benefices, and other ecclefiaftical livings with cure, one claufe is contained. That the incumbent offending the purport of the find fiatute Jhall for the fame lofe one year’s profit of his faid benefice, to be difiribuiei by the ordinary among the poor of the parijh, as by the find branch in the faid laft recitedfiatute appeareth: (2) be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That after complaint made to the ordinary, and fentence given upon any offence committed by the incumbent, whereby he (hall or ought to lofe one year's profit of his benefice as afore (hewed, that the ordinary within two months after fuch fentence given, and requell to him made by the churchwardens of the faid parifii or one of them, (hall grant the fequeftration of fuch profits to fuch inhabitant or inhabitants

within

V

157^*] Anno decimo o&avo Elizabeth^. c.12.	327

the pari(h where fiich benefice (hall be, as to him (hall feem meet and convenient; (?) and upon default therein by the or- in what cafe dinary, that it may and (hall be lawful to every parifhioner the parilhio-where the benefice is, to retain and keep his or their tithes, and ners may re-likewife for the church-wardens of the faid pariKh, to enter and tain “etlt“Ci# take the profits of the glebe lands,, and other rents and duties of every iuch benefice, to be employed to the ufe of the poor as aforefaid, until fuch time as fequeftration (hall be committed by the ordinary, and then as well the church-wardens as the pa-rifliioners, to yield account of, and make, payment to him or them to whom fuch fequeftration (hall be committed ; (4) and that he or they to whom fuch fequeftration (hall be committed from time to time, (hall juftly and truly employ and beftow the faid profits, or the true and juft value thereof, without fraud or guile, to fuch ufes as by the faid ftatute is limited and appointed, (5) upon pain of forfeiture of the double value of fuch with-holden profits, to be recovered in the ecclefiaftical court |?y the poor of the (aid parifh. 4 Co. 120. Co. Lit• 44.

CAP. XIL

An aft for trial of nifi priu$ in the county of Middlefex,

WHEREAS heretofore all ijfues joined in any of the courts of iffues joined record at Weftminfter, triable in the county of Middlefex, in the chance* have been ufually tried at the bars in the faid courts in Weftmin- King’s fter: (2) and whereas a great number of aftions have of late years mon Dlea^or been brought in the faid county	Middlefex, for. fpeedinefs of trial, exchequer*

and that for fmall caufes, (3) by reafon whereof the judges of the may be tried fame courts have not only been letted and hindered in their proceedings by mfiprius in in matters of great weight depending before them by demurrer or other- ■ nfter wife* to the great delay of juft ice^ and occafion of great expences and charges of a number of the Queerts majejiy's mojt loving fubjeftSy but alfo to the great trouble and charge of the freeholders of the Jaid county , who are compelled to give daily attendance at the feveral bars of the fame feveral courts far the trial of the faid ijfues : (a) for reformation whereof. Be it ena&ed by the Queen’s mon excellent majefty, our fovereien lady, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from henceforth the chief juftice of England for the time being, upon iftues joined or to be joined in the court called the King’s bench, or in the court of chancery, the chief juftice x>f the common pleas for the time being, upon iiTues joined or to be joined in the court of common pleas, and the chief baron of the exchequer for the* time being, upon iflues joined or to be joined in the court of the exchequer, (5) or in the abfence or default of any of them, two other judges or barons of the fame feveral courts where it (hall happen either of the fame chief juftices, or the chief.baron for the time being, to be abfent, (6) (hall or may at their jdiferetions, within the faid hall called iVeftminfter-Hall in Weftminjlery or in the place where thq court of exchequer is

Y 4	com-

328	Anno	dccimo oftavo Elizabeth^ c.13.	[157&

By it Geo. i. commonly kept in the faid county of MiddUfex, as juftices of ‘tndmkfbe* n$ ^us *or t^e county of MiddUfex^ within the term-time, witbfacight or within four days next after die end of every or any term le-dayi after verally, try all manner of iffues joined or to be joined inr any of Um»	the (aid feveral courts, which by the ordinary courfe of the

laws of the realm ought to be tried in any of the faid courts by an inqueft of the faid county of MiddUfex; (7) and that com-miflions and writs of nift prius (hall be awarcfed in fuch cafes, and in fuch form, as they are or have been ufed in any other lhire of this realm : (8) and that it (hall be lawful for any per-fon or perfons from henceforth, upon reafonable warning given to the adverfe party or his or their attorney, as hath been ac-cuftomed in fuch like cafes, to take or fue forth writs and records of nift prim, for the trial of the faid ifiues in the faid county of MiddUfex, as they may do upon any iffue joined, triable in any other county, {<f) and thereupon take the jury in fuch manner and form, and with awarding or tales de circumflantibus, and awarding the nonfuit, as is ufed for the trial of iffues joined, or non-fuits to be awarded, in the faid courts or any of them, triable "within the city of London, or within any other county of this The ftieriff of realm of England: (10) and that the (henffs of the faid county of /viiddlefex his Middlefex for the time being, (hall make return of all writs of attendance, ^ prm wjjjch (hall be delivered to them, or to their or to any of their fufficient deputy *for the time being; before- the faid judges, baron or barons and every of them, and fhall give their attendance upon the faid iuftices, baron and barons, as well for the returning of fuch tales as (hall be prayed de dr-pmjlantibus, for the trying of the faid iffues, as for the doing and executing of all other thing and things to the office of (he-riff in fuch cafe belonging and appertaining : (n) and that all perfons to be impanelled m fuch juries, and the parties to the fame iffues and fuits, and the witnefles for the fame, (hall be charged and bound in fuch and the like fort, and upon like pains and penalties for their not appearance and attendance, or for their or any of their mifdcmeanour or default before the faid iuftices of nift prius, as they (hould have been, if the fame iflue had been tried in the court from whence the nift print thereof was The jurors	awarded : (12) all which feveral trials fo to be had before the faid

and parties	feveral juftices, baron or barons, (hall by authority of this prefent

bound by the	Pafh ament ftand and be as good and available in law, as ifrhe

trial. y	fame bad been tried in the term-time, at the bar in the court

where fuch iffue was joined or triable; any law, ufage or cuftom heretofore made, ufed or accuftomed to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

C A P, XIII.

*»Car.*' €.*4,	3$	concerning offices found within the counties palatines.

CAP.

2576.3 Anno declmooftavo Elizabeth^, c.14.	329

CAP. XIV.

An aft for reformation of jeofails.

BE it enadted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, the tth a& ex* lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this tended to prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, 9^***-' That if any verdidt of twelve men or more (hall be hereafter given in any adtion, fuit, bill, plaint or demand, in any. court Y.io.f.7. of record, the judgment thereupon (hall not be flayed or re- After yerdi& verfed by reafon of any default in form, or lack of form, touching falfe Latin or variance from the regifter, or other de-faults in form, in any writ original or judicial, count, decla- (hall be no Hay ration, plaint, bill, fuit or demand, or for want of any writ of judgment, original or judicial, or by reafon of any imperfedt orinfumcient °* reverfing return of any (heriff or other officer*, or for want of any war- ^tofforra rant of attorney, or by reafon of any manner of default in procefs, faife Latin, ’ upon or after any aidprier or voucher, nor any fuch record or judg- variance, &c. ment after verdidt to be given hereafter, (hall be reverfed for When an at-any the defcdts or caufes aforefaid 5 any law, ftatute or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.	warrant of

record, i Built 130, 15a. iBuHh 67. 3 Bulftr* 114, 418, 478, 301. Moor 40a, pi. 535, 465.pl. 657.	1	Leon.	30,	175, 319. % Leon. 74. March 121. Savil 37, 130. 1 Roll*

.22,195, 338. 4 RoQ. 124, 161, 168,247,155, 285, 382. Godbolt 107. pi. X27. Goldib. 126, 188. Hob. 49,64,70. Jones 301. 500.35,36,37,41. 800.163. Cro. El, 57# 339, 574. Cro. Jac. 188, 436, 674. Cro. Car. 92, 223, 278, 282, 495. Hob. 38.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the au- To what thority aforefaid. That this adt, or any thing therein contained,

ihall not extend to any writ, declaration or fuit of appeal of ^ Extend, felony or murder, nor to any indidtment or prefentment of felony, murder, treafon or other matter, nor to any procefs upon any of them, nor to any writ, bill, adtion or information upon any popular or penal ftatutej any thing aforefaid to the contraiy notwithftanding.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted by the authority afore- When an at-

faid, That all attornies in any fuit or adtion in any court of re- torney (hall cord, (hall deliver in the warrant of attornies in fiich adtion Jant of record" or fuit wherein they be named attornies, to be entered or filed	Car.*2*

of record, in fuch manner and form as heretofore by the law c. s.

or ftatutes in that behalf made they (hould or ought to have 4&5Annx.t6. done, upon pain to forfeit ten pounds for every fuch offence: the one moiety thereof to be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers, to whom or in whofe office the fame warrant (hould be delivered, entered or filed, and to fuffer imprifonment by the difcretion of the juftices of the court for the time being, where any fuch default (hall fortune to be had or made; the faid ten pounds to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill or information, in which no effoin, protedtion or wager of law (hall be allowed.

£2 H. 8. r. 30.	3	Ed,	6.	c. 32. 21 Jac. 1. c. 13.

CAP.

13*

. Anoo dccimo odtavo Elizabeths, c.15—17.	[1575.

CAP. XV,

An aft for reformation of abufes in goldfmiths.

AeoMfmitii TX7HERE certain mnUiifpofed goldfmiths deceitfully da made <haB fet bi s	VV and fell plate, and other gold and Jilver wares,	to tha great

mark to his defrauding of her Majejlyand her good Jubjefts : (a) For remedy Ofwhat fine- whweof, be it ena&ed by the authority of this prefent parlia-nefs bis wares ment, That no goldfmkh from the twentieth day of April next of gold and coming (hall work, fell, exchange or caufe to be wrought, fold filver iball be. ^ exchanged, any plate or other goldfmiths wares of gold, left in fineneft than that of two and twenty carreds, and that he ufe no fother, amell or other ftuffings whatfoever, in any of their works, more than is neeeflary for the finilhing the fame; (3) and that they take not above the rate of twelve-pence for the ounce of gold, befides the falhion, (more than the buyer (hall or may be allowed lor the feme at the Queen’s exchange or 'mint) upon pain to forfeit the value of the thing fo fold or ex-The fineneft changed: (4) and that from the faid twentieth day of April no pl hte* Boldfmith tball make, fell or exchange in any place within this Mldfmith1 *	any	plate	or goldfmiths wares of (ilver, left in fineneft

Xalltakemore than that of eleven ounces twopeny weight 1(5) nor take above than the buyer the rate of twelve pence for every pound weight of plate or wares ftall have for 0f filver, befides the faftfion, more than the buyer (hail or m*y	allowed for the fame at the Qyeen’s exchange or

6Geo. j.c. 11. mintj (6) nor put to fale, exchange or fell any plate or gold-£ 3*	fmiths work of filver, before he has let his own mark to fo much

37 Ed* 3« c, 7. thereof as conveniently may bear the fame s (7} upon pain to % JJ. fi. c».s4» forfeit the value of the thing lb fold or exchanged* (8) And if any goldftnith fhall make any goldfmiths work or plate, and the fame after the faid twentieth day of April (hall be touched, marked and allowed for good, by the wardens or mafters of that myftery, and if in the fame there (hall be found any falfhood or deceit 3 then The penalty the wardens and corporation of that myftery for the time be-iflalihood be jng, (hall forfeit and pay the value of the thing fo exchanged or oTwork pate* ; (9) the one moiety of all which forfeitures (hall be to the marked by ufe °f the Queen's majefty1, and the other moiety to the ufe the wardens of fuch party grieved and luftaining lofs thereby, as will fue for ot .the gold	the fame in any court of record, by adion, bill, plaint, in-

lmuhs.	formation or otherwife, wherein no ellbin, protection Or wager

17	.	4*	<>•	>•	cf ]aw (haij ^ admitted for the defendant.

CAP. XVI.

Perfons dwelling in the counties of Somerfet, Glotccefter and Wilts, out of corporate towns, ,may make clothes, notwithstanding the fiatute of 4 & 5 P. & M. c. 5. &c. Repealedkt ** Jac' U Ila

CAP. XVII,

The morrow after the quarter-feflions holden next after Eafier in Kent, the wardens and commonalty of the lands contributory to r Roebefler bridge lhall for ever aifemble at the caftle of Rocbefterf and there eleft by the molt voices, twoperfons of the fame commonalty to be wardens of t lie fame bridge, and twelve perfons of the fame commonalty to be affift-ants to the faid two widens, for one year after the feaft of rentecofl then

followings

1576.3 Anno dedmo odxvo E^izabeth/e. c. i8-20.	531

following 1 and the two wardens To chofen (ball do their endeavour that year to benefit the (aid bridge s and (hall receive the fines, rents and revenues of the lands belonging to the bridge, and of all contribution money payable to the ufe ofthe feme bridge, and (hall anfwer and pay out ot the fame as caufe (hall require. The new wardens (hail be bound to the former wardens to make an account* The old wardens (ball account the Tbur/day in Whitju* week. The wardens and afiUUnts ft all fubfcribe to all leases madebf the bridges lands; which icafes ftaU be madcbut of fuch dftd as tenant in tail may do by the ftatuteof3* fi. 8. •

' c. 28. and for no fines. And every (even years there (hall be made a terrar of the lands leafed. No owners pr tenants of lands contributory Altered fa to the maintenance of the faid bridge, (hall be afiefledto pay towards f Anhae^ft the maintenance thereof, but only when the rents or profits or the lands c _® c\.: belonging to the feme be nptfiiftcipnb '	•'-V

cap. xvm.

The county of Gtmcefier and the county of Memn<wtb to&\ (land for ever chargeable for the maintenance, repairing and new-making of Cbep-fipiv-Bridge% as often as need (hall require, -w*neither of them for (kch part and moiety as lieth in the middle of the ltream of the water of on the (ides of the lordlhip? of Cbetflow and Tpdenbam: and for the afieflment, collection and employing of the money thereupon terbe (pent, fuch order (hall be obferved as is appointed by the ftatute of as H. 8. c. 5. REP. 3 Jac. 1 • c. S3* and other fr*vifio*s made relating hereto.

CAB, XIX.

JEvery perfon which (hall be immediate owner, landlord or terre-tenant of any houfe, lands or tenements within the city of Cbiebefler, in fee-. fimple, fee-tail* for life or years, (hall from time to time, or by the alignment of the mayor or the city, caufe to be paved with good paving-ftones, along, from and agaizdl his houfe, lands, &e. adjoining to the ftreet, (hmucfa pf theftid fireet as jn length to the chanel,_ upon pain of forfeiture of three (hillings four-pence for every vardTquare not paved. The lfcfiees for years, or at will, may dcfouHt 10 much of their lord's rent as they Audi Seftow in fuch paving, unlefs they (haul other-wife covenant.

CAP. XX.

An an for the repairing and amending of the bridges and . highways near unto the city of Oxford.

F Ora (much as your fflgbnefs's umverflty and city of Oxford hath received from your Highnefs, and your noble progenitors., great privileges and prerogatives, as alfo the inhabitants and dwellers within the compafs andprecinft of five mites thereunto adjoining, as chiefly by ajlatute made in the Jecond and third year of King Philip and . p. „ Queen Miry, intituled. An a<£t that op purveyor (hall take any grain * * ’* corn or other vidt&al within the compafs or precindt of five miles of the faid city: and in the thirteenth year ef yOur Majefly's reign El. c. *i. bath been renewed and enlarged: (2) by means whereof the inhabitants aforefaid, tat only to themfehes, but to their pofterity, by the markets of your faid city, is like to reap much gain, profit, commodity and advantage, by utterance of their corn, grain emd viffual: Javing that the ways, bridges and pojjages leading from your Higbnefs manors, and other places of this realm, to your Highnefs's city, (being for the mofl part water-works) within tbefe two years, by force of waters fire fo decayed, fain down and impaired, that your Wghnejs andfub-jetis, with your and their carriage, travelling that way, as others travelling out of all parts of this realm, are much annoyed and in-

eumbred.

332	Anno	vicefimo	tertio	Elizabeths. c.i. [1581.

The	cumbred, and the inhabitants there bre net able without great danger, to

tr<njel or repair unto the faid city, or bring to the markets their corn, the inha’bi- grain, visual or other necejfaries, to the great hurt of the faid city, as tents not able dearth like to enfue within the umverfity and city, &c. to repair them. They that have land, meadow or pafture in occupation next to Oxford, {hall be charged towards the repair of the ways there*

Inhabitants within five miles of Oxford having one yard-land, &c. {hall pay four-pence, only See. 35 El. c. 7. f. a6. The cottager and labourer's charge. The forfeitures of them who make default Digging of gravel; (and, rubbilh or ftone in other men's grounds. % Sc 3 Ph. & M. c. 8. Diftrefs for default of payment of the forfeiture. Cmainued b) 3 Car. to c. 4. 16 Car. 1. c. 4.	.

CAP. XXL

It (hall be lawful for every perfon to buy and (ell within the borough of Mw IVoofyotk, in the county of Orfard, all manner of wools and yarns brought into the faid borough, upon the ufual market and fair days, and the fame to ufe and employ to their bed profit*

CAP. XXII.

The confirmation of a fubfidy of fix (hillings in the pound, granted to the Queen by the clergy, to be paid in three years. EXP*

CAP. XXIII.

Three fifteenths and tenths, and one fubfidy granted to the Queen by the temporality. EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

A confirmation by parliament of the Queen’* free and general pardon.

Anno vicefimo tertio Regina Elizabeth®.

AT this prefect fejjion of parliament by prorogation bolden at Weftminfter the fixttenth day of January in the three and twentieth year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lady Elizabeth, by the'grace of God, (^England, France and Ireland, Qpeen, defender of the faith, &c. and there continued until the eighteenth of March following: To the high pleafure of Almighty God, and weal publick of this realm, were enabled as followetb.

CAP. I.

An ail to retain the Qifeeris tnajefiy's fubjeils in their due

obedience.

*3 Eli*, c. z. TTZHERE fthence the flatute made in the thirteenth year of the 3 loft. i,>. W reign of the Queen our fovereign lady, intituled. An aft againft the bringing in, and putting in execution of bulls, writings and inftrutnents, and other luperftitious things from the fee of Rome, divers cvil-ajfctted perjons have prattyed, contrary to the meaning of the faid ftatute, by other means than by bulls or in-Jlruments written or printed, to withdraw divers the Queen's ma-jefy's fubjeEh from their natural obedience to her Majefty, to obey ibefatd ufurped authority of Rome, and in refptEi of the fame to

per-

333

1581.]	.:Anno vicefimo tertio Elizabeths. c. r.

fer/wade great numbers to withdraw their due obedience from her Majejty's laws% efidblijbedfor the duefervtce of Almighty God.

II.	For reformation whereof, and to declare .the true mean- Treafon to ing of the faid law, be it declared and enalted by the authority withdraw any ofthis prefent parliament. That all perfons whatfoever, which iS”n have or (hall have, or Audi pretend to have power, or (hall by bfi(hed to the any ways or means put'in practice to abfolve, perfwade or Ronrifhre. withdraw any of the Queen's majefty^s fubjeds, or any within l*gjon’

her Highnefs realms and dominions, from their natural obe- 11-C0D> *3** dience toher Majefty: (2) or to withdraw them for that intent from the religion now by her Highnefs authority eftablifhed within her Highnefs dominions, to the Rrni/b religion, (3) or to move them or any of them to promife any obedience to any pretended authority of the fee of Rome, or of any other prince, flate or potentate, to be had or ufed within her dominions,

(4)	or (hall do any overt a<St to that intent or purpofe; and every of them (hall be to all intents adjudged to be traitors, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed (hall have judgment, fuffer and forfeit, as in cafe of high treafon. (5) And if any perfon (hall Tt (hall be after the end of this feffion of parliament, by any means be treafon.,t® willingly abfolved or withdrawn as aforefaid, or willingly be ^bdrawn°to reconciled, or (hall promife any obedience to any fuch pre- the Romilh tended authority, prince, date or potentate, as is aforelaid, that religion, then every fuch perfon, their procurers andcounfellors thereunto, being thereof lawfully convided, (hall be taken, tried and judged, and (hall fuffer and forfeit, as in cafes of high treafon.

III.	And be it likewife ena&ed and declared, That all and The penalty every perfon and perfons that (hall wittingly be aiders orF™8* maintainers of fuch perfons fo offending as is above expre(Ted, ^dcwlcca?-] or any of them, knowing the fame, or which (hall conceal ers. ' any^offence as aforefaid, and (hall not within twenty days at

the Turtheft, after fuch perfons knowledge of fuch offence, dif-clofe the fame to fome iuftice of peace or other higher officer,

(hall be taken, tried and judged, and (hall fuffer and forfeit, as offenders in mifprifion of treafon.

lV\ And be it likewife ena&ed, That every perfon which The forfeiture (hall fay or fing mafs, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall for faying or forfeit the fum of two hundred, marks, ana be committed to prifon in the next gaol, there to remain by the fpace of one maft* year, and from thenceforth till he have paid the faid fum of two hundred marks: (2) and that every perfon which (hall willingly hear mafs, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred marks, and fuffer imprifonment for a year.

V,	Be it alfo further enadted by the authority aforefaid, The penalty That every perfon above the age of fixteen years, which (hall of not coming not repair to fome church, chapel or ufual place of common *°church prayer but forbear the fame, contrary to the tenor of a ftatute JjjT a monthT made in the firft year of her Majefty's reign, for uniformity of according * common prayer, and being thereof lawfully convidted, mall to the ftat. forfeit to the Queen's majefty for every month, after the end of1 c* *• this feffion of parliament, which he or (he (hall fo forbear,

twenty-'; c

334	A11110 tfccfifflo tertk> Elizabeth A .c, i.	[1581.

taru tftbt twenty pounds of lawful Engtijb money \ (2) and'thtt over and tffndtrs latdt, befides die faid forfeitures, every perfon fo forbearing by the ffofwMfi	°f twelve months as afor-efaid, fhall for his or her ob-

fmtub. J ftinacy, after certificate thereof in writing made into the court %Jac. i.e.4. commonly called the King’s bench, by the ordinary of the / 11.	diocefe, a juftice of affife and gaol-delivery, or a juftice of

1 Leon*7' P<^ce of the county where fuch offender fhall dwell or bd, be s Leon* bound with two fufficient fureties in the fum of two hundred i'AndeWTi38. pounds at leaft, to the good behaviour, (3) and fo to continue Hob. so$. bound, until fuch time as the perions fo bound do conform a 1 Co. 56. themfelves and come to the church, according to the true mean-a RoiTso^as*. *n8 of the faid ftatute made in die faid firft year of the Queen’s Lane 60, 91/ majefty’s reign.

Bridg. 1*0.	. VI. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or per-

*BuUfr ’r4’ ®>ns* ^ politick or corporate, after the feaft of Pentect/I

1..	, * v* next coming, fhall keep or maintain any fchool-mafter which tor keeping* not Repair to church as is aforefaid, or be allowed by the of a fchool- bilhop or ordinary of the diocefe- where fuch fchool-mafter fhall’ mailer not be fo kept, fhall forfeit and lofe for every month fo keeping IT™*? him, ten pounds.

no* allowed bj VII. (Provided that no fuch ordinary or their minifters fhall the ordinary, take any thing for the faid allowance.) (2) And fuch fchool-mafter or teacher, prefuming to teach contrary to this adl, and being thereof lawfully convidted, fhall be difabled to be a teacher of youth, and fhall fuffer imprifonment without bail or mainprife for one year.

What juftice* VlII. And be it likewife enadted, That all and every of-mayenquireof fences againft this adt, or againft the adts of the fiift, filth or offences done thirteenth years of her Majefty’s reign, touching acknowledging y-f e	of her Majefty’s fupream government in caufes ecclefiaftical, or

1 Elii. c. i.	matter* touching the fervke of God or coming to church,

$ Elis*, c! t! or eftablifhment of true religion in this realm, fhall and 13EUZ. c. *. may be inquirable, as welt boose juftices of peace, as other Cro. Car. to. juftices named in the fame ftatutes, within one year and a day after every fuch offence committed ; any thing in this adl, or in any other a eft to the contrary notwithftanding.

. IX. Be it likewife enadted, That the juftices of oyer and %$ axuc. 6.	and	juftices	of affile and of gaol-deliveiy, in their

feveral limits, fhall have power to enquire, hear and determine of all offences againft this ftatute: (2) and juftices of peace in their open quarter-feffions of peace fhall have power by virtue of this adl to enquire, hear and determine of all offences againft this adl, except treafon and mifprifion of treafon.

A remedy for Prodded alway, That every perfon guilty of any offence a guilty perfon againft this ftatute, other than treafon and mifprifion of treafon, conforming which fhall before he be thereof indidted, or at his arraignment himfelf. or triai before judgment, fubmit and conform himfelf before the biihop of the diocefe where he fhall be refident, or before the IUym.465. juftices where he fhall be indidted, arraigned or tried, (having not before made like fubmiffion at any his trial, being indidted for his firft like, offence) fhall upon his recognition of fuch fub-2	miffioa

1581.] Anno vicefimattttlo Elizabeths. c.u	335

million in open affifes or feffions of the county where fuch pef-fon (hall be refident, be difcharged of all and every the faid of-* fences againft this aft (except treafon and mifprifion of treafon) and of all painfc and forfeitures for the fame.

XI.	And be it likewife enadfced, That all forfeitures of any Who (hall fums of money limited by this adt, (hall be divided in three have the mo-equal parts, whereof one third part (hall be to the Queen’s ma-jelly to her own ufe, one other third part to the Queen’s majefty yau,ttatt 4 for relief of the poor in the pari(h where the offence (hall be committed, to be delivered by warrant of the principal officers in the receipt of the exchequer without further warrant from her Majefty, and the other third part to fuch perfon,as will fue for the fame in any court of record, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information; in which fuit no efloin, protection or wager of ^aw (hall be allowed : (2) and that every perfon which He (hall be (hall forfeit any fums of money by virtue of this adt, and (hall imprifoned not be able, or (hall fail, to pay tne fame within three months that is not after judgment thereof given, (hall be committed to prifon there to remain until he have paid the faid fums, or conform himfelf, tenure. * or go to church, and there do as is aforefaid.

All. Provided alfo. That every perfon which ufually on the 5^.^ ;n a Sunday (hall have in his or her houfe the divine fervice which man's private is eftablifhed by the law of this realm, and be thereat himfelf or houfe. herfelf ufually or mpft commonly prefent, and (hall not ob-(linately refute to come to church, and there to do as is aforefaid, and (hall alfo four times in the year at the lead be prefent at the divine fervice in the church of the parifh where he or (he (hall be refident, or in feme other open common, church or fuch chapel of eafe, (hall not incur any pain or penalty limited by this adt for not repairing to church.

XIII.	And be it likewife enadted and declared. That every Fraudulent

grant, conveyance, bond, judgment and execution, had or made alTurances to fince the beginning of this feflion of parliament, or hereafter defeat for-to be had or made, of covinous purpofe to defraud any intercft,	.

right or title, that may or ought to grow to the Queen, or to ^ 5**3. pi. any other perfon, by means of any convidtion or judgment by 691. virtue of this ftatute, or of the faia ftatute of the faid thirteenth

year, (hall be, and be adjudge^ to be, utterly void againft the Queen, and againft fuch as (hall fue for any part of the faid penalties in form aforefaid.

XIV.	Provided always, That if any peer of this realm (hall 19 El. c.-s. happen to be indidted or any offence made treafon or mifprifion Trial a of treafon by this adt, he (hall have his trial by his peers as in |^sby m other like cafes is accuftomed.

XV.	Provided alfo. That neither this adt, nor any thing Ecclefiaftical therein contained, (hall extend to take away or abridge thecenfures. authority or jurifdidtion of the ecclefiaftical cenfures for any

caufe or matter, but that the archbUhops and bifliops and other ecclefiaftical judges may do and proceed, as before the making of this adt they lawfully did or might have done5 any thing in this

to the contrary notwithftanding. 1 M> flat. 1. c. 18.

CAP.

i & *Ph. & M. c. 9.

1 Eliz. c. 6.

Inrolment of fines and recoveries.

The validity or the inrolment.

For what errors fines and recoveries are not reverfable.

Anno vicefimo tcrtio Elizabeths, c.2,3.	[1581.

CAP. II.

If any per (bn (hall advifedly and with a malicious Intent, of his own imagination, (peak any falfe and flanderous news or tales againft the Queen that now is, then he (hall have both his ears cut off, except he pay two-hundred pounds to the Queen's ufe in the exchequer within two months after judgment: And if he fpeak fuch flanderous news of the report of any other, he (hall have one of his ears cut off, except he pay two hundred marks, &c. And*if any perfon once convift (hall offend again, it (hall be adjudged felony. Ana if any perfon (hall devife, write, print or fet forth any book, rhime, ballad, fetter or writing, containing any faUe, feditious and flandetous matter to the defamation of the Queen, or to the flirting or moving of any rebellion ; or (hall caufe any fuch book, rhime, writing, &r. to be written, printed or publifhed 5 or (hall by fettinjg of any figure, calling of nativity, or by calculation, propne-fying, witchcraft, conjuration, &c. feek to know, and (hall let forth by exprefr words, deeds or writings, how long the Queen (hall live, or who (hall reign as King or Queen after her aeceafe; or (hall utter any prophecies to any fuch intent $ or (hall wifh or defire the death or deprivation of the Queen, or any thing to the fame efle& : Then every such offence (hall be adjudged felony. To continue only during tbs ^'ucen> life.

CAP. III.

An aft for the reformation of errors in fines and recoveries.

FOR the appealing of fuits, the avoiding of falfe pradifes, deceits, devices and mifdemeanours, and for helping of negligences and mifprifions of clerks and officers, dangerous to amirances of men’s lands-and hereditaments; (2) Be it enabled by the Queen’s moll excellent majefty our fovereign lady, the lords, fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every writ of covenant and other writ, whereupon any fine heretofore hath been levied or hereafter (hall be levied, the return thereof, the writ of dedimus potejlatem made for the knowledging of any of the fame fines, the jreturn thereof, the concord, note and foot of every fuqh fine, the proclamations made thereupon, and the King’s filver, (3) and alfo every original writ of entry in the pojl or other writ, whereupon any-common recovery hath been fuffered or hereafter (hall be fuffered or paffed, the writs of Summon. ad Warrantizandum, the returns of the faid originals and writs of Summon. ad Warrantizandumy and every warrant of attorney had or to be had, as well of every demandant and tenant as vouchee, extant and remaining or that (hall be extant and in being, (4) may upon the requeft or election of any perfon, be inrolled in rolls of parchment by fuch perfons, and for fuch con-fiderations, as hereafter in this a<5t (hall be mentioned \ and that the inrolments of the fame, or of any part thereof, (hall be of as good force and validity in law, to all intents, re-fpedts and purpofes, for fo much of any of them fo inrolled, as the fame being extant and remaining were or ought by law to be.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,That no fine, proclamations upon fines, or common recovery heretofore had, levied, fuffered or palled, or hereafter to be had,

levied.

Arihovicefinio terrio Eli£a#ethJb. C.jl	33f

levied, fuffered or palled, (hall be reverfed or reverfable by any torit of errors for falfe or incongrue Latin, rafure, interlining; mif-entring of afty* Warrant of attorney, or of any proclamation, mif-retuming dr not returning of the (heriff, or other vfrant of form in words and not in matter of fubftance.

III.	Provided always; That this aft, nor any thing therein what periods

contained, (hall bar or exclude arty perfon or perfons from any maj have_

writ of error which (hall be hdd; taken or puifued, within five *nts

years next after the end of the feffion of this prefent parliament, orr^vericSr1 upon any fine or recovery heretofore had or fuffered; nor from knd in what* any writ of error which (hkll be had, taken or puTfued upon cafes, any fine or recovery heretofore levied, knowiedged or had, which fine or fines; recovery or recoveries, or any part of . parcel of them or any of them, now is, or at any tune before the firffc day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lbrd God one thoufand five hundred eighty-two, (hall be exemplified under the great feal of England, at and by the fuit of any period that is or may be intituled to have or fue any writ of £rr6f upon any the fines or recoveries heretofore patted: (a) Nor to bar any feme covert, or any perfon within the age of one and twenty years, or any perfon that is Mn compds mentis, in prifon or beyond the feas, of or from any writ of error to be had or profecuted for the reverfing of any fine or recovery heretofore palled, leviedv or fuffered, fo that fuch feme covert or her heirs, within feven years next after that (he become foie, and fuch perfon within the age of one and twenty years, or his heirs within feveri years next after he (hall come and be' of full age of one and twenty years, and fuch perfon that is non tontpos mentis, within feveri., years next after he (hall become of fane memory, and in default thereof the heirs of fuch perfon that is non compos mentis, within feven years next after the death of fuch perfon being non compos mentis, and fuch perfon in prifon or his he\rs, within feven years next after the fame perfon (hall be at liberty, and fuch perfon beyond the feas or his heirs, within feven years next after the return of fuch perfon into this realm of England, or the death of the faid perfon, if he (hall before his return die in any foreign coun- . try, mall fue take andprofecute their writs of error, as their cafes Severally (hall require, for reverfing of any the faid fines or recoveries heretofore palled, levied or fuffered

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- A remedy for thority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, within the heir where * the time and years afore-mentioned, commence or fue his or aneeftor their writs of error for the reverfing of any the faid fines or re-

coveries heretofore palled, which fait (hall fortune to abate by the death of any the parties to the fame; that then it (hall and may be lawful for his and their heirs, at any time within one year next after the faid (even years expired, to have, fue and take their writ of error for the reverfing of every fuch fine and recovery: (2) And if fuch heir be an infant within the age of one and twenty years, then within one year next after the full age of fuch infant; any thing in this prefent aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Vot. VI.	Z	V.And

vecoTeiy.

Attornment upon a fine#

$3$	Anno	vipefimo, tsftiq. Ei,ij5AB,j:ti^^L c.'j.	(-1,581.

Theday and V. And be it further enafted by the authority of thus prefcnt citified o^the parliament. That every perion that (hall at any. time hereafter knowledge of tike the knowledge of any fine 0r warrant of attorney of. any a fine or war- tenant or vouchee for funering of any. common recovery, or rant of attor- (hall certify them or any of them, (hall* with the certificate of fr&rinp rf a *&* concord or warrant of attorney, certify alfo the. day. and year " wherein foe fame was knowhdged(2.) And ttMt.no. pcrfon that taketfi any. fuch kwwkdgeioC4ny. fioe»or Warrant foe any recovery, foafibe bouuden, or by, apy mean? mforced to. certify any fuch. knowledge or warrant, except it be within one year next after the faid knowledge, taken: (3). And that no clerk or officer mail Teceive any. writ; of covenant or. writ of entry, whereupon any fine or cotpraon.recovery.is hereafter topafs, unleft the day of the.knowledge of the* fame, fine and warrant (haH appear in br by fhch certificate.; (4) upon, pain that every clerk that (hall receive any fuch; writ,,'ifiaU. forfeit, for eatery time that he (hall fpoffifod, foefppyof five pounds,; (5} And that no attornment in crupop any. fine, be entered, ujfron tecord, except the party mentioned, to. attorn, foe/eib, firft have appeased, m the court in perfop or by attorney warranted by the haqd. o£ one of the juftices, of the one bench or the othos, or: ofi one jufiipe of affize, upon a writ of! quid juris clomat, quem reiitsim. reddit, or per qua jervitia^ as the cafe requireth: (6) And that every entry of attornment hereafter to be made. Where there fitall. be no appearance as afore is (aid, fhall be utterly void and of. none ejfedi, without; any writ of error qr other means, to be ufed for the avoiding thereof.

The office for VI. And; be it further cna&cd by the authority afbrefaid, inrolment of T|^ there flypll be for ever one Office, for the inrolment afore-Tod recove- fi^4( which (hall be and continue an office for ever, called the. office lies. . of inrolment of writs for fines and recoveries: (2) And that the juftices of the common pleas for the time being .(other , than the chief jufoce) fhall .have and’ take the care and charge of and for the inrolment^ aforefajd, and (hall have and enjoy the faid office and. the difpofition, thereof, and carefully fee and look to the execution thereof: (3) AmUo confideration of thejr charges, pain and trave) therein, (haH have and take.the films of. money hereafter following, and.no. more; that is. tp. fay, for the, inrolment and examination, of every fine! ahd the parts thereof before-mentioned, tbe. fom of fix: (billibgs eight-pence: (4) And for the inrolment of, the faid parts of every recovery and the examination thereof, fix (hillings, eight-pence: (5) And for every exemplification of the inrolment of any fine five (hillings: (6) And .for the exemplification aijdretums of every writ of entry, fummomt ad wnrrantizands, and. warrants, five (hillings : (7) And for- the fearch of, the roils- of one year four pence: (8) And for the copy of one (heet of paper containing fourteen lines, four pence : (9) And that the faid. juftices or one of them (hall examine the inrohnentsof every fuch fine and parts of - recoveries, and forthwith after examination thereof, and immediately after the inrolment of every fuch fine and parts of recoveries,

5.	write

Tbe fees for' inrolment of fines and recoveries.

339

Xftnci viccfimo {ertid Elizabeth.*, c.j.

Writs his namd that fo examineth With his own hand in the roll thereof; (io) upon pain that the^ faid jtlftices {hall forfeit to our fovetdgn lady the Queen’s majefty the fum of five pounds, for every time, that they or fome or one of them lhall make default of fuch examination or Writing of his or their name as afore is faid : (i i'J And that it {hall and may be lawful to and- for the The juftices jufikes of the laid court of comtrion pleas, from time to time mpyaffefsfine* fo take order ih all things that fhall Be convenient and need- tor "“ifprifiOT, for for the inrolments aforefaid, ahd upon examination in the	’

faid court, to aflhfsfuch fine oranVerciamen't upon' any clerk, (he- 6 riff, deputy, attorney, and other perfoh, for his and their niif-	*

prifiort, contempt arid negligence for hot doing or mifdbing in anything, ofr in or concerning the {aid fines and recoveries,

Or any part of them of either of them, as By the (hid juftices of the faid court of common pleas' for the time' being lhall be thought meet ahd convenient: (rat') The faid fine and amerciament to be eftreated amongftother fines and amefciaments of that court where fuch offence or mifprifion (had be committed.

Vll.	And be it further enafted by the authority of this pre-a table eon* fent parliament, That the Chirograpner of fines of the common taining the pleas for the time being for ever lhall write and make, or cauft content* of to be written and made, lor every county where her Majefiy’s writ be*(et up h» runneth, one fable, wherein lhall be contained fuch contents of the common every fine that'lhall pafs in any one term, as hereafter is men-pleas, and at tioned; that is to fay. The name of the county wherein the te- every ncments mentioned, in any fine be, the name of every plaintiff and deforciant, add of every manor named in the fine, if any fuch be, and of the towns and places where the tenements in fuCh fine coiftprifed do lie: (2) And the firft day of the next term after the ingrafting of every fuch fine lhall fix every of the faid tables upon lome open place in the court of common pleas, and fo every day of the faid term, during the tiine of fitting of the faid court: (3) And that the faid Chirographer lhall deliver to every Iheriff of every county, his under-iheriff or deputy, fair written in parchment, a perfect content of the table fo to be made for that fhire, in the term that lhall next before the affixes be holden in the faid county, or elfe meane between that term and the faid afiizes: (4) And that every fuch IherifFto whom fuch parchments with the contents aforefaid lhall be. delivered, the firft day of the next aflizes after the delivery thereof unto him, and every day during the faid afiizes, lhall fix and fet up the fame writing undefaced, in fome open place in the. court where the juftices of the alfizeof that county (hall fit, ahd lhall fee the fame to continue there during fuch time as the faid juftices (hall fit there in court; (5) upon pain that every chirographer and Iheriff Offending againft any thing in this aft contained, (hall forfeit to our lovereign lady the Queen’s majefty the fum of five pounds, the one moiety whereof (hall be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any court of

Z 2	record}

Anno vicefimo tertio Elizabeths. c,£	[1581

Tie chirogra-record; wherein no efibio, protection or wager of law (hall be I a^owe^: (6) And that the cnirographer for the time being (hall ] rontem of\ ^avc an<* ta^c for every fuch content of every fine fo fet down ' fine.	in the table aforefaid, four pence.,

VIII.	And forafmucb as upon great examination it appeareth% that divers fines and recoveries have been heretofore levied and fuffered of divers manors, mejjuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, which fometime were the inheritance ofGeorge fometime earlof Kent, great-grand-father to Henry now earl 0/Kent, in ufe, pojfejfion, reverfion or

The earl of	remaindery	whereunto the find now earl of Kent pretendeth title in

Kenft title, ufey pofifeffum, reverfion or remainder, which, if they he erroneous as is pretended, do much vary from the general caufe and mifehief for which this Jlatute meaneth to provide: (2) Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That neither this ftatute, nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend to take away any writ of error whereunto any perfon or perfons is now or hereafter (hall be lawfully inti tied, for the reverting of the (aid fines and recoveries or any of them, heretofore levied or fuffered of any of the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, which late were any part or parcel of the inheritance of the faid George fometime earl of Kent, in ufe, potieflion, reverfion or remainder; any thing in this ftatute contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a-forefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the juftices clerks, authorized by their warrant, in the faid feveral offices and places where the lame records or any of them do or (hall remain, to write out or inroll the fame records and every part thereof.

The records without any thing to be paid therefore: (2) And that the (aid records nor any of them, for the writing out or making the of^e office. ro^s thereof by * the clerks of the faid juftices, otherwife than for the examination thereof by the juftices, (hall be brought j or carried forth of the (aid offices or places.

No amend- X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That ment of fines, none of the fines or recoveries heretofore levied, patied or a£ter ?x" fuffered, which (hall be exemplified under the great feal accord-«mp 1 cation. to tfoe form Qf this aeft, (hall after fuch exemplification had, , be in any wife amended. See 27 EL c. 9. as to fines, WV. in Wales.

CAP. IV.

The Queen (hall and may, af need (hall require, by commiflion under the great feal, give authority to certain coinmiffioners in all and every the counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Weftmorland and the county palatine of Durham, or in any one of them, to enquire what tenancies and houfes of habitation, fit hence anno 27 H. 8. be decayed, and not occupied by men able to ferve as horfemen or footmen, according to the ancient duty of thofe tenancies, and to examine the probable caufes of thofe ruins, and of all the wants and evil furnitures ‘ , -of the laid horfemen and footmen, and to give order for the reformation thereof .with all fpced, for the defence of the frontiers toward Scotland. KEP. 4 Jac, 1. c. i.

•CAP,

34»

1581.J Anno vicefimo tertio Elizabeth^, c.5.

CAP. V.

An alt touching iron-mills near unto the city of London and the river ^Thames.

WHE R E A S by reafow of the late ereftion of fundry iron-mills Woods grow* in divers places of this realm not far dijlantfrom the city of mg within a London and the fuburbs of the fame* or from the Downs andfea-coajls of Suflex, the necejfary provifion of wood* as well timber fit |r Thames,-for buildingand other ufes* as alfo all other fellable woods ferving for fhall not be* fewel* doth daily decay and become feant* and will in time to come be- felled to be come much more farce* by reafon whereof the prices are grown to be	^on-

very great and unreafonable* and in time to come will be much more* j/^orks. feme remedy be not provided; to the great damage not only of the inhabitants of the jatd city of London and the Jicburbs of the fame* but alfo to all others the Queer/s majejlfs mofi lovingfubjefts* having occafion daily from allparts of the realm to repair unto the fame and the places abovefaid: (2) For remedy whereof, be it therefore enabled by In what places the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, the lordstfpiritual and tem- iron-works poral, and the commons, in this prefent parliament here af- Jh5IlJ>ecrecr11 (enabled, and by the authority of the fame, That no perfon or the grwt perfons from and after the feaft-dfy of the nativity of Saint cay of wood. John the Baptift next coming, (hall convert or employ, or caufe to be converted or employed, to coal or other fewel for the making of iron or of iron metal, in any iron-mills, furnace or hammer, aiw manner of wood or underwood now growing* or which hereafter (hall grow, within the compafs and precinft of two and twenty miles from and about the city of London or the fuburbs of the fame, or within two and twenty miles of the river Thames* from Dorchefler in the county of Oxford downwards the faid river of Thames* nor within four miles of the foot of the hills called the Downs* betwixt Arundel and Pemfey in the county of Suffix* nor within four miles of any of the towns of Wtnchelfey and Rye* nor within two* miles of the town of Pemfey* nor within three miles of the town of Hafiings in the faid county; (3) upon pain to forfeit for every load of wood fq to be employed or converted into coal or other fewel for the making of iron or iron metal,- in any iron-mill, furnace or hammer, as is aforefaid, forty (hillings of lawful money of England; the one half of all which forfeitures to be to our few vereign lady the Queen’s majefty, and to her heirs and fuccef-fors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame, by original writ, bill, plaint or information, wherein no effoin, protection or injunction, or wager of law (hall be ad«r xnitted or allowed.

II- Provided always. That this aft (hall not extend to any Woods grow-woods growing or to grow in any fuch part of the weilds of Surrey* Suffix or Kent* within the faid twenty-two miles of the	Sur7

faid city of London and the river of Thames* as is diftant above Kent. ' eighteen miles from the city of London* and eight miles from the faid river of Thames.

JII, And be it likewife further enafted. That from hence-

£ 3	for*

34*

New in*, work*.

Anno viccGmotcrtio Elizabeth^, c.6,-^-8.	£1581*

forth no new iron-works (hall be ere&ed within twenty-two tniles of the faid city of London^ nor within fourteen miles of the river of Thorpes nor within four miles of the Downs afbrefaid, or of the faid towns of Pemfcyy Wimhelfey, JJafiings or Ryey upon pain of one hundred pounds of lawful money of England* like-wife to be recovered and employed as is aforefaid.

The wood* of IV* Provided alfo, That this adl, npr any thing therein

giriflopher	contained, (h^li extend to any woods or underwoods now ftand-

arrelf.	ing or growing, or which hereafter (hall ftand or grow, in or up-

on any lands of Cbrifiopher Darrell gentleman, in the parifh of Nnvaigate, within the weild of the county of Surrey ; which woods of the faid Cbrifiopher have heretofore been and be by him prpferved and coppifed for the ufe of his iron-works in thofe parts. 1 EL f. 15. 27 BLc. 10.

C A. * * VI*

For every (hip, vefTel or crayer, whereof anyof the Queen’s (ubjeds fliaH be owners or part-owner*, of the burden of twenty tuns or upward, loading or difenarghig within this realm, and raffing to and from any foreign country,* during eight years, there (hall be paid for every fuch Voyage, by the mailer .or owner of fuch (hip, &c. threepence for every tun or burthen of every (uch (hip, &fr* (except veflels laden with lea coals or grindftones) toward the repair of hover haven $ and for every -chaldron of ft a coal or gnndftone, one raijoy halfpenny. EXP. 3* Eliz. d,. is* 35 Eliz. c. 7. 39 El. c. iS. 43 El. c. 9. 1 Jac. f. c. 31.

c^p.yu.

Jl (hall pot be lawful to any Enghffiman or wom^n, or deipzcu, to go or > fend into any other foreign country for the biiyuig or bringing into this realm any tailed'fith, or falted herring, nor to make agreement with any ftranger or other for fuch bringing of falted fi(h, &c. And no falted iKh, lhall be brought hither out of any foreign dominion, but by tha cwneift thereof, being aliens, without the procurement of any of the Qneen's fubje&s. 33 ft. S. c. a. 13 El. c, 11, 17 El. c. 1Repealed by 39* El. c. 10.	.	'	:

CAP. VIII.

An touching the true makings melting and working of wan*

penalty for \X7 H E RJE by the goodnefs of God this land doth yield great ufmg deceit by v V plenty of honey cmd'wax% as not only hath and dotbjitffice the mixt ure in neceflarj ufes of the fpueetis majejly and h& fubje£ts± to be Jpent with-melting wax, fa fajs rc(llmtf but alfo a great quantity to he. fpdrei* to he tranfportei f*9	unto	other realms and countries beyond the feas, by way of merchandize,

to the great benefit of her Majejly and the realm; (2; and yet never-thelefiy a great part of the wax made and melted within this realm hath been found to be .of late very corrupt^' hy reafonof the deceitful mixture thereof and the makers and fellers of honey alfo have not only ufed to put the faid honey in cajk of deceitful ajfijey but have ufed alji deceitful mixtures of the fame : ( 3) Be ittherefQrfc enafted. by the authority of this prefeot parliament, That every* perfon within this realm qr the dominions of the fame, whjen fhaji after the feaft of Pentecojl next enfuing, in the making and melting of wax, by any way or means ufe or pra<5life, or caufe to be ufed ot

!Va<ftifed, any manner of deceit by mixture and mingling the ame with rofin, tallow, turpentine, or any other deceitful thing, to the intent to fell and utter tfye fame, or offer the fame to 5?

w •	•• •	-• ** 4 r : i •• -	fold

Anno vlcefimo tertici EuzaBetha. c.$,	$4.g

fold or uttered for wabt, to any perfon or pofons whatsoever,

(hall forfeit and loft the feme mingled of corrupted wax : (4)

And if the fame corrupted Wax fhall happen to be fold before fuck fault and conniption (hall be found, that then the (aid metier, mingler Or corrupter, cauftr or procurer thereof, fhall forfeit for every pound two (hillings, whereof the one half to the Queen's majefty, the other half 16 the party deceived, if . hi will fue for it, or any other perfon or perfons that will fue for the fame id any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record.	>

II.	And to the intent that the offenders in thefe kinds of de- Every metier ceit may be the better and fooner known and found out, be it

enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every melter ana mak- k mar**' tr up of unwrought wax fhall have for himfelf a ftamp or mark of the bie&dth of lixpence, whefein two.letters (hall be plainly graven, fignifying his name arid furnaine, and with the fame (hall damp every piece of wax, to be printed or (tamped triangle in three places upon the outfide of the upper part of every piece fo melted and call, upon the pain to forfeit the value of every piece or cake fold or offered to be fold, arid not fo damped or marked.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Wrought wax

no mdnner Of perfon ne perfons within this realm, or the do- ftaD be good minions thereof, (hall from the did fead of PenUcoJi melt, mix,	j

work or fell any manner of wrought wax,'fluff or wares wrought	or%*£

with wax, as in lights, daff-torches, red wax or fealing wax, “	*

book-candle, fearing-candle, fearing of dead corps, links, green

wax, red wax, or any other work or thing whatfoever, to'be done or wrought with wax to be put to (ale, but with good, wholfome, pure arid convenient duff, meet in fuch wares or work in convenient quantity to be ufed: (2) And that every perfon or perfons that fhall work to fell fuch duff or wares of wax, have a mark, damp orftal, to fet on his or their work by him or them wrought or fold, to the intent that if any deceit be ufed or done, it m&y be known who were the workers thereof; (3) and fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be found or known to work or fell, or to fale put, any fuch (alfe wax or wares wrought with wax to be put to fale, (hall forfeit and lofo the fame corrupted or deceitfol wax ahd wares; the one half to be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other to the patty deceived, if he (hall fue for the fame; or otheiwife to him or them that will foe for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record wherein no ellbin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That The forfeiture

every perfon arid perfons whatfoever, which after the feaft of Pen- of him that tecojt next aforefaid (hall fell, or offer to be fold, any corrupted and	work

falife mingled wax; (hall foie arid forfeit the faid wax, the one-moi- wax'co°rrapt1 ety thereof to be to the Queen’s majefty, and the other to the ed.

party deceived, if he (hail foe for the fame j of otherwife to him

of them that will fue for the fame as is aforefaid: (7.) And Veflels of h<»-

Z4	that	W be

344	Anno	vicefiraotertio Elizabe1th2B.	[1581^

marked with that all barrels, kilderkins and firkins filled with honey by the two letters, maker and filler (hall be marked with two letters Handing for his name and furpame, each letter of an inch and an half of length at the lead, burpt upon the head of the calk with a hot irbn; (3) upon th,e pain to forfeit fix fhillings eight-pence for every barrel, kilderkin, firkin or calk, fold or offered to be fold, and not fo marked : (4) And that if any perfonor perfons do or . (hall after the four and twentieth day of Auguft next coming after the end of this felfion of parliament fill and fell, or caufe to be The content filled or fold, or offered to be fold, any barrel, kilderkin or fir-fo^oneytobe ^ with honey, for or in the name of a barrel, kilderkin or fir-fold,	kip, containing lefs than two and thirty wine gallons the bar-

rel, fixteen wine gallons the kilderkin, and eight wine gallons the firkin > every perfon and perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and lore for eyery half gallon fo lacking, five fhillings of Engbjb The penalty money: (c) Apd every perfon and perfons that mall corrupt for coiTOpung the honey fo fold or to be fold with any deceitful mixture, (hall ojF honey.	forfeit the barrel or v$flel, and honey therein contained 3 the one

moiety whereof to be to ouy fai^i fovereign lady the Queen’s ma-jefty, and the other to him or them that will lue for the fame as aforefaid.

Perfons idling	V• Provided always. That this aft as touching the making of

jwax of their wax (hall not extend to any perfon or perfons felling the wax of own bees. their own bees in open markets in fmall pieces, (2) nor to any fcrvant or fervants, or other perfons mingling or corrupting any wax by commandment of their matter or other perfon having authority over them, fo as they wili confefs the fame.

The penalty Vi. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, for counter- That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time hereaner counterfeiting of feit any the marks above-mentipned, or (hall fet to the mark or markin^with mar*s ***¥ ot^cr perfon or perfons, without the content of j^thertWim,t^e kme Pferl°n or perfons Whole names the (aid marks lhall mark. £gnify; that every fuch offender in the premifies (hall forfeit for every fuch default five pounds; (2) the pne moiety thereof to be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and foccefiors, and the other moiety to the party deceived, ifhe will foe for the fame; or other-wife to any other perfon or perfons that (hall fue for the fame by bill, action or information, in any the Queen’s courts of record, wherein no efibin, protection or wager of law (hall be admitted or allowed for the defendant: (3) And for non~fofficiency of . payment thereof, to bp fet on the pillory in the next market-town to the placp whefe fuch qffence (hall be committed, and to fufier three months imprifonmetit without bail or mainprise for every offence committed contrary to this article of this prefect a&. CAP. IX.

An aS for abolijhing of certain deceitful fluff iffed in dying of cloth, &c.

WHEREAS of late years there bath beat brought into this realm of England from beyond the ftps a certain kind of ware or fluff called logwood, alias bioclwood, yohereynth divers dyers, cfa •................ :	*'	tbiers.

1581.] Anno viccfimo tertio Elizabeths, c.g.	345

thiers, bat-makers and others, have and do dye daily divert bread tloihs, kerfies, wools, pemejlones, bays, cottons, hofe-yarn, hats, taps, flannels, woodmatts, mockadoes, tajbes, boffins, tuft mockadoes and other things: (2) Forafmuch as the colours made with the fendfluff ■ tatted logwood, alias blockwood, is falfe and deceitful, and the claws and other thingstberewith dyed, are not only fold and uttered, to the great dectii of the $teeetts loving fubjefls within this her realm of England, but alfo beyond the feas, to the great difcredit and flander as well of the merchants as of the dyers of tins realm:

II.	For reformation whereof, be it ordained, enaCted and Logwood dull eftablifhed by the Queen our fovereign lady, and by the aflent be forfeited, of the lords Kpiritual. and temporal, and the commons, in this £?<mly,b“ni' prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, do&£r w£oi That all fuch logwood, alias blockwood, in whofe hands foever (ball be dyed the fame fhall be found, after the feaft of Saint Michael the arch- therewith, angel next enfuing, fhall be forfeited, and openly burned by authority of the mayor or other head officer of the city or town corporate, or of two radices of peace of the county where it fhall be found : (2) And that from and after twenty days after ji*ealedby the end of this feffion of parliament no perfon, of what degree 13 & i^Car.i, foever he be, fhall dye, or caufe to be dyed, any cloth, wool, c. n. f. *6,

. or any other of the-premises above-mentioned, or any other thing wbatfoever, with any of the faid ware or fluff called logwood, alias blockwood; (3) upon pain that the dyer of every fuch feveral thing fo dyed fhaU forfeit the value of the fame thing fb dyed,: the one moiety to the ufe of the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him thatwill file for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, many court of record,' in which fuit no efloin, protection, wager of law nor writ of privilege for the defendant fhall be admitted or allowed:

{4) And the party offending bring thereof convicted, to remain in prifon without hail or mainprife till he have fatisfied the fame value.

III.	And where clothes, kerfies and hofen, have been dyed with a colour which is commonly catted a galled and mothered black, or with a colour commonly catted a Jhoomake and mothered black; which colours, although they carry a Jbew of a good, true and per fell colour of wooded and mothered black, and of fuch as do buy the find colows, either in cloth kerfie or bofe, taken fo. to be, noiwith/landing in proof and wear-ing prove contrary, to the great deceit of the jjhuen’s fiubjefts, and thycrediting of the cloth and other things fo dyed‘: For reformation whereof, be it enaCted, That ho (una of cloth or clothes, kerfies, bays, frifadoes broad or narrow, hofen, or other things being in the nature of doth, fhall from henceforth be mathered for a black, except the fame be firft grounded with woad only, or with woad and ande, alias blue inde, unlefs the madder be put in with fhoomake or gallis: (3) And that from and No cloth fliall after twenty days after the end of this feffion of parliament, no be mathered perfon of what degree foever he be, fhall dye or caufe to be	T*

dyed any cjoth or clothes or other things abovefaid,of what kjnd ^oundedwith or nature foever, mgthered for a black, not having a ground of woad.

yroad

346	Anno	vicefeno	tertio	Elizabeths. c.io. £1581.

Wood only, or of wood and ancle, aSas bluetTfcfe; urilefs die madder be. put in with (hoomake or gallis; (4) upon piin that the dyer of every fiich fcveral thing fo dyed, dttil forfeit the value of the fame thing fo dyed t the one moiety thereof to the ufe of the Queen’s majefty, her beiti or fucceflbrs; 2nd the dther moiety to him that will fue for the (ame* by a&iondf debt; bill, plaint or information, in any court of record} in which iuit no efibim prote&ion, wager of law, nor writ of privilege for the defendant (hall be admitted or allowed; (5) and thfe party offending being thereof convifeed; to remain in priion without bail or mainprife till he have finished the fame value.. -Gafted-biack, IV. Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful to dye frr*,e.-- manner of galled, black, (hoomake-black, alias plain-black ™ wherein no tnatber ihaH be feed, as heretofore lawfully hath 1 been done; .this aA, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary notwithftanding. .	|

A dyer (ban V. Provided always; That every dyer that (hall afterthe feaft 1 ftal of of PfHtttoft next enfuing the end of this feffion of parliament dye m the f»d black clothes, kerfies or frifiutoes mathered and \BOttbU not woaded, (hall before he deliver any of the (ame forth of hit hands, .foe a feal of lead to. every of them, in which the letter M fignifying feathered (hall be contained; (a) upon pain that every dyer offending to the contrary (hall forfeit for every yard of the (aid cloth,- kerfies; bays or ffifadbes, the fern of three (hillings four pence, (a) And that if any period (hall foil any cloth, kerfies, bays or mfadoes, mathered and not woaded, after fee (aid feaft of Penttcofti and ihaH not firft give notice to the , buyer thereof, that the (ame is not woaded; mall forfeit alfb the double value of all fuch doth, kerfies; bays ufe frififeoes as he (hall fo fell: (4) Which forfeitures fhafl be to the party feat (hah fue for the fame in any court of rdcord,- by aftidti of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efibin, prote&ion or wa- . ger of law (hall lie. 24 H. 8. c, 2. 39 El, 1.11.

CAP. %.

An all for the prefervation of pbeafants arid partridges.

The penalty

for taking or killing of pbeafants or partridges in the night#

WHERE tht game of pbeafants and partridge} is within theft few years in manner Utterly decayed and deftroyid in all parts ef this reahn% by means of fitch as take them with nets, fnares and Other engines ana devices, as well by day as by -nighty (2) and edfo by occafion of fuch as do ufe hawking in the beginning of bervejl, before the young pbeafants and partridges be of any bignsft, to the great fpoil and hurt of corn and grafs then ftandtng and growing in thefields c II. For reformation thereof, be it enafted, eftablimed and ordained by the Queen out1 fbtereign lady,' the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons* in this pfefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no manner of perfon or perfons, of what eftate, degree, or condition foever, (hall at any time or times, frtrtn and afterthe firft day of Jpril next enfuing, take, kill or deftroy any phcafrhts or partridges

with any manner' of nets, fnares, gins,-

engines, rowfting, lowffing

1581.3	Anno vkefimo terep Elezabethjb. c.io. 34^

lowfEng or other devices whatsoever, is the night-time i (t) 11H. 7. c. 17. upon pain of forfeiture for every pheafant fb token, killed or oe- 3 Bulftr. 17s. Stroyed, contrary to the true meaning of this a&, the fum of twenty Shillings; (3) and for every partridge lb taken, killed or destroyed, the fum of ten (hillingsj (4) die which hud penalties and forfeitures, if every perfon or perfons fo offending do not pay within ten days next after his or their convi&ion, then to hav« one month’s imprisonment without bail or mainprife;

(5)	and farther, over, and betides Such forfeiture or imprifon-inent, to put in bond with good fureties for the Space of two years, that be Shall not take, kill or deftroy any partridges or

S>heafants, contrary to the true meaning of this a<ft; (6) the amehond to be taken by fome justice of die peace of die county where the faidoffcnce (hall be committed: (7) The one half Who (hall of all which Said feveral forfeitures to be to the chief lord or	for*

lords of the liberties, lordflups or manors, upon and in which the fame Shall be fo taken, killed or destroyed, and thfc other meant they padiety to Tuch perfon or perfaas as will foe for the fiune in any (hall b« woof her MajeSt/s courts of record, by bill, plaint or informs- vend. ,.. tion; in which Suit no efloin, prote&on or wager of law Shall be allowed, '

III.	Provided always. That if filch perfon to whom the one half of the Said forfeiture is appointed for the taking, killing or -destroying of partridges or pheafants, contrary to the tenor and true meaning of this ad. Shall difpenfe with, licence or procure any taking. Killing or destroying of any partridges or phealants, contrary to the form of .this ad; that then all fuch forfeitures and penalties as fuch perfon or perfons Should have by virtue of this ad. Shall be to the poor of the parish where Such taking, killing or destroying Shall be committed, and that to be levied or recovered in banner and form aforefaid, by any oqe of the church-wardens of th^ parish where the offences Shall be committed.

IV.	And belt likewjfe further enaded by the authority afore- The forfeiture Aid, That no manner of perfon or perfons from and after the f°r hawking feud firft day of April Shall hawk, or with his fpaniels hunt, in

any ground where corn or other grain Shall then grow, (except	<*

it be in his own ground) at Such time aa any eared or codded before uie com or grain Shau be Standing and growing upon the fiune, nor com be before fuch tipie as fuch com and grain Shall be Shocked,cocked, billed or coppedj (2) upon pain of forfeiture for every time that he Shall fo hawk or hunt as aforefaid, (without the confent of the -owner of the com or grain) to fucn perfon or perSbns as Shall be owner of the Said eared or codded com or grain, forty (hillings, and the fiune to be levied or recovered in manner and form aforefaid.

V.	Provided always, andbe it further enabled by the authority what officer* aforefaid. That the juftices of affifes in their circuits, and justices may hear and of the peace in every Shire, county and town corporate within determine the this realm, in their feflions, within their feveral limits of their °*f^nce* afore-commiSTion, and Stewards of leets, liberties and lawdays, with- ai '

;	•	in

fender, and bind him to appear at the next feffions.

Pheafant* er

348 Anno viGefimotertioEtr^ABETHiC. c.ti,—i6*	[1581.

in their feveral jurffi!i<Shons, (hall and may by virtue hereof, hear* enquire and determine of all and every offence or offences Which (hall be committed within the precindt of their liberties, jurif-A *ufti f didhons or franchifes againft the tenor df this adt : (2) And fur-peace mayex- That every juftice of the peace within every county of amine an of- this realm, (hall within the limits of his commiffion have power and authority by virtue hereof to examine all offenders in the premiffes within the county where he is or (hall be juftice, if fo be that the (aid offence or offences (hall not before be heard or determined by the juflices of aflife in their circuits, or by the ftewards of leets, liberties or lawdays within their faid feveral jurifdidtions; (3) and alfo to take bond with good fureties for his and their appearance that (hall fo offend, to appear at the next general feflions of the peace to be holden within the fame county where the fame offence (hall be committed, to anfwer the faid offence and to pay the penalties, or receive the punifti-xnent by this adt appointed or limited.

VI.	Provided always, That this adt (hall not in any wife ex-partridm un- tend to lowbellers, tramellers or others', wffich (hall unwillingly mllmgly happen to take any partridges or pheafants by night under any ^again? ** tramc^> lowbel, roadnet or other engine, fo as they and every of -	*	them	do	prcfendy	loofe	and	let	go every pheafant and partridge

fo taken, and (hirer them prefently to fly and go at large at the place where they (hall happen fo to be taken, without willingly killing, or wilfully hurting any fuch pheafant or partridge to taken in any manner of fort; anything in this adt contained to the contrarynotwithftanding. 1 Jac. 1.1. 27. 7 Jac. i. c. 11. G‘A P. XI»

The county of Glamorgan in South-Wales,* and the town of Cardiff therein, (landing near unto the river of Toffe, (hall jointly proceed together to the re-edifying of the bridge .there; <vi%. the cctanty (hall always be7 flow five parts of the charges, and the town of Cardiff one part; and fo for every five pounds payableby the county , the town of Cardiff and liberties (hall (land charged with twenty (hillings; and fo from time to time for the maintaining of the faid bridge, (hall defray all fuch charges as (hall beneceffary in like proportion. Repealed by i Annae, flat. t. c. 18. f. 10.

CAP. XII.

An addition to the ftatute of 13 El. c. *3. touching the paving of a ftreet without A! gate, in the fuburbs of London, leading to thd Queen's (tore-houfeof the Minories towards the Tower of London, and other places near thereunto. Every perfon that hath lands adjoining to the north-fide of Hog-lane, (hall fcour and keep fcoured and cleanfed the ditch there againff the faid lands, upon pain to forfeit to the Queen fix (hillings and eight pence for every rod not cleanfed.

CAP. XIII.

A continuance for two years of certain flatutes (not in prints) made anm 5,*

S & i+Eliz. touching the inriingand fencing of Earith, Lyfnes and Plumbed marfti in the county of Kent; andfome further benefits granted to the inners. 27 Eliz. c. 27. 4 Jac. 1. c. 8.

CAP. XIV.

A confirmation of a fubfidy of fix (hillings and eight pence in the pound, granted to the Queen by the clergy, to be paid in three years. EXP.

CAP. XV.	*

A grant of a fubfidy and two fifteens to theQueen by the temporalty. EXP.

CAP. XVI.

£ confirmation of the Queen's general and free pardon. Except, &c. EXP.

J	4m

i 585.3 Anno viccfitno feptlmo EtfZABBTH/B.	349

Anno vicefimo feptinio Regina Elizabeths?.

. ♦ , , »

AT the parliament begun,, and bolden at Weftminfter the three and twentieth day of November in the /even and twentieth year of the reign of our gracious fovereign /^ Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, France and Ireland, ^ueen, defender, of the faith, &c.- .And there continued until the nine and twentieth day of March follow-ing ; To the high pleafure. if'Almighty God, and the weed, publick of this realm, were enabled as followetb.

cap. i.

Four and twenty perfoha at the leaft, whereof part of the Queen’s privy council, and the nefidue being peers of the realm, by the Queen’s com-million lhall examine the offences of fuck as (hall mike any open invaiion or rebellion within this realm, or attempt hurt to. the Queen's perfon, by or for any pretending title to the crown y who after judgment given and publiihed by proclamation, lhall bedifabled to have or pretend title - to the crown : And thereupon every perfon lhall be purfued to death by all the Queen’s fubjefts, by whom or ;whofe means,'caffent or privity* any fuch rebellion lhall be denounced tp be made, or other thing attempted, comparted or imagined againil the Queen's perfon. If any aft lhall be executed; whereby the Queen’s life lhall be mortned, the offenders lhall be profeOuted ;t0 death, and difabled to pfetend title to the crown: The meaning of the ^ffociation was to the effeft aforefaid. EXP.

. r cap. 11.	;

An aft againjljefuits^ feininafy prteftsr and other fuch like _ dtfobedient perfons.

WHERE divers perfons called or profejfed. jefuits, feminary jefuits and

prtejis and mother priejls, .which hav$ been, and from time tot priefts in Eng-time are made in the parts beyond the feat* by or according to the order land (hall de-and rites of the. Romijh churchy have of late years comen and been fent, ^Sil'comeima and daily do come and are feisty into this realm of England and other the £>ueen9s majejlfs dominions, (2) of purpofe (as it hath appeared, The penalty as well by fundry of their, own examinations and confefjtonSy as by di- forrelievingof vers other mantfejt means and proofs) not only to withdraw her High-them’ nefs fubjefts from their due obedience to her Majejly, but alfo to fir up and move fedition*, rebellion and open hojlility within the fame her Highnefs realms and dominions» (3) to the great endangering of ffoThearofes fafety of her moft royal perfon, and to the utter ruin, deflation and whJ Jefuits . overthrow of the whole realm, if the fame be not the fooner by feme comePinto this good means forefeen and prevented:.	realm.

II. For reformation whereof be it ordained, eftabli(hed'andAjj jefujt8aluj enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, and the lords priefts lhallde-fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent par- part forth of liament affembled* and by the authority of the fame parliament, realm. That all and every jefuits, feminary priefts, and other priefts 9lr whatfoever made or ordained out of the realm of England or other her Highnefs dominions, or within any of her Majefty’s realms

or

jgdt	Anno	vieffimo	feptimo	ElizamThM.	e.*«	(f 58$,

or dominions, by any authority, power or jurifdiftion derived, f challenged or pretended frooHhe fee of Rome, fince the feaft of 1 the nativity of St. John Baprijt in the flrft year of bar Highnefs reign, (hall within forty days next after the end of this prefent lemon of parliament depart out 0# this realm of Bnglartd, and out of ah other hes Ifighnefe rerimsanddomiitidiia, if the wind, weather and-paffitge mall ferre for the fame, ordKbfkx foen after tbo end of thdfeid forty days as the wind, vfeathmt and1 gaflagp (fell fa ferve.

tiojefuitsor	HI* And be k farther enafted by the authority aforefeid, TThat

prkfts lhall if (hall nbtbe lawful to or for any jefuit, feminary prieft', or other comeiiuo,or fochprieft, deacon, or religions oreaelfcfiaftjcarperfoit wh&tfo-m *“* ever, being born- within this reafm, or any* otJfer her Highnefs dominions, and heretofore finee the faid feaft of the nativity of St. John Rafitifti in. the firff. year of her Majeft/s. reign, made, ordmnfld-.ot profefled* or hereafter to- boman^i ordained or pro* firiftd, by any authority er jorifoidtiore cferivedv chaUengeri or pretlmdien&un the fee ofrRbmr, Byor of what name, title or degree foever the fame (hall be called or known, to come into, be; or remain in: any part.of this malm, or any other- her- High-nefsdomirHone, after the end of the feme forty days, other than in fuch fpeciaT cafes, and upon fucH faecial occafions only, and for fuch. time only, as is expreffed'inthis aft; andif he do, that then every fuch offence (hall, be taken and adjudged fo be high treafon.'; and- every perfon fo offending (hall for hi* offence be adjudged a traitor, and (haU. fufferv lofe and forfeit, as in cafe

of high treafon.	 -

Receiving or IV. And-every perfon. wbiofo-after the etid'of the-ferae forty fui'^or'w'iefl*" ^ay** an^ *^er b*ch time of departure as is before limited ana dull be telony. appointed, (hall wittingly and willingly receive, relieve, comfort, aia or maintain any fuch jefiiit, feminary prieft or-other prieft, deacon or religious or ecclefiaftical perfon, as' is aforefaid, being at liberty, or out of hold, knowing him to be a jefuit, feminary prieft or other fuch prieft, deacon, or religious or ecclefiaftical perfon, as is aforefaid, (hall, alfo for (uch offence be adjudged a felon, without benefit of dergy; and fuffendeath', lofe and forfeit, as in cafe of one attainted, of felony.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. If any of her Majefty’s fubjefts(not‘being a jefuit,' a feminary prieft, or (hall after pro- other fuch prieft, deacon, or religious or ecclefiaftical perfon, as Curn rndtake *s before-mentioned) now being, or which hereafter (hall be of, theotuli. * or brought up in, any college of'jefuits, or feminary already erefted and ordained, ‘or hereafter to be erefted or ordained, in the parts beyond the feas, dr out' of this realm in any. foreign parts (hall not within fix months next after prodamation in that •behalf .to be made in thecity of London, under "the great feal of England, return into this realm, and thereupon within two days next after fuch return, before the bifhop of 'the diocefe, or two juftices of peace of the county where he (hah arrive, fubmit '	himfelf	to	her	Majefty	and	her	laws,	and	take	the	oarh	fer	forth

by aft in -the- firftyear of her reign j that then every- fueh per-

fon

'fhey who be in feminaries

1585.]	Anno vicefimo feptima Elizabeth.®. g.2.

foa wbichihaH otherwife return, come into, or be in this realm or any? other her Highnefs dominions, for fuch offence of retailing or being in mis realm or any other her Highnefs dominions, without fubmi&ton, as aforefeid, (hail alfo be adjudged * traitor, and fuffer, lofe ana forfeit, as in cafe of high treafon.

VI.	And be it further 'enacted by the authority' aforeftid, ^'Sending rditf any perfon under her Majefty^s (ubjedtion or obedience; ihaU at *° “y le^» any tune after the end of tho (aid forty days, by way of exchange,

or by any other fhift, way or means whatsoever, wittingly and feminjuy.

willingly, either diredHy Or indire&ly, convey, deliver or fend,

or caufeor procure to be conveyed or delivered', to be lent over

the leas, or out of this reahn, or out of any other her MtyeftyV

dominions or territories, into any foreign parts, (2) or (hall.

wittingly or wittingly yield, g£ve or contribute any' money or

other relief to or for any jefoit, femina.ry priefr, or fuch other

prieft, deacon, or religious or eeciefiaftical perfon, as is afore*

faidj ($)or. to or for the maintenance or relief of ainycoHegc;

of jefuits, orfetninacy already eredtedor ordained, or hereafter

to be eroded or ordained, in any the parts, beyond the leas, or'

outof this realm iq any foreign, parts, or of any perfon men;

being of or in any the fame conegeaor feminaries, and1 not re-.

turned into tbis realm with fubmmion, as in this ad is expreffed;

and continuing in. the fame realm: (5) That then every fuch

perfon fo offending, for the fame offence (hall iqcur the danger

and penalty of a pramunire, mentioned in the ftatute of pret-

muttire, made in the fifteenth year of the reign, of King jRubard-i6K, t. c. 5.

the Second.

VII.	And hie- it further enaded by the authority, aforefaid; None (hall Tend . That it (hall not be lawful for any perfon of or under her High- hi* child or nefs obedience, at any time after the laid forty days, , during her Maiefty’s life (Which God long preferve) to fend his or her *ut licence." child, or other perfon, being under his or her government, in- E3£P- j Jac! 1. to any the parts beyond the feas out of her Hignnefs obedience, c. 5. without the fpeoial-ttcence of her Majefty, or of. four of her Highnefs privy council, under their hands in that behalf firft

had or obtained (except merchants, for fuch only as they or any-of them (hall fend over the feas only .for or about his, her or their trade of merchandize, or to ferve as mariners, and not other-wife) upon pain to forfeit and lofe for every fuch their offence the fum of one hundred pounds.

VIII.	And be .it alfo ens&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Where the of-every offence to be committed or done againft the tenor of this comr _ ad inall and -may be inquired of,- heard and determined, as well

in the court commonly called the King’s bench in the county be enquired where the fame court mall for the time be, as alfo in any other of and deter-county within this realm, or any other her Highnefs dominions'^ mined, where the offence is or (hall be committed, or where the offender (hall be apprehended and taken.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority afore- Tranfpotting faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for and to every owner of jefuits, and mailer of any (hip, banc or boat, a; any time within the Prieft*« *c'"

fitid

A jefuit or 3>rieft fubnut-ting him&lf, and taking ' oath, and

die

559	Anno vicefWof^u too ELi2AHEfH<£. c.£	t*5^£'r

faid forty days, or other time before limited for. their departure* to tranfport into any the parts beyond the feas any fuch jefuit, feminary prieft, or othar prieft aforefaid, fa as the fame jefuit, feminary prieft, or other prieft aforefaid fa to be tranfported, do deliver unto the mayor or other chief officer of die town, port or place, where he mall be taken, in to.be tranfported, hi& name, and in what place he received fuch order, and how long he hath remained in this realm* or in any Other her Highnefs dominions, being under her obedience.

X.	Provided alfo, That this a&, or any thing therein con-tained, (hall not in any wiferextend to any fuch jefuit, feminary prieft, or other fuch prieft, deacon, or religious or ecclefi-aftical perfon as is before-mentioned, as (hall at anytime with-

beyingthe in the faid forty days* or within three days after that he fhall laws*	hereafter	come	into this realm. Or any other her Highnefs do-

minions, fubmit himfelf to fome archbifhop or bifhop of this realm, or to fome juftice of peace within the county where he fhall arrive or land, and do thereupon truly and fincerely, before the fame archbifhop, bifhop, or fuch juftice of peace, take x EL i. c. x. the faid oath fet forth in arm prim, and by writing under his handconfefs and acknowledge, and from thenceforth continue, his due obedience unto her Highnefs laws, ftatutes and ordinances, made and provided or to be made or provided in caufes of religion.

XI.	Provided always, if it haopen at any time hereafter any

peer of this realm to be indi&ed of any offence made treafbn, felony or pramunire, by this ad, that he fhall have his trial by his peers, as in other cafes of treafon, felony or pramtmire, is accuftomed.	#

XII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is declared by authority v aforefaid, That if any fuch jefuit, feminary prieft, or other

prieft abovefaid, (hall fortune to be fo weak or infirm of body, that he or they may not pafs out of this realm by the time herein limited without imminent danger of life, and this- under-ftood as well by the corporal oath of the party as by other good means, unto the bifhop of the diocefe ana two juftices of peace of the fame county where fuch perfon or perfons do dwell or abide; that then, and upon good arid fufficient bond of the perfon or perfons, with fureties, of the fum of two hundred pounds at the lead, with condition that he or they (hall be of good behaviour towards our fovereign lady the Queen and all her liege people, then he or they fo licencea and doing as is aforefaid, (hall and may remain and be ftill within this realm,

„	without	any	lofs	or danger to fall on him or them by this ad,

for fo long time as by-the fame bilhop and juftices (hall be limited and appointed, fo as the fame time of abode exceed not the fpace of (ix months at the mod: (2) And that no perfon or perfons (hall fuftain any lofs, or incur any danger by this aft, for the receiving or maintaining of any fuch perfon or perfons fo licenced as is aforefaid, for and during fuch time qnly as fuch perfon or perfons fliall be fo licenced to *	tarry

1585.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeths. 0.3*	353

tarry within this realm ; arty thing contained in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it alfo further enafted by authority aforefaid, One knowing That every perfon or perfons, being fubjefts of this realm, a jefuit or which after the faid forty days (hall know and underftand that J^in in the any fuch jefuit, feminary prieft, or other prieft abovefaid, (hall realm, and abide, (lay, tarry or be within this realm or other the Queen’s not di’fcover-dominions and countries, contrary to the true meaning of this jng it to a aft, and Ihall not difcover the fame unto fome juftice of peace

or other higher officer, within twelve days next after his faid pc knowledge, but willingly conceal his knowledge therein; That every fuch offender (hall make fine, and be imprifoned at the Queen’s pleafure: (2) and that if fuch juftice of peace, or other Skinner 369* fuch officer to whom fuch matter (hall be fo difeovered, do not within eight and twenty days then next following give information thereof to fome of the Queen’s privy council, or to the prefident or vice-prefident of the Queen’s council eftablifhed in the north, or in the marches of Walej, for the time being;

That then he or they fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of two hundred marks.

XIV.	And be it likewife enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That fuch of the privy council, prefiaent or vice-prefident, to whom fuch information (hall be made, (hall thereupon deliver a note in writing, fubferibed with his own hand, to the party by whom he (hall receive fuch information, teftifying that fuen information was made unto him.

. XV. And be it alfo enafted, That all fuch oaths, bonds and All oaths, fubmiflions, as (hall be made by force of this aft, as aforefaid, bond? and (hall be certified into the chancery by fuch parties before whom ccrtifi^dTnto the fame (hall be made, within three months next after fuch tjjC chancery, fubmiflion; (2) upon pain to forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence one hundred pounds of lawful Englijb money; the faid forfeiture to be to the. Queen, her heirs and fucceffors:

XVI.	And that if any perfon fo fubmitting hitfdelf, as afore- None (ubrniN faid, do at any time within the fpace of ten years after fuch fub- bimtclf* million made, come within ten miles of fuch place where her Majefty (hall be, without efpecial licence from her Majefty in miles of the that behalf to be obtained in writing under her hand ; That Queen, then and from thenceforth fuch perfon (hall take no benefit of his faid fubmiflion, but that the fame fubmiflion (hall be void as if the fame had never Ijeen. 1 Jac. 1. c. 4. 3 Jac. 1. c. 5.

CAP. III.

jin ait for the explanation of'an ait made in the thirteenth year of the Queen's majeftfs reign9 intituled^ jin ait to make the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of tellers, receivers, &c. liable to the payment of their debts.	%

WHERE in the parliament bolden at Weftminfter the fecotid A qaeffion day of April in the thirteenth year of the reign of our fo- anting uP°.n vereign lady <$ueen Elizabeth', there was amongjl other things an aSt ^fthe ilatutT ' Vol. VI.	A	a	ynadeSrf,3ei.

354 Anno vicefitno feptimo Elizabeths, c.3. r 1585.

madcy intituled, An adt to make the lands, tenements, goods \ and chattels of tellers, receivers, fcfr. liable to pay their debts; (2) upon which aft fome doubt and queflion hath been moved, whether the J^aeen’s highnefs, her heirs and juccejfors, might for the fatis-faction of her ana their debts and farms, by her or their letters pa-tents under the great fial of England, make [ale of any the lands, tenements and hereditaments, whereof her Highnefs, her heirs and fuc-offers, have power or authority to make fak by virtue of the fame atf9 afterthe death of fuch accountant or debtor as is mentioned in the faid aft, or where the account of juch accountant or debtor was not or is not made, or his or their debt known in the life-time of the fame accountant or debtor:

Sale of the II. For declaration and explaining whereof, be it declared accomptant’s and enadted by die authority of this prefent parliament. That death.’ *? **** t^ie a®> *** ^cry Part thereof, touching the power given by that recited adt unto her Highnefs, her heirs and fuoceflors, to make fale of any the lands, tenements or hereditaments by the fame adt limited to be fold, is, (hall and ought to be expounded and intended, as well in cafe where the fale is to be made after the death of fuch accountant or debtor, as where it The accomp- is to be made in his or their life-time; (3) and alfo as well in tant’s debt Cafe where the account is made, or the debt known within j eight yean a^ eight years after the death of fuch accountant or debtor, as ter his death, where* the fame account is made, or the debt known in the life-time of the feme accountant or debtor; any ambiguity or queftion that bath rifen or grown, or may arile, grow or be conceived, upon the letter of the fame adt to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftaftding.

Procefs a- III. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority gainft the ac- aforefaid. That after the death of fuch accountant and debtor, heir^fore as 1S ment*onecl m the faid recited adt, and before fuch time as the fale of his any the feuds, tenements and hereditaments, defcended unto 1 lands. the heir of fuch accountant or debtof as heir unto the feme ac-- countant or debtor, fhall be fold as aforefaid, a fcire facias (hall be awarded out of her Majefty’s court of exchequer unto the . (heriff of the county where any fu^h lands do lie, to gamifli the fame heir, to (hew caufe why the feme lands, tenements and hereditaments fo to him defcehded as aforefaid, (hould not be put to fale for farisfadtion of the feme debts or farms in the feme adt mentioned, according to the tenor of the faid adt; whereupon if the heir do not within a convenient time upon a gamifoment or two nichils returned, (hew and prove unto the faid court,, that* the executors or adminiftrators of fuch accountant or debtor have fufficient, which ought to anfwer. or be liable for the fame debt or farm, and whereby the faid debt or farm fhall and may be duly and fully fatisfied; That then after ten months next after fuch two nichilsy or garni foment returned, the fame lands, tenements /and hereditaments (hall be fold by her Majefty, her heirs or fucceHors, and the money thereof coming difpofed according to the true intent and meaning of the faid former recited adt.

IV.	And

1585*] Anno vkefitrid feptimo Elizabeth.®* £.3.	355

IV.	Aftd be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, The heir's fale That the faid recited a<ft, and this ftatute of explanation alfo,

as touching only the (ale of any lands, tenements or heredita- counting «o meats, to be made after the death of fuch accountant or1 debtor defraud the as is aforefaid, (half not extend to any lands, tenements or here- Queen* * ditaments, which any perfon or perfons not being privy or *i confenting unto anv fuch intent to defraud the Queen’s majefty, her heir9 or fuccenbrs, as in the faid recited a& is mentioned, now have or enjoy, or have purchafed or obtained, or before any Scire facias fo to be awarded as aforefaid, (hall have or enjoy, purchafe or obtain bona fide and upon good confideration ; any. thing in this adt, or in the before-mentioned adfc to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandirig.

V.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That this adl of ex- To what ac-planation (hall extend only unto fuch as have been or (hall be comptants tellers, receivers, treafurers, cuftomers, cofferers of the hotrf-

hold, farmers of impoft, collectors, bailiffs, vidhiallers, and ^i^xtend.

other officers of receipts and accounts unto our fovereign lady

the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and to every of

them, their heirs, executors and adminiftrators, and to no

other.	..	...

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority Frocefc a* aforefaid, That in fuch cafes where any account (hall or ought

to be made, or any debts (hall be owing in the courts of the fhcdcbtgrow**

duchy of Lancafter, and wards and liveries, or in any of them, cth in the

then after the death of fuch accountant or debtor as is meil- court of

tioned in the faid former adt, in any of the faid laft mentioned ?ar|J8 or

courts, and before fuch time as any of the lands, tenementsduchy*

or hereditaments, defeended unto the heir of fuch accountant

or debtor as heir unto the fame accountant or debtor, (hall be

fold as aforefaid, fuch procefs (hall be awarded, as hereafter is

exprefled; that is to wit, firil a privy feal, commanding the

fame heir to make perfonal appearance in the court out of

which the fame privy feaj (hall be awarded, to (hew caufe,. as

in the writ of Scire facias to be awarded out of the exchequer Is

before appointed: (2) and if the fame heir (hall make default

at the day of the return of the fame privy feal. That then

upon the affidavit made, that the fame privy feal was duly ferv-

cd, either upon the perfon of the fame heir, or left at the place

of his or her dwelling or molt ufual abode, an attachment with

proclamation (hall be awarded againft the fame heir, and (hall

be openly publifhed and proclaimed in foifte market-town hi

the county where the fame heir was laft dwelling, or made his

or her ufual abode, upon fome market day there iri the time 6f

open market, twenty days at the leaft before the return thereof:

(3) and if upon return thereof the faid heir (hall eftfoons make default, that then all things (hall be done and executed for the fale of the fame lands, tenements and hereditaments, and for the full fatisfadtion of the fame debt or'farm, in like and as large add ample manner and form, to all intents and purpofes, as before in this aft is limited and appointed In cafes where default is

A a %	'	made

Mo fate* of the* heir's lands during his minority.

356	Anno	vicefimo feptimo Eliz a bethje. c. 4.	[ 15^

made upon a gamifliment or two nichils returned upon a Son facias awarded out of the faid court of exchequer.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it likewife enafted, That if tk heir of any accountant or debtor before-mentioned, (hall happen to be within the age of one and twenty years when any fuch procefs (hall fortune to be awarded, that then during the time of his or her non-age, this aft or any thing therein contained (hall not in any wife be extended, executed or put m ure, as touching or concerning only the felling of the lands, tenements or hereditaments of any fuch heir; any thing in the lame aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding :

The heir's (2) and yet neverthelefs, after fuch time as any fuch heir (hall lands liable to accomplilh the full age of twenty-one years, all and lingular fale eight the lands, tenements and hereditaments defcended unto the nSl*aca>m *** ^ame fr°m any fuch debtor or accountant as aforefaid, (hall HA	at all times during the fpace of eight years then next enfuing,

be fubjeft and liable to be fold for the payment and fatisfadion of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, according to the intent and true meaning of this aft, in fuch manner and form to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame heir had been of full age at the time of the death of fuch debtor or accountant.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to the (ale of the lands, tenements or hereditaments, of any fuch heir or heirs, for or by reafon of any account, debt or farm, whereof any fuch debtor or accountant have or (hall have a quietus eft* or dii-charge in his or their life-time. 39 EL c. 7. revived by 1 Jci.

I.	(.2$./. 31.

CAP. IV.

age-

No fale of lands where the accomp-tant hath a quietus 1

An aft again/l covinous andfraudulent conveyances.

ijEL c. 5. Tj'ORASMUCH as not only the Queen's mojl excellent majejls, 1 X1 but alfo divers of her Higbnefs good and loving fubjefts, and bodies politick and corporate* after conveyances obtained* or to be obtained* and purchafes made or to be made* of lands* tenements* leaps, ejlates and hereditaments* for money or other good configurations* m have* incur and receive great lofs and prejudice by reafon of frank-lent and covinous conveyances* efiates* gifts* grants* charges and limitations of ufes heretofore made or hereafter to be made* of* in x out of lands* tenements or hereditaments fo purcbafed or to be pur-chajed: (2) which find gifts* grants* charges* efiates* ufes and conveyances were* or hereafter Jhall be* meant and intended by the forties that fo make the fame to be fraudulent and covinous, of purptfc and intent to deceive fucb as have purcbafed or Jhall purchafe the fame * (3) or elfe by the Jecret intent of the parties the fame be is their own proper ufe* ana at their free difpofition* (4) coloured m-verthelefs by a fained countenance and Jhew of words and fcntences, os though the fame were made bona Mt* for good caufes* and upon jufl and lazvful confederations:

II.	For remedy of which inconveniencies, and for the a\oid-' ing of fuch fraudulent, fained and covinous conveyances, gifts,

‘	grants.

*585O Anno vicefimQ fcptimo Elizabeths, c.4.	357

grants, charges, ufes and eftates, and for the maintenance of Fraudulent upright and juft dealing in the purchafing of lands, tenements ^nveyance* . and hereditaments; (2) be it ordained and enaCted by the au- ™iVe pur-** thority of this prefent parliament. That all and every convey- chafere (hall ance, grant, charge, leale, eftate, meumbrapee and limitation of be void, ufe or ufes, of, in or out of any lands, tenements or other here- Moor $0*. ditaments whatfoever, had or made any time heretofore fithence $I5* : the beginning of the Queen’s majefty’s reign that now is, or at x Roll. 167. any time hereafter to be had or made, for the intent and of pur- Lane 47. pofe to defraud and deceive fuch perfon or perfons, bodies po-	-

litiek»or corporate, as have purchafed or (hall afterwards pur- pl 1X ' chafe in fee-fimple, fee-tail, for life, lives or years, the fame 3 Co. So. lands, tenements and hereditaments, or any part or parcel there- 5 C0.60. of, fo formerly conveyed, granted, leafed, charged, ipeumbred 6	7*»

or limited in ufe, (3) or to defraud and deceiveTuch as have or EL 44. ihail purchafe any rent, profit or commodity iri or out of the Cro. Jac. 15S. fame, or any part thereof, (4) fhall be deemed and taken only £0. Entr.677, as againft that perfon and perfons, bodies politick and eorpo* rate, his and their heirs, fucceflbrs, executors, ?dminiftrator$ and affigns, and againft all and every other' perfon and perfon? lawfully having or claiming by, from or under them, or any of them, which have purchafed or fhall hereafter fo purchafe for money or other good ^confideration, the fame lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part or-parcel thereof, or any rent, profit or commodity in or out of the fame, to be utterly void, fruftrate and of none effect 5 (5) any pretence, colour, fained	1

confideration, or expreffing of any ufe or ufes to the contrary Hob. notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enafted hy the authority aforefaid, The penalty That all and every the parties to fuch fained, covinous and frau-dulent gifts, grants, leafes, charges or conveyances before ex- conveyances, prefled, or being privy and knowing of the fame or any of them, who do avovy which after the twentieth day of April next coming (hall wit- the fame, tingly and willingly put in ure, avow, maintain, juftify or defend the lame or any of them, as true, Ample, and done, had or made, bona fide, or upon good confideration, to the difturbance or hindrance of the faid purchafer or purchasers, leflees or grantees, ofr of or to the difturbance or hindrance of their heirs, fuccef-fors, executors, adminiftrators or afligns, or fuch as have or (hall lawfully claim any thing by, from or under them, or any of them fhall incur the penalty and forfeiture of one year’s value of the faid lands, tenements and hereditament? fo purchafed or charged $

(2) the one moiety whereof to be to the Queen’s piajefty, her heirs apd fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to the party or parties grieved by fuch fained and fraudulent gift, grant, leafe, conveyance, incumbrance or limitation of ufe, to be recovered in any of the Queen’s courts of record, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no cfloin, protection or'wager of law fhall be admitted for the defendant or defendants; (3) and alfo being thereof lawfully convicted, flfcH fuffer imprifon-pient for one half year without bail or mainprize.

A a $	IV.	Pro*

358	Anno	vicefirao fcpumo Elizabeths c.4.	31585.

Conveyance* JV, Provided alfo, and be it enadted by the authority afore-Uprd	That this aft or any thing therein contained fhall not ex-

nations°andC" tcn^Qr be conftrued to impeach, defeat, make void or fruftrate bona Mi. any conveyance, aflignment of leafe, afiurance, grant, charge, Goknb. 118. leafe, eftate, intereft or limitation of ufe or ufes, of, in, to or P1* »•	out of any Lands, tenements or hereditaments heretofore at any

\ Co.s/,°5, t^ne bad or *oad*> 01 hereafter to be had or made, upon or for 3 * *	good confideration and bona fide7 to any perfon or perftms, bodies

politick or corporate; any thing before-mentioned to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Lands firit V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That conveyed }f ^xvj perfon or perfons have heretofore fithence the beginning ^ revoait^ °f ^ xuceo’s *Daje%,s Wgn that now is, made or hereafter or alteration/ fhall make any conveyance, gift, grant, demife, charge, limi-and after fold tation of ufe or ufes, or afiurance of, in or out of any lands, for money or tenements or hereditaments, with , any claufe, provifion, article c^fidfradon. or condition: of revocation, determination or alteration, at his Cn^Jac. 1 So*. or their-will or pleafure, of fuch conveyance, afiurance, grants, limitations of ufes or eftates of, in or out of the (aid lands, tenements or hereditaments, or of, in or out of any part or parcel of them, contained or mentioned in any writing,, deed or indenture of fuch afiurance, conveyance, grant or gift \ (2) and after fuch conveyance, grant, gift, demife, charge, limitation of ufes or alliurance fo made or had, (hall or do bargain, fell, demife,. grant, convey or charge,, the fame lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part or parcel thereof^ to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, for money or other good confideration paid or given (the faid nrft conveyance, afiurance, gift, grant, demife, charge or limitation, not by him or them revoked, made void or altered, according to the power and authority referved or exprefled unto him or them in and by the faid fecret conveyance, afiurance, gift or grant,) (3) That then the faid former conveyance, afiurance, gift, demife and grant, as touching the laid lands, tenements and hereditaments, fo after bargained, fold, conveyed, demifed or charged, againft the ijiid bargainees, vendees, lefiees, grantees and every of them, their heirs, fuccefiors, executors, adminiftrators and afiigns, and againft all and every perfon and perfons which have, (hall or *	may lawfully claim any thing, by, from or under them or any

of them, (hall be deemed, taken and adjudged to be void, fruftrate, and of none effedt, by virtue and force of this prefent adt.

Mortgages VI. Provided neverthelefs. That no lawful mortgage made lawfully5 or to be made bona fide, and without fraud or covin, upon good made.	confideration,	(hall	be	impeached	or	impaired by force of this

adt, but (hall (land in the like force and effedt as the fame fhould have done if this adt had never been bad nor made j any thing ia this adt to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Matute mer- VII. And be it further enadied by the authority, aforefaid, thane, &c. That all the whole tenor and contents of all ftatutes merchant Ai»Jl b§ en- and ftatutes of the ftaple, hereafter to be knowledged, (hall

within

1585.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeths. c.4;	359

within fix months next after fuch knowledging,be entred in the in tL'c office of the clerk of recognizances, taken according to the fta- Cleric of re-tute made in the three and twentieth year of the reign of the cognizances, late King Henry the Eighth, by the (hewing forth of the faid 23 H. 8. c. 6. ftatute merchant or ftatute ftaple fo knowledged unto the faid clerk; (2) which faid clerk of the recognizances (hall enter, or caufcd to be entered, the (ameftatutes into a book for that purpofe to be provided and fafely kept by him, taking eight pence and no more, for every fuch entry.

VIII.	And be it farther, enafted, That if the party to whom The ftatut® any fuch ftatute merchant or of the ftaple (hall be knowledged, y^^gainft his executors or adminiftrators, do or (hall npt within four the purchafer. months hext after the k^owiedging of any fuch ftatute, bring

and deliver, or caufe to be brought and delivered, unto the faid clerk, or his deputy or deputies for the time being, all and every fuch ftatute and ftatutes as (hall be fo knowledged to him or to his ufe, whereby and to the intent that the £ud clerk, his de.-puty or deputies, may take and enter a true copy thereof; That then every fuch ftatute merchant and of the ftaple not fo entred (hall be void, fruftrate and of none effeft, agaioft all and every fuch perfon and perfons, and- bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, fucjpeffors, executors, adminiftrators and affigns only, as (hall after the knowledging of the laid ftatutes or any of them purchafe for money or other good confideration, the lands, tenements or hereditaments which were liable to the feme ftatute merchant or of the ftaple, or any part or parcel thereof, or any rent, leafe or profit of or out of the fame.

IX.	And if the faid clerk, or his deputy or deputies for the The forfei-time being, (hall not upon fuch (hewing and delivery unto himth* or them erf any ftatute merchant or of the ftaple, enter pr caufe Sringl^b/not to be entered the (ame in his faid hook within the (aid time endowing

of fix months, and alfo endorfe upon every fuch ftatute fo by ftatute, him entred, the day and year of his faid entry, with his or their own name; That then every fuch clerk failing or defective in that behalf, (hall forfeit and lofe for every ftatute merchant and of the ftaple fo brought unto him or them, and not entred and endorfed, or caufed to be entred and endorfed as aforefaid, the fum of twenty pounds; (2) the one moiety whereof to be to the Queen’s majefty, her neirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of the Qyeen’s courts of record, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efibin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That clerk of the no clerk of the faid recognizances (hall or may take, for or in recognizances refpeft of any (earch to be made for or concerning any ftatute fces to fearth, merchant or of the ftaple fo to be entred as aforefaid, above

two pence for one year’s fearch, and fo after the rate of two pence for every year and not above, (2) upon pain to forfeit and lofe to the party or parties grieved thereby, twenty times as much as he (hall take contrary to the true meaning of this aft,

A a 4	tQ

3&>

Aflbrance of lands defeated, and the

time of the ftatute.

The authority of the court of ftar-cham-ber.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeth*. c.5.	[<585.

to be recovered in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no protection or wager of law (hall be allowed. (3) this alt to continue for the fpace of ten years, and from thenceforth unto the end of the parliament then next following.

XI.	Provided always, That this ad, nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend or be conftrued to make good any pur-chafe, grant, leafe, charge or profit, of, in or out of any lands, tenements or hereditaments heretofore made void, defeated or undone, by reafon of any former conveyance, grant or afliirance, fo as the party or parties or their heirs or affigns, which have fo defeated or made void the fame, were in. adual pofieflion the firft day of this prefent parliament, of or in the (aid lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof or out of which any fuch purchafe, grant, leafe, charge or profit was made.

XII.	Provided that this ad, nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend in any fort to re&rain or impair the jurifdi&ion, power or authority of the court of ftar-chamber. Made per-pilualby 39 EL c. 10./ 32.

CAP. V.

An aft for furtherance of jufiice, in cafe of demurrer and

pleadings.

T70R4SMUCH as excefive charges and expenses, and great de~ +	16	” bt an^ hindrance of juftice bath grown in aftions and fusts be-

AftcTdemur- tween the fubjefts of'this realm, by reaftn that upon fome. fmall mif-rer joined and taking or wdnt of form in pleading*, judgments are often reverfedby entered, iudg- writs of error, ana oftentimes upon demurrers in law given otherwise *^an	^ter i^lnw and very right of the caufe doth require, where-

withftanding b the parties are conjlrained either utterly to hfe their right, or elfe any defed in after long time find great trouble and expenses, to renew again their processor fuits: (2) for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the Queen’s dSf 6b 91°^ excellent majefty* the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the in form (hall cpnrunons, in thb prelent parliament aflembled, and by the au-be amended thoritv of the fame, That from henceforth, after demurrer by the court, joined and eqtred in any adion or fuit in any court of record andwhatnot. within this realm, the judges (hall proceed and give judgment 80	according as the very right of tfie .caufe and matter in law (hall

> Anderf.168, appear unto them, without regarding any imperfedion, defed 17*.	or want of form in any writ, return, plaint, declaration or o-

The party de- ther pleading, procefs or courfe of proceeding whatfoever, ex-ftMownthe c^Pt onty which the party demurring mall fpedally and cauf^s. * particularly fet down and exprefs together with his demurrer;

1 Leap. 311.	(3) and that no judgment to be given (hall be reverfed by any

Hob; 23*. wrjt 0f error, for any fuch imperfedion, defed or want of form Moor 885 as aforefaid, except fuch only as is before excepted. t Roll. 11*. GoUb. 35. pi. ip. Savil 7S, 87. Cro El. *32,233, 588. Hob. 232. 10Co. 88. The court may	II. And be it further enaded. That after demurrers joined

amnict defed* arj entred, the court where the fame (hall be, (hall and may

i/l t'jim dtUr 4	•	•

1585.3 Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeths. c.(*.	361

by virtu%of this adt from time to time amend all and every fuch demurrer imperfections, defeCts and wants of form as is before mention- g°{!£ $ c l t cd, other than thofe only which the party demurring (hall fpe- , Mod. a8x. dally and particularly exprefs and fet down together with his demurrer as is aforeiaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Appeal, in* thority aforefaid, That this aCt, or any thing therein contained, <hihneivt and Avail not extend to any writ, declaration or fuit of appeal of fe-lony or murder, (2) nor td any indictment or prefentment of murder, felony, murder, treafon or other matter, nor to any procefs treafon. upon any of them, (3) nor to any writ, bill, aCtion or information upon any popular or penal ftatute; any thing aforefaid to the contrary notwithftanding. This aft extended tQ writs of man-damusj&c. by 9 Anna, c. 20./7.

CAP. VI.

-An aft for returning of fufficient jurors^ and for better expedition of trials.

FOR the returning of more able and more fufficient jurors for

. trials to be hereafter had between party and party, and for re~ ^ burned • formation of abufes tn Jheriffs and other minifters, who for reward how the IherlfF oftetitimes do fpare at home the moft able and fufficient freeholders, (ball be pu- , and return the poorer andfimpler fort, , leaft able to difcern the caufes niflie.d for in quejliony arid moji unable to bear the charges of appearance and at- S^mlmed6 tendances in fuch cafes ; (2) be it ordained ana enadted by autho- that is not, or rity of this prefent parliament. That in all cafes where anyju- for taking re-rors to be returned for trial of any iffue or iffues joined in any ward to {pare of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of King’s bench, common Q^olt pleas and the exchequer, or before juftices of alflfe, by thepain,er385#' laws of this realm now in force, ought to have eftate of free- 2 Roll. 131, hold in lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the clear yearly 3$7> 3?5; value of forty (hillings, that in every fuch cafe the jurors that (hall be returned from and after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, (hall every of them have eftate of freehold in lands, tenements or * hereditaments, to the clear yearly value of four pounds at the lead; (3) and that the writs of venirefaCl*8« facias, which from and after thd end of this prefent feflion of	1

parliament (hall be awarded and directed for the impanelling of difpend +1. juries in the cafes aforefaid, (hall be in this form, Regina, &e. of freehold. pracipimus, fsV. qhod venire facias coram, &V. duodecim liberos & '	55-

kgales homines de vicineto de B. quorum quilibet habeat quatuor /;- ^	*57*

bras terra, tenementorum vel redituum per annum ad minus, per * quos ret veritas melius feiri poterit, fcf qui necy &c. and fo forth, the refidue of the faid writ after the antient form; (4) and that upon every fuch writ and writs of venire faciasy the (heriff or other minifters unto whom the making of the panel Avail appertain, (hall not return in any fuch panel any perfon, unlefs he may difpend four pounds by the year at the leaft of freehold, out of antient demefne, within the county where the iffue is to f?e tried; (5) upon pain to forfeit for every perfon being returned

362 Anno vicefimo fcptimo Elizabeth.*. c.6.	tx5^5*

ed in any fuch panel) that cannot difpend four pounds freehold as is afbrcfaid, twenty (hillings.

Mbes returned II. And further be it ensued by the authority aforefaid, upon juror*.- That upon every firft writ of habeas corpora^ or diftnngas with a n'tfi prius, delivered of record to the (nerifl^ or other minifter or minifters to whom the making of the return (hall appertain, (hall from and after the twentieth day of May next entiling return in iflues upon every perfon impanelled and returned upon any (bch writ, at the lean ten (hillings; (2) and at the fecond writ of habeas torpara or dfflringas, with a niji prists upon every

Erfon impanelled and returned upon any fuch writ, twenty illings at the leaft; (3) and at the third writ of habeas torpara or diftringasy with niji prius, that (hall be further awarded upon every perfon impanelled and returned upon fuch writ, thirty (hillings: (4) and upon every writ that (hall be further awarded to try any fuch ifliies, to double the iflues . lad afore fpecified, until a full jury be fwom, or the procefe otherwife ceafed or determined; (5) .upon pain to forfeit for every return of iflues contrary to the form aforefaid, five pounds.

Uhecretoraed HI- And be it further ena&ed, That if any fherifF, under-opon a juror fherifF, bailiff or other minifler, froth and after the end of this m (umnoa- prefent feflion of parliament, do return any perfon or perfons to be fummoned to appear in any jury, wherein be (hall for default of his appearance l6fe or forfeit any iflfces, where in truth fuch perfoi; (hall not be lawfully fummoned; that then the fame (heriff, under-fheriff, bailiff or other minifter, by whofe default fuch perfon (hall be returned fummoned as afore-laid, (hall forfeit, lofe and pay unto the (aid perfon and perfons fo returned, double the value of the iflues by fuch juror or jurors loft of forfeited for his default of appearance.

Receiving re-	IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

ward for not That if any flieriff, under-fheriff, (heriffs deputy, fherifF or Uirornmg ' under-lherHrs clerk, or any bailiff of franchife, (hall at any *	’ time after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament receive,

take or have by himfelf, or by any other, any fum of money, reward or any other profit, diredtly or indiredtly, or do take any promife, make any agreement or aflent, to nave any fum of money, reward or other profit, diredfty or indiredtly, of any perfon or perfons, for the fparing, not warning, or not returning of any perfon to be fwom as a juror, for the trial of any iflue joined or to be joined in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts aforefaid, or before any juftices; that then every (heriff, under-(heriff, (heriffs deputy, (heriff or under-lheriff his clerk, or bailiff of liberty or franchife, fo' offending, to forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds; (2) the one moiety thereof, to our fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon and perfons as will fue for the fame in any court of record, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efloin, protedtion or wager of law (hall be allowed to the defendant.

V.	And

,	1585*}	AlWO	^LliZABETH^B. C.7.	363

s V. And further be it ordained and enadied by the authority Twohundre-aforefaid, That frpna ahcf. after , the end of this prefent/elfion of t parliament, at;or.ppop thetrial of jpy iffue joined, in,apy per-, fonaj action, no farther challengefar the hundred (hall be ad-	.

. mitted, if two fuflicient hundrcdqrs do appear at and upon the f trial of fuchifiuer '

,	; Vi. Provided neverthelefs, ^That.all -other challenges, prin- Other dud-. .

, dpal orfprother caufc,(hall beadfpittjed, allowed ^ukL tried in lenge*. .

fuch order and form, as if this a£t had never been had or made»-1 VII. Provided alio. That this 4$. not «{tepd to-any ju- jajie* return-, ties or iilues to bepetumpd jri any city or town.corporate, or ed in acorpo-, other town orplaqe privileged p>bqid plea, or in the twelve rate town or i lhires of Wales-y but that they fa?di and may be returned a^ *** heretofore they lawfully might have been; this aiSfcjar any thing , therein contained to the contrary ini apy wile notwithstanding.

{ iis-H- 8.r.6.	c.32,

, •.	'.•••- cap. m • • •

An aft for reformation of abujhs tn tolleftion of ijfues loft by

jurors.

WHEREAS there arewithin this realm of England, in fundry No juror than counties of the famey divers freeholders of one namti and often ^ J.etuf^yi, !	and fundry timsjme one or no of them been returned and impanelled ^ofta*

in juries fir frm f .matten. between party andparty (2)and if it dwelling-happen.any me df'tftmfo returnedto,.make defaulty or Me tjfues* when place,and i	the fame areeftreatej.to be Uviedy thebailijfor other celkblors thereof J®**

far Imre anA.gain, .do demand and require the Jdme of every one with-	*svw*».

in the fame county that is of that name-, Ifjanddo pcrfuade every per-fin that is dwelling, in that countyy andjo named-, that he is the party that hath left theft ijfuesy and compel huh to pay the fame by the dif-treft of his or their goods and chattel}, to their great moMalion and ■	trouble i (4) and yet neverthelefs many times do detain any beep all or

the more part of tie ijfues fo coU*3eay to their own ufet in contempt, of the Queen’s majejtys laws, and to the great grievance of her loving ■ Jubjeftsy and contrary to aU equity and gpod conscience:

1 II. For remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority of Thedwelling-this prelent parliament. That from and after forty days after the place of every end of this feifion of parliament, no (heriff, coroner or other per- Juror 1x5 fon to whom it Hull appertain to make return of anywrit, (hall rclurneJ\

! return any juror dwelling out of any liberty, without, the true ! addition of the place of his dwelljng or abode at the rime of the faid return, or within one year next before the making of any ( fuch return, or fome other addition, by which the party returned may be known; (2) nor any juror within any liberty, with other addition than fuch as (hall be. delivered to him by the bailiff of the faid liberty, or his deputy, certified under his or their' hand; (3) nor any bailiff of any liberty, nor any his or their deputy or deputies, (hall of himfelf return any juror, or deliver < to the (heriff, his under-fheriff, deputy or deputies, the names of any perfons to be returned upon any panel or jury, without the true addition certified under his or their hands to the (he-

'	•	riff.

In every ex tra&otifTu

r ex-Sues againft a juror, his addition (hall be put.

364 Anno vicefimo feptimO ElI^Abeth^e. d.8.	[	*	585.

riff, of the place of dwelling or abode of every perfon fo to be returned at the time of the faid return, or within one year next before the faid return, or fome other addition, by wnich the party returned may be known: (4) and that no extract of iflues againft any juror returned as aforefaid lhall be delivered out, received or put in ute, without fuch.addition as is put in the original panel or tales wherein fuchjuror (hall be fo returned:

(5)	and that no under-lheriff, bailiff or other officer or perfon whatfoever, (hall collelt, levy or gather any iflues fo eftreated, of any other perfon or perfohs, than of fuch perfon and periods as by virtue of the faid eftreat is of right charged or chargeable with the payment of the' faid iflues; (6) upon pain that every clerk that (hall write or deliver, or caufe or procure any fuch eftreat to be delivered out, received or put. in ure, and every o-ther perfon offending contrary to the intent and meaning of this alt, (hall forfeit to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccef-fors, five marks, and to the' party grieved, or which (hall fuf-tain any lofs thereby, the turn or five marks of lawful EngUJb money; (7) all which forfeitures and penalties lhall and may be recovered by altion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any court of record, wherein no effoin, proteition or wager of law (hall be allowed.

What officers III. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, have authori- That juftices oioyer and terminer within the limits of their com-nrtohear and miflion, juftices of aflize in their circuits, and juftices of peace, offenses aforet as we^ w^Wn liberties as without, within the limits 01 their ■faid.’	commiflion,	(hall by virtue of this prefent alt have full power

and authority to enquire, hear and determine all and every the offences aforefaid, committed or to be committed, within the feveral limits, circuit or precinlt of their feveral commiflion or commiflions, and to award forth procefs of execution for the levying of the faid forfeitures. (2) This alt tp endure to the end of the next parliament. Made perpetual by 39 Eliz. c. 18. / 32-

CAP. VIII.

An aft for redrefs of erroneous judgments in the court com-p ^	many	called	the	King’s bench.

FORASMUCH as erroneous judgments given in the court called the King's bench, are only to be reformed by the high court of parliament ; (2) which court of parliament is not in thefe days Jo often bolden as in antient time it hath beeny neither yet (in rejpeft of greater affairs of this realm) fuch erroneous judgments can be well confider-ed of and determined during the time of the parliament, whereby the able in fubjefls of this realm are greatly hindred and delayed of jujtice in Moor 694, fuch cafes:

pi. 96 v	II. Be it therefore enalted by the authority of this prefent par-

cro. El. 731. llament. That where any judgment (hall at any time hereafter be Cro Jac. 171, driven }n the faid court of the King’s bench in any fuit or altion of Cro. Car. 486,	detinue, covenant,account,altionuponthecafe* ejedfionefir-

300.	*	’	ftice}	or	trefpafs,	firft	commenced	or to be firft commenced there,

pther

Erroneous Judgments given in the King's bench by the common law are only reverf-

1585.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeth-®* c.9.	365

(other than fuch only where the Queen’s majefty (hall be party) Hob, 7*. the party plaintiff or defendant,againft whom any fuch judgment1	*64>

(hall be given, may at his eledtion fue forth out of the court of *' IJ4# chancery a fpecial writ of error to be devifed in the faid court of Before whom chancery, (2) directed to the chief juftice of the faid court of judgments gi« the King’s bench for the time being, commanding him to caufe vSin the faid record, and all things concerning the faid judgment, to King? bench be brought before the juftices of the common bench and the ba- may be exa-rons of the exchequer,^ into the exchequer-chamber, there to be mined, examined by the laid juftices of the common bench and barons aforefaid; (3) which laid juftices of the common bench and fuch barons of the exchequer as are of the coif, or fix of them at the leaft, by virtue of this prefent adt, (hall thereupon have full power and authority to examine all fuch errors as (hall be affign-ed or found in or upon any fuch judgment; (4) and thereupon to reverfe or affirm the faid judgment, as the law (hall require,

.other than for errors to be alfigned or found for or concerning the jurifdi&ion of the faid court of King’s bench, or for any want of form in any writ, .return, plaint, bill, declaration or other pleading, procefs, verdidt or proceeding whatfoever; (5) 4Mod. 127. and that after that the faid judgment (hall be affirmed or reversed, the faid record and all things concerning the fame (hall be , ' removed and brought back into the faid court of the King’s bench, that fuch further proceeding may be thereupon, as well for execution as otherwife, as (hall appertain.

III. And be it further enadted, That fuch reverfal or affirma- Erroneous tion of any fuch former judgment (hall not be fo final, but that judgment exa^ the party who findeth him grieved therewith, (hall and may fue SmentT ***" in the high court of parliament for the further and due exami~ nation of the faid judgment, in fuch fort as is now ufed upon erroneous judgments in the faid court of King’s bench* 14 Ed.J ,3. fiat. 1. cap. 5. 31 Eliz. cap. x.

CAP. IX.

An aft for reformation of errors in fines and recoveries in the twelve fbijres of Wales, and counties palatine, and for exemplification offines'and recoveries generally.

WHEREAS in the parliament by prorogation holden at Weft-minfter in the three and twentieth year of her Mqjdly’s reign that now is, one good and beneficial fiatute was made ana ordained for the appeafmg of fuils, the avoiding of falfe brattices, deceits, devices and mijdemeanors, and for helping of negligences and mifprifions of clerks and officers9 dangerous to affurances of mens lands and hereditaments, intituled. An adt for the reformation of errors in fines and recoveries: (2) foraftnuch' as the faid fiatute, dr fundry good and necejfary claufes and parts thereof doth not extend to fines and recoveries levied, had and fuffered in the twelve Jbires of Wales, that is to fay, Glamorgan, Brecknock, Radnor, Caermarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Mountgomery, Denbigh, Flint, Caer* narvon, Anglefcy and Merioneth, ike town ana county of Haver-ford-weft, and the counties palatine of Cbefter, Lancafter and

Du-

366 Anno vicefitrid feptlmo Elizabeth#. C9J [15S5.

lorolment of Durefm: £3) be it ena&ed By bur fovereign lady the Queen's fine* andreco- jyj0ft excellent majefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the the counties authority of the fame. That every writ of covenant, and other fabtriae. writ whereupon any fine heretofore hath been levied or hereafter ftiall be levied, the return thereof, the writ of dedimus potef-t&teni made fof the acknowledging of any of the fame fines, the return thereof, the concord, note and foot of every fuch fine, the proclamations made thereupon, and the King’s fitvCr, (4) and alfo every originSwrit of entry in the poji, or other writ whereupon any common recovery hath been fuffered, or hereafter lhall be fuffered or pafled, thewrits ofJummon.adwarrantizandum,thGYttum% of the faid originals and writs offummori. ad wa'rrantizandum and every warrant of attorney, had or to be had, as well of every demandant and tenant as vouchee, extant and remaining, orthatfhall be extant and in being, in the courts of ^ffizes or great feffions Within the faid twelve (hires of Wales, town and county of Ha± verford^weft, and counties palatines, or in the cuftody of the officers to whom the charge of keeping thereof doth appertain,

*	(5) may upon the requeft or election of any perfon or perfons

be inrofled in rolls of parchment by fufch perfons, and for fuch confiderations, as hereafter in this a6t (hall be mentioned: (6)

• and that the inrolments of the fame, or any part thereof, (hall be of as good force and validity in the law, to all intents, re-fpefts and purpofes, for fo much of any of them fo inrolled as the fame being expint and remaining were or ought by law to be.

For what er- II. Be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid, That no rors fines and proclamations upon fines, or common recovery heretofore reverfable.^ had, levied, fuffered or ‘ paflfed, or hereafter to be had, levied* faffered or paffed, m any of the faid twelve (hires of Wales, town and county of Haverford+wejl, or counties palatine, (hall be reverfed or feverfibfe by any writ of error for falfe or incongtue Latin, rafare, interlining, mif-entring of any warrant of attorney, or of any proclamation, nrif-tetusoing or not returning of the (heriff, or other want of form in words, and not in matter of fubftanee.

In what cafes, III. Provided always, That neither this aft, nor anything and what per- therein contained, (hall bar or exclude any perfon or perfons writs™? error6 ^rom anT writ °f error which (hall be had, taken or purfued to reverfe within five years next after the end of this feffion of this prefent-fines or reco- parliament, upon any fine or recovery heretofore had or fuffered veries. fti any of the courts aforefaid, nt>f from any writ of error which (hall be had, taken or purfued, upon any fine or recovery heretofore levied, acknowledged or had In any of the faid courts aforefaid, within any of the faid twelve (hires of Wales, or town and county of Haverford-wejl: (2) which fine or recovery, or any part or parcel thereof, now is, or at any time before the firft day of June, which fhall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand five hundred eighty-five, (nail be exemplified under the judicial Teal of the faid courts, at or by the fuit of any ; -	perfon

%

1585*3 Anno viccfim© feptimo Elizabeth#* €.£.	367

pprfon that is or may be intituled to hare or Cue arty writ of cr-» ror upon any the fame fine? or recoveries fo heretofore pafied ;

, nor from any writ of error which (hall be had, taken or purfu-ed upon any fine or recovery heretofore levied, acknowledged or had in any of the courts aforefaid, within any of the bid counties palatine; (3) which fine or recovery, or any part or parcel thereof, now is, or at any time before the faia firft day of ywtey which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thou? farid five hundred eighty-five, (hall be exemplified under the foal of the fame county palatine where the lame fine or recovery (hall be fo levied, knowledged or had, at or by the fuit of any perfbn that is or may he intitled to have or fue any writ of error upon the fame fine or recovery fo heretofore palled; (4) nor to bar any feme covert, or any perfon within the age of one and twenty years, or any perfon that is non compos mentis, in prifon, or beyond the feas, or of or from any writ of error to be had or profecuted for the reverfing erf any fine or recovery heretofore palled, levied or fuffered in any of the (aid twelve (hires of Wales, town and county of Haverford~weftl or counties palatine: ('5) fo. that fuch feme covert or her heirs, within feven years next after that (he become foie, and fuch perfon within the age of one and twenty years, or his heirs within (even years next after he (hall come and be of full age of one and twenty years, and fuch perfon that is non compos mentis, within (even years next after he (hall become of fame memor'ue, and in default thereof the heirs of fuch perfon that is non compos mentis, within feven years next after the death of any fiich perfon being non compos mentis, and fuch perfon in prifon, or his heirs within (even years next after the lame perfon (hall be at liberty, and fuch perfon beyond the feas or his heirs, within feven years next after the return of fuch perfon into this realm of England, or the death of the faid perfon, if he (hall before his return die in any foreign country, (hall fue, take and profecute their writs of er? ror, as their caufes (hall feveraliy require, for reverfing of any of the bid fines or recoveries heretofore paged, levied or flittered.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the an- A remedy for thority aforefaid. That if any perfon orptrfons (hall within the *{* kp** *hcre rime and years aforefaid commence or, fue his or their writs of dieth^ndina error for the reverfing of any the bid fines or recoveries hereto-? tbefuC * fore palled, which fuit (hall fortune to abate by the death of any

of the parties to the fame; that then it (hall and may be lawful for his and their heirs, at any time within one year next after the faid feven years expired, to have, fue, and take their, writ ©f error for the reverfing of every fuch fine and recovery? (a) and if fuch heir be an infant within the age of one and twenty years, then within one year next.after the full,age of fuch, infant; any thing in this prelent a& contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority of this The day and prtfcnt parliament. That' every perfon that Si>f4 ?t Any

time hereafter take the knowledge of any fine or warrant 6

of

368 Ann6 vicefimo (eptimo Elizabeths. c.g.	[ i£85.

a fine or	of attorney of any tenant or vouchee, for fuffering any common (

sttoniey for recovcry t0 be levied, knowledged, palled or had, within any a recovery (hall °f the faid twelve (hires of Wales, town and county of Haver-be certified, ford-weji or counties palatine, or (hall certify them or any of them, (hall with the certificate of the concord or warrant of attorney certify alfo the day and year wherein the fame was acknowledged: (2) and that no perfon that taketh any fuch knowledge of any fuch fine or warrant for any recovery (hall be bound, or by any means inforced to certify any fuch knowledge or warrant, except it be within one year next after the faid knowledge taken.

VI.	And that no clerk or officer in atw of the laid twelve lhires of Wales, town and county of Haverford-wejl or counties palatine, (hall receive any writ or covenant, or writ of entry, or any other writ whereupon any fine or common recovery is hereafter to pafs, unlefs the day of the knowledge of the fame fine and warrant (hall appear m or by fuch certificate; upon pain that every clerk that (hall receive any fuch writ, (hall forfeit for every time that he (hall fo offend the fum of forty (hillings: (2) Attornment. And that no attornment in or upon any fuch fine in any of the courts aforefaid be entred upon record, except the party mentioned to attorn therein, firft have appeared in the court in perfon, or by attorney warranted by the hands of one of the jufti-ces of the fame court, upon a writ of quid juris damat, quem red-ditum redd. or per qua ftruitia, as the cauie requireth: (3) and that every entry of attornment hereafter to be made in any of the courts aforefaid, wherein there (hall be no appearance as * aforefaid, (hall be utterly void and of none effect, without any writ of error or other means to be ufed for avoiding thereof.

The-office of ’ VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Enrolments, That there (hall be for ever an office for the inrolments aforefaid in every of the faid twelve (hires of Wales, town and county of Haverford-iveji and counties palatine, which (hall be and continue an office for ever, called the office of the inrolments of fines and recoveries; and that the juftices of the faid twelve (hires of Wales, town and county of Haverferd-wejl and coun-' ties palatine for the time being, that is to wit, every of them * within the limits and predn&s of their feveral authorities and . commiffions, (hall have and take the care and* charge of and for the inrolments aforefaid, and (hall have and enjoy the (aid office and the difpofition thereof, and carefully fee and look to the execution thereof; (2) and in confideration of their charges, pain and travel therein, (hall have and take the fums of money hereafter following, and no more, that is to fay, for the inrolment and examination of every fine and the parts thereof, five fhill-Fees for inrol- ings; (3) and for the inrolment and examination of every rc-ments and ex- cpvery and the parts thereof, five (hillings; (4) and for every emplifications exemplification of the inrolment of every fine and the parts recoveries. thereof, three (hillings four-pence; (5) and for every exempli- ;

fication of the inrolment of every recovery and the parts, there-' • * .... '

2585O Anno vicelimo feptimo EUzabetele. c.g..	369

of, three (hillings four-pence; (6),and for the featefr of the rolls for 6ne year, four-pence; (7) and for the copy, of one (heetof paper, containing fourteen lines, four-pence: (8) and that the juftices of the faid courts of affixes or great feffions for the time being within the (aid twelve (hires of Wafa, town and county of Havirford-wejl, and counties palatine, or any one of them, within the feveral limits and precin&s of their faid feveral commiffioiis, (hall examine the inrolment of every fuch fine • and recovery and. of the parts thereof; and after fuch-examination of the inrolment of every fuch fine and recovery and of the parts thereof, (hall immediately write his name that fo exami-neth, with his own hand in the roll thereof, upon pain that the faid juftices (hall forfeit to our fovereign lady the Queen’s ma* jefty, the fum of forty (hillings for every time that they of one of them, (hall make default of mch examination: or writing of his or their name as is aforefaid; (9) and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices or any of them for the time being, to take order in all things that (hall be convenient and needful for the inrolments aforefaid; ('To) and upon examination in the Afleffing of faid courts, to afiefs fuch fine or amerciament upon any clerk,for (heriff, deputy, attorney or any other perfon for his and their femp^or nee-mifprifion, contempt and negligence, for not doing or mif-do- ligence. ing in any thing, of, in or concerning the faid fines or recoveries, or any part of them or either of them, as by the faid jufti-ccs for the time being or any one of them (hall bethought meet and convenient: (z 1) the faid fine and amerciament to be eftreat-ed amongft other fines and amerciaments of that court where fuch offence or mifprifion (hall be committed.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, The exempli-That the exemplification of any fuch inrolment of any fine or Nation ot as recovery, or of any part thereof, within any of the faid twelve fhe oriehiaT* (hires of Waki or the faid town and county of Haverfori-wejl; record; under the judicial feal of the faid (hire, town or county, where

fuch fine or recovery was levied, had or pafled, (2) and the ex- 4 emplification of any fuch inrolment of any fine Or recovery, or ^ of any part thereof within any of the faid counties palatine, under the feal. of that county palatine where fuch fine or recovery was levied, had or pafibd, (3) (hall be of as good force and validity in the law, to all intents, refpefts and purpofes*for fuch part and fo much of any of them as (hall be fo exemplified, as the very original record it fel£ being extant and remaining,' were or ought by law to be. .

IX.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a* Records (ha!!

forefaid. That it (hall be lawful for the juftices clerks^ autho-	■

rifed by their warrant in the faid feveral offices and places whereQ^ce°

the fame records or any of them do or (hall remain, to write out or inrol the fame records and every part thereof, (2} and that the faid records nor any of them, for the writing out or making the rolls thereof by the clerks of the faid juftices, (hall be brought or carried forth of the (aid offices or places.

Vox. VI.	B	b	X.	Arid

370 Anno vicefimo fepdmo Elizabeth^. cad. [158^,

NofineS'r^cl“ X. And be it further ensured by the authority aforefai^j That none of the faid fines or recoveries aforefaid, heretofore1 exemplifica- fcvied, pafied or fuffered, which (hall be exemplified under an; tion.r judicial feal of any of the faid "(hires of Wales* or town or county of Haver ford-weft* or under the feal of any of the faid counties palatine,, according to the form of this aft, (hall after fuch exemplifications had, be in any wife amended*

The heirs of XI. Provided always. That this aft, or any thing therein coats^nc^* (hall not in any wife extend to the prejudice of the HeAarM^r-	Sir Edward Grey, knight, lord Powys deceafed, or of

non. * Sir Edward Herbert* knight, or his heirs of affigns, Henry Vernon or John Vernon, efquires, or their heirs or affigns, for or concerning any fine levied* or recovery fuffered, by or againft the faid lord Powys* of any baronies, honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments in the county of Montgomery, or any exemplification thereof, or for or concerning any writ of error, brought or to be brought for the reverting of any fuch fine or recovery; but that they and every of them (hall have and enjoy the fame right, title, benefit and advantage to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had never been had or made.

XII.	Andforafmuch as upon great examination it appeareth* Tbci divers fines and recoveries have been heretofore levied and fuffered of divers caftles* manors* meftuages, lands* tenements and hereditaments, The earl of	which fometime were the inheritance of George fometime eariof Ktnt,

Rent his title, great grandfather to Henry, now earl of. Kent, in ufe* pojfiffm, reverfion or remainder * whereunto the faid now earl of Kent pretended title* in ufe* pojfejfion* reverfion or remainder, which* if they it erroneous as is pretended* do much vary from the general cauje and mf-chief for which this ftatute meaneth to provide: be it therefore e-nafted by the authority aforefaid. That neither this ftatute, nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend to take away any writ of error whereunto any perfon or perfons is now, or hereafter | (hall be, lawfully intitled to have, for the reverting of the (aid fines and recoveries or any of them, heretofore levied or fuffered of any of the faid caftles, manors, meffiiages, lands, tenements or hereditaments which late were any part or parcel of the inheritance of the faid George* fometime earl of Kent* in ufe, pofleflion, reverfion or remainder; any thing in this ftatute contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwlthftanding. 23 Eliz. c. 3.

CAP. X.

An aft for the continuance of a former ftatute, intituled* An aft to redrefs diforders in common informers upon pend laws* made in the eighteenth year of the Queen's m-jefty's reign.

The ftatute of TX7HERE in the parliament holdenat Weftminfter the eighth 18 Eliz. c. 5. y V day of February in the eighteenth year of the reign of our trJ. touching in- gracious fovereign lady Queen Elisabeth, there was amongjl others 'SSilnafimd' * intituled* An aft to redrefs diforders in common in-1 *	*	formers

1 £85.} Anno vicefimo feptifto Elizabeth#, c. i 1*12.	371

formers upon penal laws, which aft is to continue in force and ef- *»ade perpe-feft but unto the end of this feffionof this prefent parliament \ foraf *“•' , much as the feud aft is found cy experience fence the making of the fame aft to be very necqfjary? beneficial and expedient for the common* wealth:	^

II. Be it therefore enafted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That the fame aft above remembred, ahd all and every the branches, daufes and provifions in the fame contained, (hall remain, continue and be from henceforth in full force and effeft for ever.

tAP. XI.

Certain ftatutes* *vi&. xi&» made in the reigns of King ti*n. 8. King Mdnv* 6. and Queen Eliz. revived, and made to continue until the end of the next parliament. EXP. A repeal of lo much of the ftatute of 5 EUz* c, 5. as concerneth the eatmg of fifh, ana reftraineth the eating of fiefh^ upon the Wednefday. Sea-nlh may be fold any day in the week faving Sunday. Victuallers (hall utter no flefh in L*nt% nor upon Fridays or Sa~ ptrdays. All manner of pins may be brought into this realm. EXP. 35 Eliz. c. 7. 39 EUz, c. iS. Co. Entr. 3yi.

CAP. XIL

An aft for fmaring of utid&-Jherliffs and other unSer-efficcri and miniftersi

FORASMUCH as grievous complaints are .many times made of tfnder-fhe-the mifdemeamr anaevil behaviour of under ffieriffs^ who often- riffi, bailiffs of times having to them committed by the high-Jheriff the whole or pari liberties, (he-of the exercifing and executing of the office of the high-jherifi\ and not taking any corporal oath as the bigb-Jherijf doth? for the executing and	b/twice

difibarging of the fame office? do therefore daily ntofi injurioufiy? through fwora. corruption and affeftion? impanel jurors for the Queen's majejly, and Complaints of betwixt party and party? to the great lofs? damage and hindrance ofl*f divers her Majejly's lovingfuhjefts of this realm:	unX^fteriffs.

II. For reformation whereof, be it enacted by the authority % Roll 174.. of this parliament. That all and every perfon and perfons, that from and after the laft day of the feflion or this prefent pariia- . ment, (hall be admitted to or take upon him the executing of the office of an under-lheriff in any (hire or county within this realm of England? before he intermeddle with the ufe or exer-cife of the faid office, (hall receive and take a corporal bath upon the holy evangelifts, before the juftices of affife or one of them of the fame circuit wherein that county is whereof he lhall be under-lheriff, or before the cuflos rotulorum? or two juftices of the peace whereof one to be of the quorum, of the laid coun* ty whereof he (hall be under-lheriff as aforefaid, (2} for and con- * c* *• cerning the fupremacy, in fuch manner and form as that oath ^premaev is expreffed and declared in one aft of parliament made and or- p dained irt the firft year of the reign of our faid fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, (3) together with which oath he (nail in like fort, before the fame perfon or perfons, receive and take another corporal oath as followeth, (that is to fay) I A. B, (hall J^eundcr-not ufe or exercife the office of under-lheriff corruptly during f^h^gtbe

B b 2	the	*

372 Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeth^. C.12.	£ 1585.

impanellingof the time that I (hall remain therein, neither fhafl or will accept,! pines, receive or take, by any colour, means or device whatfoever, or confent to the taking of any manner of fee or reward'of any per-fon or perfons for the impanelling or returning of any inqueft, jury or tales, in any court of record, for the Queen, or betwixt party and party, above two (hillings of the value, thereof, or fuch fees as are allowed and appointed for the fame by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, but will according tb my power, truly and indifferently, with convenient fpeed, impanel all jurors, anci return all fuch writ or writs touching the fame as fhali appertain to be done by my duty or office, during the time that I (hall remain in the faid office. So help me God. (4) And likewife be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be a fufficient warrant to the perfons appointed by this aft to mi- , nifter the oath aforefaid, for the miniftring thereof accordingly. The under- III. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Tnat (henffehofen evbry under-fheriff that is already chofen and appointed for the the ftatute °* executing of the faid office of under-fheriff for the year or time making. begun, of or upon the laft change of fheriffs, (hall within forty days next enfuing the feffion of this pfefent parliament receive and take the oaths mentioned in this aft, before fuch perfon or perfons, as by this aft is or are limited and appointed tb mini-iter the Tame.

Bailiffs of IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,. That franchises, every bailiff df franchifes, deputy and clerk of every fheriff and fcer^s;cIefks under-ffieriff, and every other perfon and perfons, which after fhalit^etbe ^orty days a^er dfo en^ °f this feffion of parliament (hall have aforefudoath. authority, or take upon him to impanel or return any inqueft, jury or tales, or to intermeddle toith* execution of procefs in any court of record, (hall before he or they intermeddle with any further execution thereof, receive arid take the oaths aforefaia corporally, before the perfon or perfons appointed by this aft to *1 ‘ininifter the fame, 'or before the head officer of the place, if it be a town corporate, changing only the words (the office of the under-fheriff) contained in the oath expreffed in this aft, to fuch words as are convenient for the deputation, office or place, m which the party which taketh the oath is to be exer-cifed in: (2) arid if any the faid perfons limited to take the oath aforefaid, do take upon him to impanel or return any inqueft, jury or tales, or to intermeddle w;ith the execution of prdeefs, not having before taken the oaths aforefaid; that then every fuch perfon (hall lofe and forfeit the Turn of forty pounds of current Englijb money, the one moiety to be to the ufe of our fovereign lady the Queen, the other moiety to him or them ' that will fue for the fame.

The forfeiture* V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That of the often- if any under-fheriff, or other perfon mentioned in this aft, or ders, and how any 0f them, at any time and times, from and after forty days covered C next	^ day this prefent feffion of parliament,

* fhali do or commit any aft or afts contrary to the oaths afore-. faid; of either of them, or contrary to the true intent and mean-* '	ing

373

1585.3 Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeths* c. 13*

it\g of this that then every fiich perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and Me ifor every fuch offence to the party or parties grieved^ his or their treble damages: (2) all which fevend for-feituftes before-auctioned (hall or may) by the authority of this pretent a<ft, be recovered, had and levied by adion of debt, bill, jpkunt or iirformatfon* m any of the Queens majefty’s courts of record > in which ja&ionS) niifes, plaints or informations, no wager of law, efibm,or protcdipn (hall be allowed.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thatwhat officer* the juftices erf affine,, and juftices of peace in their open feflions, ihall have full power within thekmits of theft authority, to hear offences afore, .and determine the defaults done contrary to this ad, as well by faid. preferment and mfarmation . as indidment; (2) and upon con-vidUorx of the offenders, to award execution for the levying of the forfeitures tfotc{&,byfierifaci&,orby2ttAchmenx,capias or exigent.

G AP XIII.

An aft for the fallowing of hue and cry.

WHEREAS by two a«tientfiatutes, the one made in the parliq- Hue and cry, menu bolden at Winchefter in the thirteenth year of the reign how and by of King Edward the firfi, and the other in the eight and twentieth yeqr whom tote of the reign ef king Edward the third, it was for the better repreff- ^„alty for tag of robberies and (domes (amongft ether things) enabled to thisef - default there-feft, that if the country do not anjwer for the bodies of fuch maltfac- of, &c tors, that then the, pain Jhould be fuch, that ts to wit, that the people n dwelling in the country jhaU be anfwerable for the robberies done, and the damages*, {2) Jo ; that. the whole hundred where the robbery Jhqll% be. do*** with the frmebifis wbkb are within the precin ft of the fame hundred, JhaU atfwtr the robberies doney (3) and if the robbery The effe&of chance to be done, tn the djvifioa of two hundreds, that then both the thofe ftatute* hundreds together, with the franchifes within the precinft of them, fwerine^OT* Jbgti bt anfwerdkle* as in the faid two. fiveral fiatutes it doth more robbery. ; attargeappear:

II. Forafmuch as the faid parts of the findfederalfiatutes b*ingef$tv*r^5ncon’ late days more commonly put in execution, than heretofore (hey have been, are found by experience to be very hard and extreme.te many forefaid ffa-of the Queen's majefiy's good fubjefts, becaufi by the fam fiatutes tutes, touch-they do remain charged with the penalties therein contained, notw.ith- m& hue ^ fianding their inability to fatisfy the fame, and though they do as-much crf# as in reofon might be required in purfuing fuch malefactors and, offenders* (2) whereby both large fcope of negligence is given to the inhabitants and reftants in other hundreds of id counties, not toprofecute the - hue and cry made, followed, and brought unto them, by iteafon- they are not chargeable for any portion of the goods robbed, nor with any damages in that behalf given, (3) and alfo great encouragement and emboldening is likewife given unto the offenders, to commit daily more felonies arui robberies, as feeing it in manner impojfible for the inhabitants and refianls of use faid hundred and franchifes wherein the robbery is committed, to apprehend them without the aid of the other hundreds and counties adjoining $ (4) and for that alfo the party robbed having remedy by the aforefaid fiatutes for the recovering of bis

B b 3

1.

C. I&ft.

3.c.ii.

Hob. *46. Tto inhabitants of the hundred where frefli fuit thall not

The moiety fhall be recovered by the clerk of the

Anno vieefimo feptimo Elizabeth.®. C.13.	£ 1585.

goods robbed and damages againft the inhabitants and refiants of tb[ hundreds wherein the robbery was committed, is many times negliges and carelefs inprofecuting andpurfuingthe/aid malefactors and offenders : (5) our fovereijm lady the Queen's majefty, not willing therefore that her people (hould be impoverilhed by any fuch

Erin or penalty which (hould be hard or grievous to them, and aviftg (pedal* regard to abate the power of felons, and to re-prefs felonies, (6) doth for remedy hereof, with the confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this prpfent parliament allembled, and by the authority: of die fame parliament, eftablifli and enadt, That the inhabitants and refi-ants of every or any fuch hundred, (with the franchifes within the precindt thereof) wherein negligence, fault or defedt of pur-fuit and frefti fuit, after hue and cry made, (hall happen to be, < from and after forty days next after the end of this prefent fef-fion of parliament,’ (hall anfwer and fatisfy the one moiety or be made, (hall half of all and every fych fum and films or money and damages, damages.	a$ fhall by force or virtue of the faid ftatutes or either of them

• ‘	be recovered or had againft or of the faid hundred, with the

franchifes therein, in which any rubbery or felony (hall at any time hereafter be committed or done : (7) and that the fame moiety (hall and may be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the Queen's majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, by ana in the name of the clerk of the peace for the time wing, of or in every fuch county within this realm, where any fuch robbery and recovery by the party or parties robbed (hall be, without naming the chriftian name of fumame of the faid clerk of the peace \ (8) which moiety fo recovered (hall be to the only ufe And behoof of the inhabitants of the faid hundred where apy fuch robbery or felony (hall be committed or done.

III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefvd, * cue cier* or ThaJ jf any clerk of the peace, of or in any county within this the peace (hall realm, (hail at any time hereafter commence or prefer any fuch jiot ceafc the fuit, action or information, and (hall after the fame fo fued, to.	commenced or preferred, happen to die or to be removed out of

his office, before recovery and execution had ; That yet no fueh adtion, fuit, bill, plaint or information, fued, commenced or preferried, (hall by fuch difplacing or death be abated, difeontir nued or ended$ (2) but that it mall and may be lawful to and for the clerk of the peace next fiicQeeding in the faid county, to profecute, purfue and follow all and every fuch adtion, bill, plaint, fuit and inforaiatioji, for the caufes aforefaid, fo hanging and depending, in fuch manner and form, and to all intents and purpofes, as that clerk of the peace might have done which firft commenced or preferred the faid fuit, bill, plaint or information.

IV.	And, although the whole hundred, wherg fuch robberies and felonies are committed, with the liberties within the precindt thereof are by the faid two former ftatutes charged with the anfwering to the party robbed his damages; yet neverthelefs the recovery and. execution

b

The death or

removing of .the clerk of

375

9 585*3 Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabethjr. c. i

by and fir the party * or parties robbed, is had againft one or a very few perfons of the (aid inhabitants, and he and they Jo charged, have not heretofore by taw had any mean or way to have any contribution of or from the ref due of the faid hundred where the faid robbery is commuted, to the great impoverijbment of them againft whom fuch recovery or execution is had :

V.	For remedy whereof, be it enaCted by the authority afore- A remedy for faid. That after execution of damages by the party or parties fo

robbed had, it (hall and may be lawful (upon complaint made ^ an(j execu_ by the party or parties fo charged) to and for two juftices of turn is had, to the peace (whereof one to be of the quorum) of the fame coun- hare contri-ty, inhabiting within the faid hundred, or near unto the fame, butlon* where any fuch execution (hall be had, to affefs and tax ratea- The taxation bly and proportionably, according to their diferetions, all and of the towns every the towns, parifhes, villages and hamlets, as well of the by the juftices* faid hundred where any fuch robbery (hall be committed, as of the liberties within the (aid hundred, to and towards an equal contribution to be had and made for the relief of the faid inhabitant or inhabitants, againft whom the party or parties robbed before that time had his or their execution; (2) and that after fuch taxation made, the conftables, conftable, headboroughs or headborough of every fuch town, pari(h, village and hamlet,

(hall by virtue of this prefent a<5t have full power and authority within their feveral limits, rateably and proportionably to tax the taxation and aflefs according to their abilities, every Inhabitant and °f the inhabi* dweller in every fuch town, parifh, village, and hamlet, for and J^atJes.* towards the payment of fuch taxation and affeffment, as (hall be fo made upon every fuch town, parifti, village and hamlet as aforefaid, by the faid juftices : (3) and that if any inhabitant of any fuch town, parifti, village or hamlet, (hall obftinate-ly refufe and deny to pay the faid taxation and affeffment, fo by toe faid conftables, conftable, headboroughs or headborougn taxed and affefled, That then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid conftables and* headboroughs, and every of them within their feveral limits and iuriidi&ions, to diftrain all and every perfon and perfons fo refilling and denying, by his and their goods and chattels; (4) and the fame dulrefs to fell, and Diftrainfng, the money thereof coming to retain to the ufe aforefaid; (5) and faleof di-and if the goods of chattels fo diftrained and fold (hall be of fouit of pay-more value than the faid taxation (hall come unto, that then menu P ' ~ the refidue of the faid money, oyer and above the faid taxation, (hall be delivered unto the (aid perfon or perfons fo diftrained.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the faid The con,

conftables and headboroughs, after that they have within their (tables (hall feveral limits and juriftliCtions levied and collected their faid delivcr tbe rates and fums of money fo taxed, (hall within ten days after	ths

fuch collection, pay and deliver the fame over unto the faid juftices. juftices of peace or one of them, to the ufe and behoof of the

faid inhabitant or inhabitants for whom fuch rate, taxation and ^(Jeffinent ftiall be bad or made as aforefaid; (a) which money

£*>4	fo

Levying of the contribution in the hundred where default of purfqit Shall U.

No penalty where ajiy of the offenders he apprehended.

March 10,11. x Sid. it.

The fuit (hall be commenced within one year after the. robbery.

In what Sort hue and cry, and purfuit of felons (hall be made.

Dyer 370.

The party robbed (hall give notice thereof to the inhabitants of fome town,&c. 3 Mod. 387.

The party robbed examined before a juftice whether lie knew

Ann? vtcefim® feptipio.ELi?A8$T^#. c.?£. [1585.

fo paid (ball by the jqftiqes or juftice fo reqeiviiM; the fame, be r delivered over (upon requeft qiade) unto the faid inhabitant or inhabitants tq whofe ufe the fame was colkfted..

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, That the like taxation, afleflment, levying by diftrefs and payment as aforefaid, (hall be had and done within every hundred where defeat or negligence qf pxp'fuit aqd fte(h fuit (hall be, for and to the benefit of all and every inhabitant and inhabitants of the Tape hundred wh?re fuch default (hall be, that (hall at any tipe hereafter by vjrtue of this prefent aft have any damages or tmppey levied Q? them* for or to the payment qf the one moiety or. half of the money recovered, againft the. fa&4 hundred where any robbery (hall be hereafter eppirntted.

VIII.	Provided aifa, and fc>® it fur$h$r ena&^d by the autho-

rity aforefaid, That where any robbery is or (hall W hereafter committed by twq or a greater number of male&ftors, and that it happen any one of the faid offenders to be apprehended by purfuirto be made according to the faid forraer motioned laws and ftatutes, pr accordingto .ftu^prefent aft > That then and in fuch cafe, no hundred or franchise (hall in aqy,wife incur or (all into the penalty, lofs or .forfeiture mentionpd^thi^rin this prefent aft pr iiv any the faid forrper ftatutes, although the refidue of the faid m&lefaftors. (hall happen to efcape, apd ppt to be apprehended ; any thing in this ftatute, or	former fta-

tutes to the contrary, npt\vithfta$diag,

IX*. Provided alfo, That no perfon or perfons hereafter robbed (hall take ^ny benefit by virtue of any the laid former ftatutes to charge any hundred .where any fuch robbery (hail be committed, except he or they fo robbed (hall commence bis or their fuit or aftion witbifo we y.eai^mext after fuch.robbery fo to bo committed.. . . '	: 1	'

X,	And he it:further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no hue and cryi or purfuit hereafter to be done or made by the country, or inhabitants, of any hundred, (hall be allowed and taken to be a lawful hue and cry or purfuit upon or after any the faid felons or offenders,, except the fame huq and cry or purfuit be done and made by horfemen and footmen; any ufage or cuftonj to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	. And be it further alfo enafted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That no perfon or perfons that (hall hereafter .happen to be robbed (hall have or maintain, any aftion, or take any benefit by virtue of the faid two mentioned ftatutes or either of them, except the fame perfon and perfons fo robbed (hall with as much convenient fpeed as. may be, give notice and intelligence of the faid felony or robbery fo committed unto fome of the inhabitants of fome town, village or hamlet near unto the place where any fuch robbery (hall he committed; (t) nor (hall bring or have any aftiop upon and by virtue of any. the ftatutes aforefaid, except he or they (hall firft within twenty days next before fuch aftion to be brought be examined upon his or their corporal oath^to be taken before fome onejuftice of

'	the

i *585.] Annp viceGtno fcptimo Euzajet#.®,€,14,15. 377 « the peace of the county where the robbery was committed, in- any of the of-

fi. habiting within the (aid hundred where the robbery was com- Entr 1* mitted, or near unto the fame, whether he or they do know the R^. ^£34 i partis that committed the faid robbery, or any of them: (3) Cro.El. 14*. s* and if upon fuch examination it be confeffed that he or they ao Clif. Ent. 37S. u know the parties that committed the faid robbery, or any of Seef*irtber &-i' them. That then he or they fo confeffing (hall before the faid ^eo*a!c*i6. ^ action be commenced or brought,• enter into fufficient bond by i recognisance before the faid juftice before whom the (aid exa-i mination is had, .effectually to profecute the fame perfon and.

1 perfbns fix known to have committed the faid robbery, by in-5 diftment,. or otherwife, according to the due courfeof the laws of this realm.

5 ’	CAP. XIV. - - ■*[	,	’	\

: An fir reviving qf a firmer ftatutt mode fir fie, true \ s	.	jnaking wait.

1 "ITf/HERE ASwr/ir parliament holden at Weftminfter, upon ■	x

1 VV' prorogation the fourth dayyof November in the fecond year

*	eft he reign of the late King of moj famous memory King Edward the

1 Sixths rmftdear brother to ourfiveretgn lady the ^ueetfsmejejiy that’	.	rj

now is, there was among/? other things me good, and'neetffary aft of 1 1 , parliament made and eftabfijhed, tnthuledx Ah aft for thi true mak-'

1 ihg of mak 5 {%) which faid flatute was' after difedhtinuei, and fi 2 & jRd. 6. rejtetkand remaineth as yet, albeit m truth, during the continuance c. 10.

*	thereof, the fame did much good tp the eommomvealth^ and Jo would 5 it dofiillif the Jam fright be revived and fond In force as heretofore

*	it hath done 1 -	  '	. N *

II.	In confideration whereof, may it pleafe her Highnefs, a reviver of with the' eonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the the ftatate commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by tlie * & s authority of the fame, that it may be enafted, That the faid f^^bemak-former aft and ftatute abovementioned, and every brinch, ar- jng0f mait/ i tide and provifo therein contained* (hall ba revived, and from

*	henceforth continue, ftand arid endure in force and ftrength ; to all intents, conftruftions and purpofes, and flialh be obferv*

ed and kept in all things, according to the tenor, effect and true meaning of the fame. (2) This aft to continue for the time of three years now next following after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, and after tne end of the feid three years, then to the end of the parliament then next after following.

3 Car. 1. c. 4. continued until the end of the firft fejfitn of the next \ parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. r. 4.

CAP. XV.’

It (hall be lawful to any of the Queen's fubje&s to bring into this realm from the parts beyond the fea, in Englifli (hips or crayers, being failed % f by Englifh mariners with crofs fails, herring, ftaple-mh and Jing-fi(ht‘ i	for ferviag of the north parts, paying the Queen’s cuftom and fubiidy

1	for the fame; fo as none of the faid fuh be (hipped from any of thole*

north parts into any place of England,, fouth or umtb - weft from Boftont any ftatute or provifo notwithilandiag, Sec, But this (hall not be preju-

dicial

378 Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeth's. 0.16,17. CI5^5*

dicial to the town or burgeffe* of Berwick. EXP. ij Eliz. c. n. &ij ( Eliz. c.7.

CAP. XVI.

It fliall not be lawful to any perfon (faving a tanner, his executors, admi-niflrators or legatories, or to them to wnom tanned leather (hall be forfeited) to fell or put away any tanned leather un wrought, not converted into made wares, in defrauding the true meaning of the ftatute of 5 Eliz.

Cl S. £XPa

CAP. XVII.

An aft touching the breadth of white •uboolen clothes made within the counties of Wilts, Glouceftcr, Somerfet and Oxon, See.

®fwhat TTT'HEREAS in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the

a ’ * fifth and fixth years °f the reign of our late fovereign lord t wd^t whites Xing Edward the Sixth, one ftatute was made, intituled, An ad made in the for the true making of woolen cloth, whereby (among other things) countie* of it was enabled, That all whites and reds, which after the feaft jf Gloocdter, gt. Michael the archangel then next coming Jheuli be inode in toe or c™ntf e/’ Wjlts, Gloucefter aW Somerfet, or any of el fe where, them, or elfewhere of like makings and all other whites which jhould ihall be, be made in any other parts of this realm ^England, and not before $ & 6 Ed* 6. fa the fame ftatute remembred, Jhould contain in lengthy being thorough c* 69	wet, between fix and eight and twenty yards, and jhould be Jeven

. ,	.	quarters of the yard in breadth within the lifts, at the leaf, analifted

' according to the ancient cuftom; and being wellfcoured, thicked, milled and fully dried, Jhould weigh every piece fixty~four pounds being white, and fiixty pounds being coloured, at the leqft, as by the find aft± among divers claufes, articles and proviftons contained in the fame, more , plainly is exprejfed:	*

The weight II* dnd whereas alfo in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in of the faid the fourth and fifth years of the reigns of our late fovereign lord and C&tbPh AM ^ Philip and Queen Mary, one other ftatute was made, in-	•!

46c 5	fouled, An aft touching the making of woolen clothes, whereby

*5*	-	alfo (amongft. other things) it was ordained, eftablijhed, enabled and

• provided, That every white cloth which Jhould be made in the counties of Wilts, Gloucefter and Somerfet, or any of them, or elfewhere of like making, appointed by the fold all made in the faid fifth and fixth years of King Edward the Sixth to weigh threescore and four pound, Jhould weigh, being well fcoured, tkicked, milled and fulfy dried, threefcore and one pound at the leqft \ (2) with a provifion in the fame lafi recited aft contained. That no perfon or perfonsJhould encur tb? danger, penalty or forfeiture limited ana appointed for any offence in the Jaid former recited aft, which was mitigated, or otherwife appointed by the fame aft made in the fourth and fifth years of King Philip and Queen Mary, as by the fame aft made in the fourth and fifth years of King Vhiiipand Queen. Mary, amongfi divers claufes, articles and provifoes therein contained, more plainly is exprejjed: (3) ftthence the making of which faid feveralftatutes, although the makers of the faid clothes have endeavoured themfelves according to their heft Jkill and induftry to perform and fulfil the faid recited ftatute in every of their clothes, as much as in them did liep as touching the breadth of

clothes j

*5*5-1 Anno viccfimo feptimo Elizabethjs. c.17.	379

clothes; and to that end and purpofe have allowed and do allow fo

much yarn and Ruff to every Juch cloth as might Jufficiently ferve to

make all the Jaid clothes full out in length and breadth, according to

the faid former ftatute made in the fifth and fixth years of. King

Edward the Sixth, and in weight according to the faid branch'of the

faid fiatute made in the fourth and fifth years of the reigns of the

late King Philip and Queen Mary; {4) yet notwitbfianding many

times, by reafon of theaivers natures tn the wools, and by the great The reafons

diverfities in the /pinning, carding and milting, many of the faid wherefore the

clothes made within the faid counties of Wilts, Gloycefter, Somer-

fet and Oxon, and elfewhere of tike making, do not contain fullfeven ®	&	*

quarters in breadth, according to the faid fiatute made in the fifth Ph.& M. c.5.

and fixth years of King Edward the Sixth, and yet do hold their full cannot be per-

aveight or more, according to the former fiatute made in the time ^formed, and

the faid King Philip and Queen Mary, and no default touching the clo^**

breadth can jufily be imputed to the maker thereof for that the faid thier.

cloth-makers (as experience daily Jheweth) cannot obferve the faid

former ftatutes in all the faid clothes, as touching the breadth, although

they endeavour themfelves never fo much thereunto; (5I wh\ch clothes

not containing their full affife in breadth, as is aforefaid, are many

times taken and feized by the fearcbers ^London when they come to

their market at Blackwell-Hall, to the great lofs and damage of the

feud cloth-makers, and to the great hindrance of cloth-making within

the faid counties.

Ill* Inionfideration whereof, albeit it is not hereby ihtend- The breadth cd to repeal or make void the faid former recited eftatutes, or bfdothe^. either or them, otherwife than is hereafter exprefled, yet never-thelefs, be it enabled by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, cefter, Somer-with the affentof the lonls fpiritual and temporal; and the com^ fet and Ox-xnons, of this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho- fordthire. rity of the fame. That no perfon or perfons lhall he hereafter charged for any fuch default which hereafter lhall be in any of &he (aid clothes mentioned in this aft for want of breadth of feven quarters, fo that the lame cloth doth contain in breadth, being thoroughly wet, fix quarters and an half at the lead within the lifts unwrought, and lifted according to the ancient cu-ftom; any thing in any of the faid former ftatutes mentioned to die contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a- The ptoa'ty forefaid. That if any of the faid clothes lhall not contain fix if the cloth do quarters and an half at the kali within the lifts, as aforefaid, ^a^th^x m that then every perfon offending in that behalf, lhall for every quarter* and fuch cloth be fubjeft to fuch pains, penalties and forfeitures, as an half were by force of the former recited ftatute of the fifth and fixth 5 & 6 IJd. 6. years of King Edward the Sixth to have been forfeited for wantc*69

of breadth of feven quarters within the lifts.

V.	And be it neverthelefs enafted by the authority aforefaid. The weight cf That if any cloth to be made within any of the faid counties, nam>w-iiiled or elfewhere of like making, called narrow-lifted whites, being }"ll,r*s

well fcoured, thicked, milled and fully dried, (hall contain in	t

freight any left than fixty-ope poupjft ft tfep Jpaft; (2) or if aiw

sloth

|8o Anno vieefiqie feptinao EliZcA3^t»#, €-*&	[*5$3<

doth to he made witbinany of the faid copndes, • or elfewhere | of like making, called broad-lifted whites, being well fcoured, thicked, milled and fully dried, ihali contain jn weight any lefs The length oF than fixty-tttree pounds at the leaft; (3) or if any of the laid a^broacf6^ clot^cs> called narrow-lifted or broad-lifted whites, ihall contain lifted whites. in length any mare than twenty and eight yards at the moil; The penalty* (4) *h*t then,every of the faidcjothiers therein offending (haU ofthedo- incur doublefuch penalties and forfeitures for every pound fb thfcrs offend- wanting of the ifeveral weights above limited, and for every yard *"£•	.	,	fo exceeding in length, and not weighing after fuch rate as is

before exprefied, as by the laid ftatute of the fourth and fifth years of King Philip and Queen Mary is provided and appoint-ed. (5) This a & to endure and continue for the ijpace of five . , . years next after the end pf . this fefiion of this prefent parliament,

" and from the end of the fipd five’years, until the end of the nett feffion of parliament then next enfuing. Made perpetual by 35 EU c. 7./ 30. but by 432?./. r.io. repealed as tothe over lengths of elates,

CAP. XVIII.

An aft contenting* the making of woolen clothes in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, called plain white Jlraight, and [* pinned white Jlraight.

Part of the - ^X/HEREia the parhamem upon prorogetimholdenatWtAmin-ftatute 6f 5 & W fter the twenty-third of January in the fifth year of the reign *Ad the1 Chole	the date JGng of famous memory., Edward the'Sixth, one aS tvas

ftatute, of.' made for thee making of woolenclothes \ by which aft*, emengft other 7 Ed. 6; c. 0.; thvngsut'was ettafted, That frtm and after the feaft of St. Michael «ftrainlngtbc thi archbngd usxt tnfumg tbe mafong cf the faid aft, no perftm or £Uv °if ptrftns fbouldput any hair, flocks, or any yam of hntbs wool into any lambs Wool °f ierfit, frixe on cotim made and fold, or offered to he fold, as into plain	m-tbefaldaft is Htprejfed, upon pain to forfeit every fiuh dothj, kerfe,

wh*tc . faize and cotton, wherein any fitch yam, minor flocks JhotiU be put, ^ai?dtS,hite ttr	cb*b,	kerfie, friz* or cotton, ashy the find aft it

Sraightsmade 4*h	”**9	aPPrar	•

in Devon and II. And whereas by another aft made m the parliament hclden at Comwal, re- Weftminfter in the feventh year of the reign of the faid late King, pealed, &c.	intituled. An a (ft for the making of plain white ftraights, and pin-

ned white ftraights in Devon and Cornwall, the faid former aft <	was altered, and liberty given to the makers of the faid clothes, called

'plain white Jlraight s, 'and pinned white ftraights, to ufe in making of the faid clothes, flocks, hair or yam made of hmbs-wool; and by the faia ftatute divers rules and orders were appointed for making of the faid clothes, called plain white ftraights, >and pinned white ftraights, as by the faid ftatute doth appear-. {2) now for that the orders and rules both by the faid ftatute made in the faid fifth year, as alfo in the faid feventh year of the faid Id te. King Edward the Sixth, tend to the utter undoing and decay of great numbers and multitudes of people which live by the trade of clothing, and are* not profitable any longer to he kept in thefe counties and fdaces, where the faid clothes, called plain white ftraights and pinned white ftraights, are ufually made, the fame clothes being but a bafe andcoarfe kind of clothes, ufually made for

the

1585.J Anm> viccfimo fept&no Eti* ABE$tt£r.# c. 1 %.*	381

the ufe of poor people beyond the fees * andmojl commonly flipped into Brhaitt, and there uttered for a merchandifey to fierve the ufe of the poorer fort there: {s)and efpecially for that fithemeihe making ef the faid Jlatutjesy the yarn wherewith we faid clothes? called plain white Jlraights and pinned white JlraightSy ate ufudlly made,. to the great benefit of the poor people where the fame are jnadey is grown fipaller and finer y whereby many more poor peoplearefet on work with fpmning	/

if the famey than either at or before the making of any the find fieveral Jfatuies they wcrt'y fo that the weighty length and\breadth cannot agree as before it did in making of the find cbthesc

III.	Be it'therefore ena&ed by the Queeti*s majefty our fove-reign lady, the lords fpiritualand temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament afferribled, and’by the authority of the feme, That the* branch made in the faki fifth .year, which pro* hibiteth putting of hair, flocks or yarp made or hmbs-wool into any cloth or frize, having regard unto the faid clothes, called plain white ftraights and pinned white ftraights; be utterly re* pealed and made void.

IV.	And that the faid ftatute alfo made in the fcid feventh 7 Ed. c. 9. year of the reign of the faid late King, and every branch, article

and claufe therein, be from henceforth utterly repealed and void for ever.

V.	And that? it be further enacted, That from henceforth it What fluff (hall be lawful to all and every the Queen’s triajefty’fc fubje&s in- pay be put habiting, or which (hall hereafter inhabit, within the faid coun- ^deCinfDe ties of Devon and Cornwaly as well in towns corporate, market- JLn Lid Corn-' towns or elfewhere, to weave and make the (aid clothes, called wal.

plain white ftraights and pinned white ftraights, and to life and occupy in.making of the (aid clothes, called plain whiteftraights and pinned white ftraights* flocks, hair and yam*made of lambs-wool, (2) and to have, keep and ufe in his or their houfes three Hew many 1 looms, and not above, for making of the clothes aforefaid, (3) looms a work-and to make the fame clothes-offuSh length,weigbt andbreadth, as the merchant (hall like or accept, to buy the fame ftp mer- Devon, &c.. ‘ chandifes, or appoint the fame to be made for the ufe and moft acceptable allowance of the country people where the fame (hall be tranfported for merchandifes, for that in tnartfo none* of the fame are worn or occupied within this realm y the faid ftatute made in the (aid fifth year of the reign of the faid late King Edward the Sixth, or any other law or ftatute heretofore made to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided always, That in defrauding of her Mqefty’s cu- The weight, Horn, no piece of the faid clothes fhallbe made above twelve length and pounds in weight, or above fourteen yards in,length, or one breadth of yard in breadth, (2) upon pain of forfeiture of atlfuch clothes made^n De” made over and above the faid length, breadth or Weight, or the von and value thereof: the one moiety to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs Cornwal. and fuccefTors, and the other moiety thereof to him that will fue

for the fame by writ, bill, plaint or information in any court of record, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law fhall be allowed*. 43 Eliz. c. 10.	•	* *

CAP;

3#2 Anno viccfimo feptimo Elizabeths. €.19/	[(585*

CAP. XIX.	(

An aSt for the prefervation of timber in the maids of the comities of Suflcx, Surrey and Kent, and for the amend- i ment of highways decayed by carriages to and from iron-mills there.

No new iron-nulls (hall he madeinSuflex, Surrey or Kent, nor (hall good timber be con-fumed by the making of iron, and the highways there (hall be repaired and amended, t Eliz. c. 15. «3 Elk. c. 5.

Timber (hall not be employed to the making of iron.

Thefbrfeitures for the offences afore-faid.

WHER EAS by the over great negligence or number of iron-works which have been and yet are in the weilds of the counties of Suflcx, Surrey and Kent, it is thought that the great plenty of timber which hath grown in thofe parts hath been greatly decayed and fpoiled* and will in jhort time be utterly confumed and wafted* if fime convenient remedy therein be not timely provided : (a) Be it therefore enaded by our Sovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon or perfons, from and after the feaft of Ealler next after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, (hall make, ered, build or new fet up, at or in any place within the counties of Suffix* Surrey or Kent or any of them, any manor of iron-mills, furnace, finary or blomary, for the making and working of any manner of iron or iron metal, other than either upon fuch old and former bays or pens, whereupon bath lately been, or at the tithe of the new eiedion (hall be then (landing (bine iron-mills, furnace or hammer, or dfe in and upon fuch lands as the party or parties fo ereding any fuch intended new work, (hall continually fumifli the fame with fufiicicnt fupply of his. or their own proper woods Handing or growing in and upon his or their own proper foil or land, being to him or them in fee-fimple, fee-tail, or for term of life or lives without impeachment of wade at the lead and not otherwife; (3) nor (hall convert or employ, or caufe to be converted or employed, to coals or other fuel, for the making or working of iron or iron metal, in or about any manner of iron mills, furnace, hammer, finary, forge or blomary, the body or bodies of any found timber tree or trees, apt for the making of good and fut-ficient cleft wares, or (awing timber of oak, a(h or elm, growing of the breadth or bignefs of one foot fquare at the dub, or any part of the fame body or bodies of any fuch tree or trees* (4; upon pain of forfeiture for every iron-mill, furnace, forge, finary or blomary, made, ereded, builded or fet up, contrary to the tenor ana true meaning of this ad, the fum of three hundred pounds; (5) and for every body of every fuch timber tree fo employed or converted to coal or other fuel, for the making or working of iron, as is aforefaid, the fum of forty (hillings of lawful money of England5 (6) the one half of which forfeitures to be to our fovereign lady the Queen’s majedy, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other half to him or them that will fat for the fame by original writ, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efloin, protedion or wager of law (hall be admitted or allowed.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for

the

1585.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeth^. c.19.

383

the owners of fuch trees (the bodies whereof have been or (hall tops of be from time to time converted or employed to or for any	Jj™*

manner of timber or cleft ware within the weiids of Suffix* emptoyed to Surrey or Kent* or any of them, the fame not being within ironworks, eighteen miles of the city of London, or eight miles of the river of names* or four miles from the towns of Rye and Wimhelfey* or within three miles of Hafimgs*. or within four .miles of the foot of the hills called the Downs between Arundel and Pemjej in the county of Suffix aforefaid, or any of them) to employ the tops and offals of all fuch trees to or for coals or other fuel ferving to or for iron-works, at their own will and pleafures» this ftatute or any other to the contrary hereof in any wife not-withftanding. (2) And forafmuch as the highways in the faid counties of Suffix* Surrey and Kent, are in many places greatly impaired and fpoiled by means of carriages of coals, mines and iron* to and from the iron-works in the faid counties, to the great hindrance of the common paflages of the Queen’s ma- , jefty’s fubje&s travelling through the fame: (3) for remedy a remedy for whereof, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the repair of the occupiers of all manner of iron-works whatfoever, as owners or fanners of the fame, by or for any eftate or cftates of in- aJJaKent, T heritance, for . lift, lives, or for term of year or years, which Repealed by (hall at any time hereafter carry or caufe to be carried any coals, 59 c. 19. mine pr iron, to dr for any their iron-works, between the a\*° fag*™*?5 twelfth day of Oftober and tlie firft day of May yearly, (hall likewife yearly carry and lay, or caufe to be carried and laid, for every fix loads of coals or mine, as well as alfo for every tun of iron, which (hall be carried by any manner of wain or cart, between the faid twelfth day of October and the firft day of May yearly, by the fpace of one mile thorow any highways, being under any the hills commonly called the North-Downs of Surrey . and Kent* to or from any manner of iron-work, one ufual cartload of cinder, gravel, (lone, fand or chalk, meet for the repairing and amending of the faid highways, to be laid and employed in fuch place and places of the faid highways, as by any jufticeof peace of any of the counties aforefaid, dwelling near unto the places where the highways within the limits aforefaid (hall be moft annoyed by any the means aforefaid, according, to the greater and more prefent necelfity, (hall be appointed or afligned ; (4) or elfe pay or caufe to be paid, for and in allow- TW (Killings ance of eveiy cart-load, in manner and form aforefaid to have been fo carried and laid, two (hillings and fix-pence within of^rerycart-1 eight days after the demand thereof, to the hands of the faid loadofgravel, juftice or peace or his afiignee, the fame to be levied after de- &c. uncarried, fault of payment upon the demand thereof from time to time upon fucli iron as (hall be by and thorow the fame highways fo carried, by way of diftrefs. (5) And if fuch juftice of peace, by reafon of abfence or other occafion, do not or (hall not within forty days next after the faid firft day of May yearly, aflign or appoint where and in what place of the highways the faid cinder, gravel, (lone, fand or chalk, to be carried as aforefaid, (hall he

hid,

384 Anoo iricefimo feptimo Elizavetas* c.19. £*585.

bid, or where and how the money thereof dae or fo paid, (hall be ( ib^aonaSt	and bdlcnred ; that that the fame cindtiygravel, (tone,

where the	bnd or chalk, (hall be laid and employed by inch perfon and

gravel fall	perfons as by this ad are to carry and lay the fame, or

be laid. to caufe the fame to be carried and laid, in fuch place and places of the highways, as the furveyors of the highways within the pariflr for the time being, where the highways (hall, be..moft annoyed, as is aforefiud, (hall affign or appoint ;

(6)	or in default thereof pay to the faid furveyors for every fuch load due and uncarried, two (hillings fix-pence, in man-* tier and form aforeiaid; • (7) uponpain of forfeiture of ten (hillings for every load of cinder, gravel, done, fand or chalk not earned, laid and employed in the highways, or two (hillings and fix-pence unpaid, as is aforefaid, to be forfeited and paid by the jperfon and perfons which by this a& ought to cany and lay, or caufe to be carried and laid, the cinder, gravel, ftone, fand or chalk, or therefore to have paid, as is aforefaid, after due prefentment and conviction thereof had before the juftices ofeper and terminer? or juftices of peace in any of their How the for- QpCn fcfl}0n or feffions to be holden before them or any of them: UemSoved. (®)	finn	and	fums	of	money	to	be forfeitea by reafon

' of this aft, for or in default of carriage and'laying of the faid cinder, gravel, done, fand or chalk, or payment thereof due * as aforefaid, (hall be likewife bellowed and employed upon the ' amendment and repairing of the highways in the (kid parishes where the caufe of forfeiture by default or refafal grew, and was given at, at and by the diferetion of any fuch juftice of peace as (hall dwell and be reliant next unto the place or places being moft annoyed by the carriages aforefaid, and where the money therefore due (hould have been paid, as aforefaid ; (9) and the fame to be levied by way of diftrefs by any conftable, tything-man, head borough, or other officer thereunto to be affigned < by warrant made in open fefiion* by any clerk of the peace of the county where any the offence or offences aforefaid (hall be committea, or by any two juftices of the peace whereof one to be of the quorum, which were prefentf at the feffions wherein the faid conviction of or for any the offences aforefaid (hall'be bad: (10) and if no fufficient diftrefs can be found by the faid of-A remedy	ficej appointed to levy the fame, -or if the faid offender (hall

^kftinately refufe to pay the fame forfeiture, or do not pay the ndt pay the ^amc	twenty	days	after	a	lawful	demand	of	the	fame by.

forfeiture* the faid officer to be appointed for the levying thereof as aforefaid; that-then every perfon fo denying or refuting, and not paying the fame forfeiture within twenty days as aforefaid, to forfeit the double fum he (hould before have* paid, to'be levied by fuch ways and means as to two of the juftices of .peace of the. fame county where the faid offence (hall be committed, whereof one to be of the quorum, (hall be thought moft meet; (21) the fame forfeiture to be likewife imployed upon the amendment of the highways, as the other forfeiture (hould have been, if the fame had been levied according to the true intent and meaning of this ftatute.

CAP.

*£$50 Anno vicelimd feptlmo ELIZABETHS, c.20—24.'	38$

CAP. XX.

It fliall be lawful to tbe mayor and commonalty of Plymouth in the county1 of Devon, and their fucceflors, to dig and mine £ trench ot ditch, containing in breadth betwixt fix or ieven feet over in all places, through nil the grounds lying between the town of Plymouth and any part of tbe river of Mew, for the neceflary conveying of the faid river to thefaid town, and to do reparations and make all things neceflary, whereby the river may be brought and continue unto the laid town, without the let of any perlbn j the faid mayor and commonalty paying to the owners amt farmers of the ftid grounds the value of the ground fo digged, to

. , be alfefled by two juftlces of aflife; but the faid river fliall not be con-veyed , through* any perfoh’s houfe, orchard Or garden, nor to the hindrance of the water-courfe of any mill, without the Owner’s confenti

CAP. XXl.	,	.

. It fhall not be lawful to any perfon to fet any net with any boat called a ftalboat, or other boat dr veflel whatfoever, within the entry or mouth of Orford haven in the County of Suffolk, or in the gull, being a branch of the laid haven* except the mask or (hale of every fucfaf.net through-hut' the whole do contain two inches and a* half at the leaft in the wide-pels from knot to knot, upon pain to forfeit the net fo fet, or the value thereof, and five pounds to the Queen and I, to be recovered by A. B. P. or I. wherein nd W. and P. &c. Stat. 4H. 7. £. si.

CAP. XXII.

It fhall be lawfifl fo the mayor and citizens of the dty of Chich£fter lit the cdunty of Suflex, their fifccefTors and affigns, at any time hereafter to lay out lo much ground in fuch places as they (hall think mdft meet for that purppte,. for the making of a new chanel* from fuch place of the haveii of the laid dty unto the fuburbs thereof, between the Dell-Key there and a place called Fiflibofn, and in fuch length arid breadth throughout, as to them (Hall feem neceflary, for the conveying the water along the chanel, unto the fuburbs f and alfo to enter info any lands within half a mile of the faid new chape), where any brooks*

* waters ftreams or fprlngs fhall be, and to affign and lay out fuch quantity thereof as fhall be Oonvenient to bring the fa£mc brooks, &£• into the faid Chanel. ‘

Cap. xXm.

An a£k for the clothiers of Boxfted in the county of Eflex. 4 & 5 P. & M C. repealed by si Jac. 1. e.s8.

C AP. XXIV;

An aft for. Repairing and maintaining of tbe fea-b&nks and '	'

fea- works’ on tbe fea-coafts in tbe county of Norfolk.

WH£REAS in tbe parliament balden at Weftminfter in the ft-	ttSUm

ettmd and third years of tbe reign of tbe late King Philip and m tbe rtu. Queen Mary* one aft was made and ordained for tbe amending and maintaining of highways; whichfoid aft having no longer continuance c’qjz c but for /even yean if ter the end of the fame parliament $ was afterwards	Elim. c. t«.

by one other aft .of parliament made in toe fifth year of the Queen’s ■ majejhp's reign that now ist revived to have further continuance for a certain time yet enduring; in which, find aft made in the fifth yeary and one other aft made in the eighteenth pear of her Majefiy's reign, there were contained divers further additions and ordinances, tending to the amendment and mamttnance of tbe, faid highways: (2) and ■ whereas the fea-banks and fea-works in fitndry parts of tbe fea-coafis within the county of Norfolk.- (not being within the particular (barge . Vol. VI.	C	e	of

386 Artrto vicefimo feptimo ElizAbethjb. c. 24^	[1585.

$/■ any perjbn or perfom, *r of any townjbip, to maintained ^ other common charge) are by the working of the fea ruined ani decayed, to the great hurt and prejudice of many townfbips voithh three miles of the faid banks and fea-woris9 and likely daily more ani more, to grow in ruin and decays if convenient remedy be not provided in that behalf: (3) and whereas the highways wtthih three • miles of the faid fea-banks and fea-works be fo gravelly and faniy% as neither need nor require for the^ amendment of the fame fi many of the faid day-works as be limited and appointed by-the fail ffatutes, the furplujage of which faid day-wdrks, if it^ might be yearly imployed towards the repairings amending and maintenance of fuch of the faid fea-banks and fea-works as are not or ought not to be made and maintained at the particular charge of anyperfon or perfom, or at the charge of any townjbip, or by acre-Jbot or other common, charges would be a fmgular benefit and help to the aforefaid townjbip: within three miles of the fend fea-banks and fea-works fa yearly to be made and maintained:

The Juftices of II. For remedy whereof, be it enadted and ordairiedby au-peace in Nor- thority of this prefent parliament, That from and after the feaft order?11 th** ^eHtec6ft now ncxt enfuing, the juftices of peace within the repair of fea- ^ county of Norfolk (hall and may yearly, at any general fef-banks and fea- fions to be holden within the faid county, for ana towards the works within making and amending of thefaid fea-banks dr fea-works (now being or that hereafter (hall be in ruin or decay) iiirtrt and appoint fo many of the afordfaid day-works, ds bytfeeir di/eretioa (hall, be thought fuperfluous, and not heedful, to be imployed towards the amendment of the aforefaid highways within three miles of the faid fea-banks or fea-works, which (hall needfully require iny fuch reparation or amendment.

ill. And be it further eha&ed, That every perron and perch arge'able for fons dwelling within three miles ofthc faid fea-banks and fea-fea banks °as wor*cs needfully to be amended dsis aforefaid, (hall yearly upon they ftand ** re^fonable warning given, during fo many days as (hall be ii-charged for mited and appointed in the faid feffiohs, in refpedl of his and the amending their labour and carriages, ftand arid he in that degree charged ot highways, and chargeable'towards the making, repairing and amending of the findTea-banks or fea-work's, as by the aforefaid ftatutes they (land charged aftB ChargeableTor the amendment df any f ' highways; and that they and every of them for the not doing and. performing the fame* (hall indur the like pain, penalty and forfeiture as is contained in the forefeid ftatutes made for the “amendment of highways and every of them : (fc)and that Ac faid juftices likewife in their aforefaid general feffions (hall and may nominate and appoint the high constables of every hundrea, that (hall be changed or chargeable by force of this . adt towards the makihg or amending of the faid fea-banks or fea-works, to be furveyorsof rhefidd fea-works and fea-banks;

( 3 } and that they and every of them fhall take upon them Ac execution of the faid - charge and office, and defy perform Ac < fame; upon fuch like pain 'and forfeitures as by the find fta-tu;es or ariy of them, to be impofed Upon anyTurreyor or fur-

vdyon

the fame county.

I!very petfon

Thexoiifta-. Alee of hundreds (hall be furveyors of fea-works.

1583.1, Au$o yipdfuno fcptimo Eii^ABETHiE. 045&6.	387

veyors for not taking upon him or them the office of furyeypr for theamencUng of highways: (4) and that every perfon and They who perions which lhall be yearly charged to the making and main- A?*11 ** .. tenanceof the faid banks or fea* works, (hall be difcharged °f the^nen^-fo many days towards the making of the faid highways, as lhall meat ot fea-be imployed ai^d teftowed towards the making and amending of works (hill be the (aid teamworks andfea-banks; ajl the faid penalties and forfei- ffifchargedftt tures to fee levied in manner and form as in the faid ftatutes are limited alfid appointed, (5.) This adt to endure and continue ^ for .the fpace of five^years,: and from thenceforth unto the ei^d of thje parliament ncjxt enfuing the faid five years. .3 Car. j*

€. +. nntjpued,until ttyx tndoftbe firjl fejfion of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1, c, 4.

’CAP* XXV* , ' -'tl :	,	:

As often as therthftrbri profits belorigingto Rochefter bridge Kent'

, (h?H»A9t !be (idStjeut to hear the charge of the reparation ^thereof,' t£e I two gardens apdmore part of the twelve afliftants (hall tax all the con-	; r

tributary lands, rating every parilh where thofe lands be, proportion*	‘	,

ably at Inch fums of money, to be paid hi fuch manner, 4s by the (aid	,

- wardens, &fc (hall be appointed in writing, under their handsandfeals, •	•

for .the *vhich qfty petuH> by them affigned may diftrfun and (fell the dift^efa. (At the yearly election of the faid two wardens and aidants* . ," ‘ . two houmolaers at the leaft (hall be prefent of every parifh withiq feveii ‘	>

miles of the faid bridge, wherein any contributory lands do lie,’ to givf : their voices at the fame election. 9 H. 5. c. 1*. 1SEi.Ct.s7. • * . .	.

,	.	•	CAP.	XXVI.

4» afi fpr explaining of fafiafute for fa amending efifa ■ kigbaiays between Middleton and the KingVferry', lead-inginto the Ifie of Sheppey, in the comfy < of Kenti

XT/HEREAS at the parliament holdeh in the eighteenth fear yighiflysr V V of the $hteeif} majefiy's reign that now is, there was one very necejfary and profitable law then made, for the repairing and main- • •	■

tainirig of tpe ferry aridpaffage called the fong’s-feny, within the Ifie of Sheppey, in the county of Kent, and for the ufual highway leading from the niarhet-town called JMiddfeton to the faid ferry, in am by which (id frfiatute for the repairing and emending tie fad highway, leading from Middleton to the faid ferry being in great decay,, it is amongfi other things enabled, That it Jbould be lawful from thenceforth yearly during thefpace, often years, for threejujtices of the peace whereof one to be of the quorum, next inhabiting to the faid town of Middleton within thi faid county 4^ Kent, reafimabbf to ajfefs and tax all and every land ottupieri dwelling out of the find ■ifie, arid within four miles defiant from the find ferry, as tothetr dif-eretions Jbould feem'eonvement, not exceeding the fum of one penny, upon evpty acre of frefh marjb and upland in one year, and upon every ten acre.s of faft -marjb one penny in me year. And forafmuch as •upon the. letter of tit fieme branch fomt doubt and quefiion hath rifen, whether the find jufiuet could fefs any but fuch as be land occupiers, and dwelling out of the faid ifie, ana within four miles difiant of thf fisifi ferry; and that thereby the taxations by them to be. made by the letter of the faid law, will tut fyffice to repair the find decayed .	C	c	a	ways.

gH8

Anno vicefimo feptimo Elizabeths c.2?,48. Cx5^

«*9Ps /^r the land and grounds lying out of the faid ifley arj> within four miles diftant from the faid ferry are for the mojl pan Occupied by fuch perfons as be inhamtinz without the compafs of fk faid four mtlesy by reafon whereof the faid highways remain ftiTl un-Three juftices repaired, and not amended, and are grown into further decay than at

h&l%th*be time 6fthe ^z °ftbe	%	the£uat>

in eight miles danger and annoyance of the £)ueen s majejtfs fubjefts puffing by and of Middleton through the fame. For the better explanation ofthe faiajtatutey ad in the county for the redrefs ofthe faid%vesysy be it now enadted by the Queen ofKent, may our fOVereign lady, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the groundlying commons, vin this pfefent parliament affembled, and by the without the ' authority of the fame, That yearly from henceforth for ever Ifle of Shep- between the feaft of Eajler and the feaft of Pentecofi it fliall and pey, and with- may ^ lawful to and for ftxy ftoei four and three juft ices of the1 Sftance fiim	thereof oiieto be ofthe quorum, inhabiting within eight

King's Ferry miles of the faid town of Middleton, within the laid county of there, fuch Kentf to aflefs and taxupon. all and evCnr the? lands andt grounds affe®ncJJts t0" lying and being without the laid ille, and within four miles diftant Sr ofthe”" *rm* t^ie	fuch afieffments and taxations for and to-

highway lead- wards the repairing and amending the faid highways as to them ing from Mid- fhall feem reafonable, notwithftanding that the owners or oc-^eton to . cupiers of the fame lands or grounds be dwelling without the « ”o them7* compaft of the faid .four miles, fo that the fameateffinents and lhaU feem rea- taxations exceed not above one penny for every acre of frelh fonable,	marfh and upland	for one year, and not aboye one penny for

though the	* every ten acres of	fait marm for one year, the Cud former ad

occuCI^nTof ~or	article,	branch or thing therein contained to the

the laid” ° contrary thereof notwithftanding. And that jhe faid taxations grounds be and afieffments fhall be levied and employed for and towards dweUtngwith- the repairing of the faid highway, by fuch perfbn and perfons OUr th5>om’ dwelling out ofthe laid ifle within four’ miles of the faid ferry, mile*0: ScTas *s by foe faid juftices that (hall aflefs and tax the fatne fhall be of every year limited and appointed, and the fame perforf and perfons fb to be no acre of	appointed to have	like power and authority for the levying

frelh marjh	thereof by diftrefs	in fuch manner and form as is limited to

a peny, nor	ferry	warden,	by the faid recited ftafute for the levy-

ten acres of ing and gathering Of afTeflments within the faid ifle, and the fait marfh faid perfon and performs fo to be appointed to account and to above a penW deliver the arrearages thereof, (if any happen to be) to the faid inethefta-Juftices at fuch time and place as by them mall be appointed.

CAP. XXVII.

•liberty continued to certain perfons for fix years, for the iitOmg otf Earitli, Lefneaand Plumfted marfhe* in Hie county of Kent: the moiety of all the lands fo to be recovered and inned, alfured to the inners and their heirs, in refpeft of	their charges, and alio the eighth part of the other

moiety : they fhall	hold it of the Queen, as of the manor of Eaft-

Greenwieh in focage by fealty, paying a peny anacre yearly, and (ball pay no tithe for feven years. El. c. 13. 4 Jac. 1. c. 8«

CAP. XXVIII.

’ A confirmation of a fubftdy of fix (hillings in the pound granted to the Queen by the clergy, jo be paid in three years. EXP.

6	CAP.

tute of 18 Eliz. c ro.

15$7•} Anijo viccfimo nono Elizabeths. c.i,z.

CAP. XXIX.	x

One entire fubfidy and two fifteens granted to the Queen by the tern* poralty.' EXP.

CAP. XXX. ..	,

T|ke Queen's general free pardon confirmed by parliament, except, &c.

EXP.

3*9

Anm vicefimo nono Regina Elizabeth.*.

A T this prefent feffion of parliament begun the twenty % Mod. .4% «**■ ninth Jay of Oftober * in the eight and twentieth year of our reign, and by prorogation bolden at Weftminfter the twenty third day of March in the nine and twentieth year of the reign of our mofi gracious fovereign lady Elizabeth, by the grace of Qod, of England, France and Ireland, Sfyeen, defender of the faith. See. And there continued to the diffolution of the fame. To the high pleafure of Almighty Cod, and the weal-publick of this realm, were enafted as follpwefb,	'

CAP. I.

A confirmation of the lawful and juft convi&ions and attainder of a ff,;-Thomas lord Paget: F. E. C. P. F. T. W. S. A. B. T. S. E. I. E. A. ££ £z!T L C. T. C. T. R. B. I. C. and I. T. lately attainted of high treafon by10 Sct»*G» outlawry, verdift or confeffion ; and they (hall forfeit to the Queen all their manors, lands, offices, rights, conditions and hereditaments.

Stat. 35EUZ. c.

CAP. II.

An ail concerning errors in records of attainders of high

treafon.

FOrafmuch as through corruption or negligent keeping, the records	recor<j ^

of attainders of treafon happen many times to bt impaired, attainder of blemijhed or othttvnft to bt defective, be it ordained and ena&ed treafon (hall by the authority of this prefent parliament, That no record bufev^d of attainder that now is of any perifon or perfons of or for any ZJftJattaint-high treafon, where die party fo attainted is or hath been ex- ed is7 executed ecuted for the fetpe treafon, (hall by the heir or heirs of any for the fame, fuch perfon, or by any other whatsoever claiming in, from, J *““* J1* by or under any fuch heir or heirs, be in any wife hereafter reverfed, undone, avoided or. impeached by any plea, or for any error whatfoever.

ll.	Provided always neverthelefs. That this ad, nor any ^ thing therein contained, (hall in any wife extend to any record cord j, of attainder, of or for any treafon, upon which any writ of verfed, or

error is now depending, or which record is already reverfed, thereupon a

vyfit Or error

• 7he oUer edition* have, the fifteenth den of February, 29 Eftz. hut depending it ought to be 29 OSober % *8 Eliz, See 4 lufi. 7. Raym, 1,2. Skin. 364.	^	6’

folk, 331. Lutw. 203, 1117*

C c 3.	repealed

390	Anno	vicefimo	none	Elizabeths.	C;j,4.	[1587.	I

repealed or undone, by or for any error, matter, plea or caufe I whatfoever 3 but that the lame (hall be and remain as unto and againfl that party at whole, fuit the fame writ of error is depending, or at whofe purfuit the fame record hath been re-verfed, mealed or undone; and his and her heirs and affigns only, as it this aft had never been had or made; any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

CAP. III.

JSvery perfon which hath claimeth to have any tftate of Inheritance, leaie or rent, not already entered of record 'oV certified in the exchequer, of, in, to or out of any manors, lands or hereditaments, by • ot under any grant or aiTurance. whatfoever made fithence the begin-.nine of the Queen's reign, by-any of the perrons attainted for matter tending to thehuTt, death or deftru&ion of the Qugen, or to any ac-pml rebdlionor mvafiftn,or for being adherent or giving fid or comfort < to any of the Queen's enemies, (itbence the eighth dfy of February in the | eighteenth year of the Queen’s reign, thall within two years after the end of this wffian of parliament, openly (hew forth the fame in the exchequer, lnd that in term time m open court exhibit the fame af-furatree (or upon nis oath affirming that he hath not, hor can come to the fame, of tMt it was never put- in writing) theft the efieS thereof in writing to be etitred and iftroued of record 5 or eHfe every (uch af-$ir*fcpe ihall be yoid to 3U intents. Et fic utJupta. ii Eliz. c. 4.

CAP. IV,

jtn aft to prevent extortion in Jheriffs, under~Jberiffs9 and bailiffs of franebifes or liberties, in cafes of execution.

Palmer 400, TlE it shafted by the authority of this prefent parliament, dot.	X) That it (hall not be lawful, from the firft day of Map now

f iFoli ^ol. next enfuing, to or for any (heriff, under-lheriff, bailiff of [ Latch. 17, 54.. franchifes or liberties, nor for any of their or either of their Noy 27. officers, minifters, fervantis, b&iliffs or deputies, nor for any How much 0f them, by reafon or colour of their or either of their office . may takefor or °®ces> t0 have, receive or take of any perfon or perfons thefovingof whatfoevter, direftly or indireftly, for the ferving and executing an execution, of any extent or execution upon the body, lands, goods or Moor 853. chattels, of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, more or other a Mod 240; confideration or recocnpence, than in this prefent aft is 331,* (hall be limited and appointed, (31) wfuch (hall be law-332.	ful to bfe had, received and taken, that is to fay, twelve pence

Moor 468. of and for every twenty (hillings, where the fum. exceedeth not Cro.^1. 335, one hundred pounds, and fix pence of and for every twenty Cro. Jac. 103. (hillings, being over and above the faid fum of one hundred Cro. Car. 287. pounds, that he or they (hall fo levy or extend, and deliver in Theforiciture execution, or take the body in execution for, by virtue and ■nd1how Sf*1* f°rce °f any fuch extent or execution whatfoever, (3) upon pain (hall be re- &nd P*nahy that all and every (heriff, under-(henff, bailiff of covered, franchifes and liberties, their qnd every of their ininifters, fer-vants, officers, bailiffs or deputies, which at any time after the faid firft day of May now next enfuing (hall direftly or indireft-ly do the. contrary, (hall lofe and forfeit to the party grieved his treble damages, (4) and (hall forfeit the fum of forty pounds

of

1587.] Anno vicefroa np.no I*iszabethm. 0,5.

of good and lawful Engbjh money for every time that he, they or any of them (hall do the contrary; the one moiety thereof to be to our fovereign fedy the Queen, he^ heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the party or parties that will fue for the lame, by apy plaint, adion, fuit, bill pr information, wherein up efloin, wager of law or protection (hail bp allowed,

II.	Provided always, That this ad, or any thing therein Fees for exe*> contained, (hall not extend tQ any fees to be taken or had for cutions with-any execution within any city or town corporate; any thing above mentioned to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. porate.

CAP. V,

An a8 far the continuance and perfefting of divers ftatuies-

WHERE in the firfi feffion of parliament holden at Weftminfter 5 El. c. 9, the twelfth day of January in the fifth year of her Higbnefs reign, an aft was then and there made for the punijhment of filth per-fons asjhouldprocure or commit any jviffulperjury; (a) and where in 13 El. c. 5, the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter the fecond day ^fCollufion, April in the thirteenth year of her Majefiy's reign, an aft was then and there made for the avoiding and abolijhing of fainedy covinous and fraudulent feojfmentSy giftSy grantSy alienations y bondsy fuits, judgments and executionsy intituledy An ad againft fraudulent deeds, gifts, grants, alienations, (etc.

II. And where alfo in the firfi fejjion of the parliament begun and Ways. holden at Weftminfter the twelfth day ^January in thejaidfifth year of her Htghnefs reign9 and from thence continued by prorogation *	'

until the diffolution thereof there was one other aft made for the revi- The three for-ving of afiatute of 2 & 3 rhilippi & Mariae for the amending of high- mer ftatutes ways 5 all which afts above-mentioned are by proof and experience PcrPe’ tried and found to be very neceffary and profitable for the commontu ' wealth of this realm: for which caufe, be it enaded by the Queen’s majefty, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid ads above re-membred, and every of them, and all and every the branches, claufes and provifions in them and every of them contained,

(hall from henceforth be, remain and continue in force and pffed for ever.	^

III.	And where in the firfi feffion of parliament begun in the city Ships. of London the third day of November in the one and twentieth « H. $• c. year of the reign of our late fovereign lord of fatpous memory, King Henry the Eighthy and from thence adjourned and prorogued to the palace of Weftminfter, an aft orfiatute was madey intituledy An ad for the true making of cables, halfers and ropes.

IV.	Andwherein the parliament holden upon prorogation at Weft- Cattle, minder the fourth day of February in the four and twentieth year 24 H. s. c. 9. of the reign of the faid Kitigy one other aft was then and there madey intituled\ An ad againft killing of young beafts, called weanlings.

V* And where tn the fejfion of a parliament ended at Weftmin- Cattle# fter the firfi day ^February in the fourth year of the reign of our 3 &4Ed.

£04.	late	c.19.



VjftuaL

$&4Ed.6.c.xi.

FUh.

a EL c. 17.

Husbandry. 5 EL c. x.

Merchants. 5 EL c. 7.

Games, t El. c. io«

Leafes.

73 EL c. io.

Purveyors. 33 Eliz, c.11

Ufury.

13 Eliz.c. 8. 14Eliz.c. ii, Continuance Of ftatutes.

Poor.

H Eliz. p. 5«

^8 Eliz. c. 3.

Anno vicefimo nono Elizabeths. e.5.	05*7*

fivereign lari King Edwaxd tb £x/^ «ar zitf was made cen-t urmng the buying and felling of rstber-bcafh and cattle.

VL And alfo one other aft was then and there Etewifi made* intituled, An aft for the buying and felling of butter and diede.

VII.	Arid where alfo in the parliament began at Wcflminfter the three and twentieth day of January in the firft year of the reign of the fpueen's majejly that now is, and there continued by prorogation until the diffohttim thereof, one aft was then and there made, intituled, An aft for preiervation of fpawn and fry of fiflu

VIII.	And where alfo in the firft feffion of parliament balden at Weftminfter the twelfth day of January in the fifth year of her Highnefs reign, one aft was then and tpere made, intituled. An aft for maintenance and ihcreafe of tillage.

IX.	And one other aft was then and there likewife made, intituled, An aft for the avoiding of divers foreign wares, made by handi-craftfmen beyond the leas.

X.	And where alfo in the laft feffion of the parliament bolden by prorogation at Weftminfter the faflday of September in the eighth year of her Majeftfs reign, one aft was they and there made, intitule^ An aft for bowyers and the pripes of bows.

XL And where alfo in the parliament begun and holden at Weft-mindef the fecond day of April in the thirteenth year of her Majeftyi reign, there was one aft and ftatute made for the avoiding of fame leafes in certain cafes, to be made of eccleftaftical promotions with cure, intituled. An aft touching leafes of benefices, gnd other eccle-fiaftical livings with cure.

XII.	And where alfo there was one other aft and ftatute made in the /aid parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter the faid fe-(ond day of April in the faid thirteenth year, intituled. An aft that purveyors may take grain, corn or viftuals within five miles qf Cambridge ana Oxford in certain cafes.

XIII.	And alfo one other aft was then and there made, intituled. An aft againQr ufury.

^ XIV, And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the fighth day of May in the fourteenth year of her Highnefs reign, there was one other aft made, intituled. An aft for tfie continuation, explanation, perfecting and enlarging of divers ftatutes; in which ftatute are contained divers branches, claufes and provifmi touching and concerning the explanation, perfecting and enlarging of divers of theftatutes bef'ore mentioned. •	•	■

XV.	And where alfo in the firft feffion of the parliament begun and bolden at Weftminfter the eighth day ofm^y in the fourteenth year of the Spyeejs highnefs reign that now is, and from thence continued by prorogation to the dijfolution thereof there was one other aft made, intituled. An aft for the punifhment of vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor and impotent.

XVI.	And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter afore-faid in the eighteenth year of ber'Majeflys reign, there was one other aft made, intituled. An aft for the letting pf the popr on work, and for the avoiding of idlenefs,

' ■	'	•	‘	3£VII, Jift

j 587*1	Anno vicefimo'nono Elizabeths. 65.	393

XVII.	And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the *7 c- »• three and twentieth day ^/November in the /even and twentieth

of her Majejly's reign, one other aft was made for the reviving, continuance, explanation and forfeiting of divers ftatutes, in whifb are contained divers branches, provijms and claufes touching (teed concern- • ing certain additions and alterations unto and of divers of the faid former recited jlatutes, and other new proviftens.

XVIII.	And where in the faid parliament holden at Weftminfter Enqueft, the three and twentieth day of November in the feven and.twentieth v™.*c> 7-yeat of the Queen’s majejly's reign that now is, there was an ail

for the levymg of tjjites ujl by jurors.	,	•.Jurors.’

XIX.	And whereas alfo in the parliament holden at Weftminfter Franchife. _ the three and twentieth Hay 0/" November in the feven olid twentieth.

year of the Queen's majejly's reign that now is, there was one. other t jonedj£~. ail made, intituled. An ad for the good government, of the city tutes {hall Conor borough of JVeJlminfter: (2) forajmucb.as all the famefeveral ails tinoeuntil the ■and Jlatutes, branches, claufes and provijms, and every of them, <&en^?^*<next. feem good, beneficial and needful to. the weal and profit of this realm; E^ament‘ (3) be it therefore further enaded by the authority of this pre- * lent parliament. That the forefaid feverallaft recited ftatutes and ads, and the faid mentioned branches, claufes, provifions, • • additions, alterations and explanations and every of them, and all and every article, claufe and fentence in them and every of them contained, fhall be continued and endure in full force and effed during the time hereafter mentioned, that is to fay, till the end of the next parliament next enfuiog.

. XX. And where alfo in the firjt fejfion of parliament, holden at u;n, Weftminfter the twelfth day of January in the find fifth year of her < El’iz. c. j. Majejly's reign, one ail was then and there made, intituled. An ad Politick con-touching certain politick conftitutions made for the maintenance jbtutions for .of the navy; (2) be it further enaded by the authority of thisnaaceoTths prefent parliament,. That fo much only of the laid laft men- navy, tioned ad, as at this prefent ftandeth in force, and not heretofore at any time repealed, fhall continue and endure in full force and effed, unto the Aid of the next parliament next enfuing,

XXI. Provided always. That whereas divers her Majefif slaving	. . ,

fubjeiis dwelling in the remote parts of this realm, are many times ant infuitt mafifioujfy troubled upon informations and. fiats, exhibited in the courts upon penal of the kings bench, common pleas and exchequer, upon penal Jlatutes, ftatutes may and are drawn up upon procefs out of the countries where they dwell, appear by find driven to jttend and put in bail, to their great trouble and un- ahorne)'* Mings (2) for reformation whereof, be it enaded. That.if any perfon or perfons fhall be fued or informed againft, upon * any penal law in any the feveral courts of the King’s bench^ common ple^s or exchequer, where fuch perfon or perfons are bailable by law, or where by the leave or favour of the court Tbit branch fuch perfon, or perfons may appear by attorney, that in all and extends not to ' every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo to be impleaded or fued, ftall and may at the day and tune contained in the firft pro- c* ,0‘ cefs ferved for his appearance, appear by attorney of the fame court , yvhfre the procefs is retui^iable, to anfyer and defend

Anno vicefimo nono Elizabeths. c.6.	[1587.

thje feme, and net be urged to perfonal appearance, or to put in bail for the imfwering 0? fuch fuit; any former law, cuftom or ufege to the contrary notwithftanding,

CAP. VI.

An aStfor the mere fpeedy and due execution of certain branches of the Ji atute made in the twenty-third year of the Queer?s tmtfty's reign* intituled* An off to retain the Queen's ma-jytfs /objects in their due obedience.

Cmtvm *ffq. TT* O R avoiding of all frauds and delays heretofore praftifed, nncetoflaMt J or hereafter to be put in ure, tQ the hindrance of the due and fpeedy execution or the ftatute made in the feffion of par-urnid to tke ^ament holden by prorogation af Weftmnfter the fixteenth day Ogam. pf January in the three and twentieth year of the reign of our In what court* ipoft gracious fove reign lady the Queen’s majefty, intituled, Jn ^V*|dlbe rtiaip the Qutm’s mqjfty'sfalytilt im tfwr due eiedienee* (2) sj Elu^ c. t. be >t enafted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That moot j»j. ‘ every feoffment, gift, grant, conveyance, alienation, eftate, leafe, pi. <91. incumbrance and limitation of ufe, of or out of any lands, tene-Ltow 60,91. ments or hereditaments whatfoever, had or made at any tints V; ■ 7‘ $** fince the beginning of the Queen’s majofty’s reign, or at any ^	time hereafter to be had or made, by any perfon which hath not

repaired or (hall not repair to fome church, chapel qr ufhal place of common prayer, but hath forbom or (hall forbear the fame, contrary to the tenor of the faid ftatute, (3) and which is or (hall be revokable at the pleafure of fitch offender, (4) or in any wife dircftly or indirectly meant or intended, to or for the behoof, relief or maintenance, or at the difpofitiop of any fitch offender, (5) or wherewith or whereby, or in confid oration whereof, fiich offender or his family (hall be maintained, relieved or kept}

(6)	fhall be deemed and taken to be utterly fruftrate and void, as againft the Queen’s majefty, for or concerning foe levying and paying of fuch foms of money as any fuch perfon by the laws or statutes of the realm already made ought to pay or forfeit for not coming or repairing to any church, chapel, or afinl place of common prayer, or for faying, hearing, or being at any mafs;

(7)	and fhall alio be feized and had to and for her Majefty’s ufe and behoof, as hereafter in this aft is mentioned; any pretence, colour, feigned confideratiop, or expreffing of any ufe, to the contrary notwilhftanding.

Conviftion of II. And further be it enafted by the authority aforefiud. That recu faneyft all every conviftion heretofore recorded for any offence before men-^to'the «- *’one^» not already eftrefrted or certified into die Queen’s ma-thequer.”' jefty’s court of exchequer, fhall from the juflkes before whom % Roll. jol. the record of fuch conviftion (hall be remaining, he eftreated and certified into the Queen’s majefty’s court of exchequer, before the end of Softer term next coming, in fuch convenient certainty for the time and other circumftances, as the court of exchequer may thereupon award out procefe for feizure of the lands and goods of every fuch offender as hath not paid their '"iwiAionswf {0rfe‘tur€Si according to the laws and ftatutes in fueh cafe provided ; {2) and that every conviftion hereafter for any offence

before

1587*3 Anno vicefimo Jiono Elizabeths. c.6.	395

before mentioned (hall. be in the court commonly called, the recu fancy King's bend), o£at the affixes,: or .general gaol-delivery, and not elfewhere, abd (hall from the juftices before whom the record of Tuch convidion (hall remain, be eftreated and certified into the faid court of exchequer hefore the end of the tent) next cnfuihg after every fiich .Convidion, in fuch convenient certainty as is afore-mentfoned,

III.	And be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefiud, That At what tima every fuch offender in not repairing to divine fervice, but for-bearing the fame contrary to the (aid eftatute, as hath been not going to heretofore eonvided fbrluch. offence, and hath not made fub- church full miffion, and been conformable according to the true meaning ** P^d. of the faid ftatnte, (hall without any other indidmeni or con- I’c’*’ Vidion, pay into the receipt of the (aid exchequer, all fiich films 7 of - money *s according to the rate of twenty pounds fix’ eyeryangrken month fithence tbeiame convidion do yet remain unpaid, vap^fttfOt fofm as hereafter enfueth; that is to (ay, the one moiety there-	•

of before the end of the next Trinity term, and the other moiety	m

thereof before the end of the next Hillary term, or at any fuch twenty dther times as by the lord treafurer, chancellor and chief baron pounds. ■ of the exchequer, or any two of them, (hall by compofition, upon good bond and fiirety taken, be limited before the end of the filid next Trinity term, if any fiich compofition (hall happen to be ; {a) and (hill alfoin every Eafter and Michaelmas term, until fiich time as the feme perion do make fubmifiion, and be * conformable according to the true meaning of the (aid ftatute, pay into the faid receipt of the exchequer twenty pounds for ievery month which miall incur in all that mean time.

. IV. And fee it. alfo enaded fey the authority aforefiud. That» Roll. jo. ievery fuch offender, in not repairing to divine fervice, but forbearing the fame contrary to the laid eftatute, as hereafter (hall fortune to be thereof pace eonvided, (hall in fuch of the terms of Eafter or Michaelmas as (hall be next after fuch convidion, u Co. 57. pay into the (aid receipt of the exchequer after the rate of twenty pounds for every month, which (hall be contained in the in-nidment wherenpon foch convidion (hall be; (2) and (hall alfo The Queen for every month after inch convidion, without any other in- may tale all di&ment or convidion, pay into the receipt of the exchequer a- die offender’* forefaid at two times in the year, that is to fay, in every Eafter term and Michaelmas term, as much as then (hall remain unpaid, his lands and after the rate of twenty pounds for every month after fuch con- leafes, who ividion: (3) and if default (hall be made in any part of any pay- payeth not ment aforefiud* contrary to the form herein before limited. That twf"% then and fo often the Queen’s majefty (hall and may, by procefe {*^1,* * put oft he faid exchequer, take, feize and enjoy all the goods, 1 Roll. 94. and two parts as well of all the lands, tenements and heredi- * Roll. *5. laments, leafes and farms of fuch offender, as of all other the '* 9°' V, Jands, tenements and hereditaments liable to fuch feifure or to the penalties aforefaid, by the true meaning of this ad, leaving £ 5, " * the third part onlyof the fame lands, tenements and hereditament^ leafes and.(arms, to and for the maintenance and relief -'pf the feme offender, his wife, children and family.

V. And

39^	Anno	vicefimo nono Elizabeths, c.6* >	[1587;

• V. And for the more fpeedy conyi&ion of fiich offender, in not repairing to divine fervice, but forbearing the fame contrary to the faid eftatute; (a) be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the indi&ment of every fuch offender, mentioning not the coming of fuch offender to the church of the pariftv where ,fuch perfon at any time before fuch indidment was or did keep houfe or refidence, nor to any other church, chapel, or ufual indict- place of common prayer, (hail be fufficientin the law; (3) and went (ufE- that it (hall not be needful to mention in any fuch indidfanent, dept, though that the party offender was or is inhabiting within this realm of tioned°thatfn"	or	any	other	the Queen’s majefty’s dominions : (4) but

jth? party is If it (ball happen any fuch offender then not to be within this withm the realm or other her Majefty’s dominions, that in fuch cafe die t Party thall he relieved by plea to be put in in that behalf, and pLioi. ,4*' oot otherwife: (5) and that upon the indidhnent of fuch offen^ A proclama- der, a proclamation (hall be made at the fame affizes or gaol-tion that the delivery in which the indidhnent (hall be taken, (if the fame be party indi&ed taken at any affizes or gaol-delivery) by which it (hall be com-sanded, that the body of fuch offender (hall be rendred to* the fhcriff. fheriff of the fame county, before the faid next affizes or general Palmer 39. gaol-delivery to be holden in the fame county: (6) and if at.the i Lutw. aoi, faid next affizes or gaol-delivery the fame offender fo.proclaim-*°*‘	cd (hall not make appearance of record, that then upon fuch

default recorded, the fame (hall be as fuffident a convi6tiort in law of the faid offence whereof the party fo ftandeth indidted, as is aforefaid, as if upon the fame indidhnent a trial by v^fdidt thereupon had proceeded and been recorded*

The offender VI. Provided always, That whenfoever any fuch offender, as fubmitting, or is aforefaid, (hall mage fubmiffion, and become conformable, mtufe jflSdl accord*ng t0 f°rm Untited by the feme eftatute made in the enfue. 1 three ana twentieth year of the Queen’s majefty’s reign, or (hall Savil 130* fortune to die; That then no forfeiture of twenty pounds for any month, or feizure of the lands of the feme offender, from ana after fuch fubmiffion and conformity or death, and full fe-tisfadtion of all the arrearages of twenty pounds monthly, before fuch feizure due or payable, (hall enfue or be continued againft fuch offender, fo long as the fame perfon (hall continue in coining to divine fervice, according to the intent of the feid eftatute.

VII.	And where by the faid former fatute^ the third part of the forfeitures for not coming to divine fervice is limited to the poor : (2) be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the iprd treafurer of England? chancellor, and chief baron of the exchequer for the time being, or two of them, to affign and difpofe of the full third part The third part of the twenty pounds for every month paid or to be paid into of the fortei- the receipt of the exchequer, as is aforefaid, for the relief and tbThe poor maintenance as well of the poor, and of the houfes of correction, 15 E1. c. i.' as of impotent and maimed foldiers, as the feme lord treafurer, chancellor and chief baron, or any two of them, (hall order or appoint i any thing in the feid eftatute made in the feid three *	;	and

158?.] <Sj,8&■' MA6 tricefimo prime ELksav&thM; S97.

and twentieth year of her Majefty’s reign mentioned to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftahding.

VIII.	Provided always, That this aft, or any thing therein Aflurances contained, (hall not in any wife extqix}, or be conftrued to make "iade bo** void or impeach any pant or leafe heretofore made bom fide> without fraud xor covin, whereupon any yearly refit or paymeiftpcacn^ is referved or payable 5 (2) or any grant or leafe hereafter to be made bonafidey without fraud or covin, whereupon the accuftonw ed yearly rent or more (hall be referved; (3) or any other conveyance, aflurance or aflignment whatfoever heretofore made bona fiiey upon good confideration, and without fraud or covin, which is not or (hall riot be revokable at the pleafure of fuch of-* fender; {^ptherwife than to give benefit and title to herMa-* jefty, her heirs, and fucceflbrs, to have, perceive and enjoy fucft rents arid paymerits during the continuance of fuch leafe and . v	-

grant, according to the true meaning of this aft. '	tJ........

> IX. And provided a|fo. That this aft, or any thing therein Seizure of contained, (ball not in any wife extend or be conftrued* to con- lands, where-tinue any leisure of any lands or tenements of fuch offender in hath^ut her Majefty’s hands, or in the hands of her heirs or fucceflbrs, eftate for fife, after the faid offender’s death, which lands or tenements he (hall have or be feized of only for term of his life, or in the right of his wife; any thing in this aft to the contrary hi any wife not-	..

withftanding. $El.c.i. 2$ El. c. i.	.	,	!,

CAP. VII.

A fubfidy of fix (hillings in the pound granted to the Queen by the clergy, to be paid in three years. EXP.

1.

(

cap. vni.

A fubfidy and two fifteenth* granted to the Queen by the temporalty. EXP..

CAP. IX.

A confirmation oftheQueen's general and free pardon. Except, Ac. EXP.

*

Anno tricejimoprimo Regime ELIZABETHS.

AT a fejfton of parliament-begun and boldenat Weftmin-fter the fourth day of February in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, France and Ireland, Queen, defender of the faith, See. and there continued until the dijfolution thereof, being the nine and twentieth day of March: to the high pleafure of Almighty God, and the weed publiek of this realm, were enabled as followtib:

CAP.

$9$	Annotricefimo	primo EufcAii&ETHA. c.i. £1589.

CAP. I.

Ah aR agdnfi difcontimanccs of writs of error in the courts of exchequer ana Kings bench.

\X7HEREAS by an eftatutejmade in the xxxi jeer of the reign W of King Edward the Third, it is watted, that upon complaint concerning error made in the exchequer touching the King or other per-

fons,	.tbclordchancellor and lord treafurerJhalldo to come before them in any chamber of council nigh, the exchequer, the record and procefs of the exchequer, and taking to them fuch juftices and other fage per-

font,	as to them fhall be thought meet, JboU hear and determine fuch errors i as by the fold eftatute more or large, appeareth: and whereas

jt E. j. ftat.i. thofe two being great officers of the realm are employed, not only in c, »•.	their fever $ offices and places ofjujlice eljewhere, but alfo for other

stCar.s. c.*. weighty affairs of the realm in council, attendant on thejjueeri S majeftft perftut awMberwifc, they be many times upon Judden warning called • ’ away,-in. fuch wife as they both many times, and fometinfes neither of . them* can be prefent in the exchequer at their day of adjournment in futh fuit if error •,. and then by not coming of them at the day of ad' •'	joumment	every	fuch	writ	of errof depending is by the laws of the

realm dycontsmed, and the peaty cannot proved, bit muff begin Ms fuit of new, to the great lofs of the party and hindrance of jujlice : The not com- for remedy whereof, be it ordained and enafted by authority of ingof the lord this prefent parliament. That the not coming'of tbe lord chsta-andtord*trea> ce^°r l?td treafurer, or of either of them, at the day of ad-fuier ihall be joummentfri any fuch fuit of error depending by virtue of the no difeonti. faid former eftatutd, fhall not be any difcontinuance of any fuch niianee of Writ of error: but if both the chief juftices of either bench, or nrn o errar*a^y on*’of the, faid great officers, the lord chancellor or lord treafurer, fhall come to the, exchequer chamber, and there be prefent at the day of adjournment in fuch fuit of error, it fhall be no difcontinuance, but the fuit fhall proceed in law to all intents and purpofes, as if both the lord chancellor and lord treafurer had come and been prefent at the day and place of adjoura-NoJudgment ment : provided always, that DO judgment Ihall be given m any unitfifttth1 fuch fuit or writ of error, unlefs both the lord chancellor ana the lords be bird treaffrrer .fhall bfe .prefent thereat.	-

prefent.	I1-.	ufnd whereas in the parliament holdcn in the xxviiwar of ike

•7 EL e. «. rti$n of ourmffi gracious fovereign lady the gjyeeris majefiy, pnf att or Jlatufe was made, intituled. An aft for redrefs of erroneous judgments in die court commonly called the King1? bench; by which His.amongfl other things*'enabled,-That where any judgment Jhall at -any time then after be gfotn in the faid. court of Kings bench, in any'fait or attionjf debt, detinue, cavemufc account, action upon the .cafe, ejefti<?ne	or irefpaft, faff 1commenced or

to bejirjl commenced there, other than fuch only where the Queen’s majejtyjhall be party; the party plaintiff or defendant, againft whom any fuch judgment Jhall be given, may at his elettion fue forth out of Ae’court of chancery a fpecial writ of error to be devifed in the feud court of chancery, diretted to the chief jujlice of the Jaid court of Kings

bench

1589*1 •• Anno tricduno priftioELizABjETttiBiG.i. $99.

bench for the time being, commanding him to caufe the faid record, and all things concerning the /aid judgment, to be brought before the juftices of the common bench and the barons of the exchequer, into, the exchequer-chamber, there to be examined, by the faid ju/Hces of the common bench and barons aforefaid. Which faid juftices of the common bench, andfuck barons of the exchequer as are of the dtgj'ee ofthe coif, • '	'

or fix of them ittheleaf, by tfirtue of the fatne eft .jbell thereupon *• have full pouter and authority to examine all fitch errors cfsfixtU be djjigned or found in or upon any fiuh judgment, and thereupon to re-verfe or affirm theftidjudgment, as the loto Jbofl Sequrty, ether than for errors to be mgned or found for or concerning the juriftHftim of the faideourt bf King's bench, or for any want of form in any writ, return, plaint, bill, declaration, or other pleading, proeefs, sterdtH, , • . or proceeding whaifiever: foraftnuch as it doth many times fall act, that the full number if the fold juftices of the common bench and ba-rons of the' excbeqittr, fio authorifed by the faid fititute, fmetimts for want of health1, fotnbtimes throyghotbtr weighty firmefs and eartfft occafions, cannot be frtfent at the 'daps Md times qf tip returns end continuances Of tie fame Writs of error $ andbj tiufmefsbfirabfimeo arid nit ctmtngi tbe faid Writs of etrOr-ttn fitfionttnuid, jsfUce de-'lavedy 'and the- parlies put to begln'rtHv-fidt, totheirgrm. charges 'and prejudice : ffor rtisiedy'thereof, be it alio oaafted "by toe ani-toority afortefafd^ Thift Botn hdAocfotth, tf the "ftfll tmehber iff ^he juftices and -barons authbrite# by toefaada&oomenot at the day or time of fetum or conrtfeMidnee df- any fuch’writ of error. Three jufHee* that it (hall he lawibf fdr-ahythme of-toe laid juftices and ha- and baron* rons, at every of the faid days and times, to receive writs of er- ^Yc^dnw tor, to award procefs thereupon, to make and prefix days from writs of error*, .time andtime-of and for the continuance^ all fuch wits of er- &c. ror as Ihall be ttiere returned, certified or depending. And that the fame (hall be to thefe refpefts as good and available as if all 'thie juftices-and barons authorifed by the fame aft wfcre prefertt.	'	•*

And that the jtrftices and barons authorifed by the ted ftattifie, stray after that proceed in all ibtdfe cafes, in fuch fort to all ha-tents, .as they may do In other cafes mentioned in t he faid fta-■'tute-j any not coming of any the feid juftices or barons nob* withftanding.	‘

III.	Provided neverthelefs. That no judgment ihall be given Judgment

in any fuch fait or error, unlefs it be by fiich full number may be given of. the faid ljuftices and barons as arovn that behalf authorifed by *** juftic^*“ and appointed by the fiud aft. .	and barons.

IV.	Provided blfo, and be it neverthelefs enafted hty the au- The plaintiff thority aforefaid, That the party plaintiff or defendant, againft in error may whom any fuch -judgment h&th been heretofore or hereafter have ins wnt (hall be given-in the faid court of King’s bench, may at his pa^Ument« eleftion Cue intoeingh court of parliament for tbs reverfal of his eleftion. any fuch judgment as heretofore hath been ufual ofaccuftom-

-ed; any thing in this ftatifte,' or in the £ud former aft to the • -	:

contrary thereof notwkhftanding.	it Car. x. c.s.

\

CAP.

40d

ArinO tricefiftfo primo Elizabeth.®.	£ 1589,'

e a p. n.

An ah for abridging of proclamations upon fines to be at the common law.

levied

A fine levied T T 7"HEREAS thefiatute ntadt in the fourth year efKing Henry In the com- • y V the.Seventh hath ordained* Hat every fine te.be levied with Sal" Eepro- proclamations in the Kuifs court, afore bis juftuet efthe .common pleas, fou^ Jbould be'pncMmed in the fame court that term in which it is engrejf-times, viz. ed, and'in three terms then next following* at fear feveral days in every term g^try term? by reqfon whereof they ought to be proclaimed four times once,^ for four -n ne^ fa# feveral terms : and that during the time of pro; 4 H. 7. c. *4. claiming of fitch fines* all pleas flmdd ceafey (2) winch to do accerd-1R.3.C.7. ing to the Jaid fiatute' (tonfidcring the multitudes tf fines new ufiuEy

*	Mar. fiat. s.Jeined) would require fiscteen days in every term; and by reafm of the

*	/oft. 1 many caufes andfiats tn that court, is a far greater trouble than here-

*s S‘ tofore hath been, fo as fcaictly one day in every term can be/paredfer the proclaiming of fines: (3), be it enaded by the authority of this •prefect parliament, That all fines with proclamations, from and after thefeaft of Eafier next entiling, to be levied in the laid court, fhall be proclaimed only four times; that is to lay, once ist.the term wherein' it is erigroded, and once in every of the three terms holden next after the fine ingrafling: (4) and that every fine proclaimed as aforefeid, (hall be of as great force and efitA in law to all intents aiid purpofes, as if the fame bad been fixteen tunes proclaimed according to the ftatutes heretofore . ‘	'	made..

CAP. III.

An ah for'the avoiding of privy and fecret outlavdries of the Queen's fubjefts.

Three procla-TT'OR the avoiding of fecret outlawries in attient .perfonal agasnj mitions Aall X1 the Quwts fwojclis having bteim places of their dwellings, by even^aftion reafm proclamations are made in the county-courts and in quar-periorad, ***" fiffi010* which are places repute from their dwellings, and tberc-wherein any -by they have not any convenient notiu of fetch fiats again/! them : (2) writ of exi- be it enacted and ordained by the authority of this prefcnt pas-awarded*1^ |*amen*> That in every adion perfonal whereiri any writ of exit Eliz. c. 9. iff®1 foail be awarded out of any court, in or after the term of wplthh. lit. Eafier next coming, one writ of proclamation (hall be awarded and made out of the fame court, having day of tefic and return as the faid writ of exigent (hall have, dtreded arid delivered of record to the Iheriff of the county where the defendant at the time .of.the exigent fo awarded dull be dwelling, which writ of proclamation mall contain the effed of the fine action: (3)

. . and that the (heriff of the county unto whom any foch writ of -proclamation (hall be dire&ed, fhall make three proclamations I h. 5. c. 5. in this form following, and not' otherwife; that is to fay, one of the fame proclamations in .die open county-court, ami .one other of the fame proclamations to De made at the general quar-ter-fiKIions of the peace, in thofe parts where the party defendant

1589O Anno tricefimoprinito Elizabeths. c#.	401

dant at the time of the exigent awarded (hall be dwelling, (4) and one other of the fame proclamations to be made one month at the leaft before the qumto exatt. by virtue of the faid writ of exigent, at or near to the moft ufual door of the church or cha- » pel of that town or parifll where the defendant (hall be dwelling at the time of the faid exigent fo awarded ; (5) and if the defendant (hall be dwelling out of any parifh, then in fuch place as aforefaid of the parifll, in the fame county, and next adjoining to the place of the defendant’s dwelling; (6) and upon a Sunday, immediately after divine fervice ana fermon, if any fer- The officer's mon there be; and if no fermon there be, then forthwith after fec *?r th* divine fervice: (7) and that all outlawries had and pronounced writ of pro-after the end of the next Eajier term, and no writs of proclama- damation by tions awarded and returned according to the form of this ftatute, the flat, of (hall be utterly void and of none effedt; and that the officer in * H*s: c- 4* whofe office luch writs of exigent and proclamation (hall be ff* 1 awry* made,, (hall and may take fuch fees as by the ftatute made in The (heriiPs the fixth year of the reign of the late King of famous memory, fee for mak-King Henry the Eighth, is limited and appointed in that behalf, th? Pr°-and no greater fees in any wife; (9) and that the (heriff f°rthe^hurch-^ making of the proclamation at or near to the church or chapel- door, door as is aforefaid, (hall have twelve pence.

II.	And for the avoiding of fecret fummons in real adtions, A proclama-. without convenient notice of the tenants of the freehold, be it tion (hall be of alfo ordained and enadted by the authority of this prefent parli-

ament, That after every fummons upon the land in any real t;on at the * adtion, fourteen days at the leaft before the day of the return church-door, thereof proclamations of the fummons (hall be made on a Sunday in form aforefaid, at or near to the moft ufual door of the churches or chapel of that town or pari(h, where the land whereupon the fummons was made doth lie, and that proclamation fo made as aforefaid, (hall be returned, together with the names of the fummoners : (2) and if fuch fummons (hall not Jones 7. pK6» be proclaimed and returned according to the tenor , and meaning of this adt, then no grand cape to be awarded but alias and pluries fummons, as the caufe (hall require, until a fummons, and proclamation (hall be duly made and returned according to the tenor and meaning of this adt.

III.	And be it further enadted, That before any allowance of The defen-any writ of error, or reverting of any outlawry be had by plea dant upon a or otherwife, through or by want of any proclamation to he ikTS* had or made according to the form of this ftatute, after the bound to an-end of Eajier term next, the defendant and defendants in the fwer the plain-original adtion (hall put in bail, not only to appear and anfwer tiff, and to fa-to the plaintiff in the former fuit, in a new adtion to be com- JJ8*y the con-menced by the faid plaintiff for the caufe mentioned in the firft demnatlon* adtion, but alfo to fatisfy the condemnation, if the plaintiff

(hall begin his fuit, before the end of two terms next after the allowing the writ of error, or otherwife avoiding of the faid outlawry.

Vol. VI.	Dd	CAP.

402

Anno tricefimo primo Elizabeths, c.4,5.	[1589.1

CAP. IV.	I

An a3 againft the imbezelling of armour, habiliments of war and visual.

Imbezelling T)E it enabled by the; authority of this prefent parliament, the Queen’*	jD That if any perfotror perfons having at any time hereafter

mourorviftu- thecJharSe «	of	a?Y	armour,	ordnance, munition, (hot,

ah, to the va- powder or habiliments of war, of the Queen s majefty s, her lue of twenty heirs or fucceflbrs, or of any victuals provided for the victualing tunings, pro- of any foldiers, gunners, mariners or pioneers, lhall for any lucre or gain, or wittingly, advifedly, and of purpofe, to hin-felony.	^cr or impeach her Majefty’s fervice, imbezil, purloin or con-

3 Inft. 79.	vey away any of the fame armour, ordnance, munition, (hot

or powder, habiliments of war, or vi&uals, to the value of twenty (hillings at one or feveral times; that then every fucb 1 offence (hall be judged felony, and the offender or offenders therein to be tried, proceeded on, and fuffer as in cafe of felony.	*

Within what	II. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore-

time ** of- fajd. That none lhall be impeached for any offence againft this M ftatute, unlels the fame impeachment be profecuted or begun within the year next after the offence done: (2) And that this " No corruption aA, nor any thing therein contained, nor any attainder or at-of Mood nor tainders of any perfon or perfons for any offence made felony th«jnh*ri- by this a£t, (hall in any wife extend to or be adjudged, inter-ta nr* of	preted or expounded, to make the offender or dnenders to for-

or dower (or feit or lofe any lands, tenementsor hereditaments any longer than only duringnis or their life or lives, or to make any corruption j 3 intt, 4.7.	of blood to any the heir or heirs of any fuch offender or offen-

ders, or to make the wife of any fuch offender to lofe or forfeit her dower, or title-of dower, of or in any lands, tenementsor hereditaments, or her action or intereft to the fame $ any thing < in this a& contained, or any attainder or attainders hereafter to be had for any offence maae felony by this aft to the contrary The defen- notwithftanding: (3) And that fuch perfon and perfons as lhall dsmt may be impeached for any offence made felony by this eftatute, (hall hLnfjj’^-j°r by virtue of this a<51 be received and admitted to make any law-ax®e* ful proof that he can, bylawful witnefs or otherwife, for his discharge and defence in that behalf; any law to the contrary notwithftanding. Enforced by 22 Car. 2. c. 5.

CAP. V.

An oft concerning informers.

None reftrain- Tj'OR that divefs of the Queen's majefty's fubjetfs be daily toed by order of X1 jujlly vexed and difquieteahy divers common informers upon pe-Oueen’s*ourtsmsljlatutes., notwithftanding any formerftatute that hath beets ben-rnay be an^n- tofirl made againft their diforders\ (2) For remedy whereof, be , former. it ena<fted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That a# I formet ftatutes made for reformation of diforders of fuch common informers, not repealed or altered by this a<5t, (hall be put in diie execution: (3) And that no perfon, other than the party 1

grieved

1589*] Anno tricefimo primo ElizAbeth^e. c.5.	40J

grieved^ after twenty days after the end of this feflion of parliament, (hall be received to inform or fue upon any penal ftatute, 9 that before that time hath been for any mifdethefcnor, by any order of any the Queen’s tnajefty’s courts, ordered not to follow or purfue any fuit upon any penal ftaflfe.

II. And be it further enaftsd by the\ithority aforefaid. That In ;nfortni.J in any declaration or information at any time after twenty days tion upon pe« after the end of this feflion of parliament to be had, brought, nalftatutesthe filed or exhibited, the offence againfl any penal ftatute fhall not c£unj7 where be laid to be done in any other county, but where the contraft, done mu?lbe9 or other matter alledged to be the offence, was in truth done : exprefled, &c. (2) And that every defendant in fuch action or information (hall Many be dif-and lawfully may traverfe and alledge, that the offence fuppofed quieted by by the fame fuit to be committed, was not committed in the	ln"

county where fuch offence is alledged; which being tried for informers re-the defendant, or if the plaintiff be thereupon nonfuit in his ftrained to fue information or fuit, that then the plaintiff fhall be barfed in by order of that action or information j any law or ufe to the contrary not- £^derO So withftanding.	*	Bulftr.’*7s!

The county fhall be exprefled where the offence was done. Cro. El. $4.5, 73^. Cro. Jac* 85, 178. Hob. 184* *51, 327.

III.	Provided always. That this aft, nor any thing herein Officers of re-contained, fhall in any wife extend to any fuch officers of re-

cord, as have in refpeft of their offices heretofore lawfully ufed	by

to exhibit informations, or fue upon penal laws; (2) but that they and every of them may inform and purfue in that behalf, as they might have done before the making of this aft; anything in this aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And provided alfo. That this aft, nor any thing herein Certain offetr-contained, fhall extend to the laying or alledging of any offence ces whereof in any declaration or information, for or concerning any cham- JJJ^b^^ven perty, buying of .titles or extortion, (2) or any offence com- d any^liutty, mitted of to be committed againfl the ftatute made in the fifft 1 El. c. n. year of the Queen’s majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft limiting 1 EL c. so. the times for laying on land merchandize from beyond the feasy and

touching cujloms of fweet wines; (3) and one other aft made in the faid nrft year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft of a 37 H. S. c. 9. fubfidy of tonnage and poundage* or any thing in any of them con-tained; (4) or for the concealing, or defrauding the Queen’s I4>. majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, of any cuftom, tonnage, »’x Jac. 1.0.4,, poundage, fubfidy, impoft or prizage; (5) or for any matter of L corrupt ufury ; (6) or for any offence comprifed in any ftatute made or to be made againfl engroffing, regrating or foreftalling, where the penalty or forfeiture fhall appear to be to the value of twenty pounds or above; (7) but that every fuch offence fhali or may be laid in any county at the pleafure of any fuch informer 5 any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding*.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That within wbat all aftions, fuits, bills, indiftments, or informations, which times fuits after twenty days next after the end of this feflion of parliament qpon p?£»j fhall be had, brought, fued or exhibited, for any forfeiture up- ^

D d 2	on	p

Anno triccfimo primo Elizabeth-®, c.5.	£	15#9.

on any ftatute penal made or to be made, whereby the forfeiture is or (hall be limited to the Queen, her heirs or fucceflors only, (hall be had, brought, fued or exhibited within two yean next after the offence committed or to be committed againft fuch aft penal, and not afte^wo years: (2) And that ail actions, Cro. Jac. (03. fuits, bilk or informatics which after the faid twenty days (hall be had, brought, fued or commenced for any forfeiture upon any .	penal ftatute made or to be made, except the ftatute or tillage,

the benefit and fuit whereof is or (hall be by the faid ftatute limited to the Queen, her heirs or fucceflors, and to any other which (hall prosecute in that behalf,* (hall be had, brought, fued or commenced by any perfon that may lawfully purfue for the fame as aforefaid, within one year next after the offence committed, or to be committed againft the faid ftatute; (3) and in default of fuch purfuit, that then the fame (hall be had, fued, exhibited or brought for the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fuc-ceflors, at any time within two years after that year ended. (4) And if any aftion, fuit, bill, indiftment or information for any offence againft any penal ftatute made or to be made, except the ftatute of tillage, (hall be brought after the time in that behalf before limited, that then the fame (hall be void and of none effeft; any aft or ftatute made to the contrary notwithftanding. Aft tons, m-	„ VI. Provided always. That where any aftion, information,

formations, indiftment or other fuit, is or (hall be limited by any ftatute fome ftaStcs	to	** had, fued, commenced or brought within (horter

to be fued time than is afore rehearfed; that in every fuch cafe, the aftion, within a information, indiftment or other fuit (hall be brought within (horter time, the time limited by fuch eftatute.

A repeal of	VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

the ftatute of That one ftatute made in the feventh year of the reign of the 7 H. s. c. 3. fotc King of famous memory. King Henry the Eighth, con-foraatioitt!" ceming the time of bringing actions or informations upon penal laws, (hall from and after twenty days after the end of this fef-fion of parliament be utterly repealed; (2) and that all fuits from and after the faid twenty days to be purfued upon any ftatute, for ufing any unlawful game, or for not ufing of any law-fill game, (2) or for not having bows and arrows* according to the law, {4; or for ufing any art or myftery in the which the party hath not been brought up according to the ftatute in 5 El. c. 4. that behalf made, (5) (hall be fued andprofecuted in the general Certain ofFen- quarter-feffions of the peace, or a (fifes, of the fame county where - Pa°the We t^lc °ffencc frail be committed, or otherwife inquired of, heard quar- an<* determined in the aflifes, or general quarter-feflions of the ter-fejfions, or peace of the fame county where fuch offence (hall be commit-in aleet. ted, or in the leet within which it (hall happen, and hot in any Kaym. 154. wife out Qf tjle fame county where fuch offence (hall happen or be committed. ;8 EL c. 5. 27 £7. c. 10. 21 Jac. 1. r. 4.

CAP.

1589.] Anno triccfimo primo Elizabeths, c.6.	405

CAP. VI.

An a£l arainfl abu fes in election of fcbohrs, and presentation to benefices.

WH ERE A S by the intent of the founders of colleges, churches Ele&ions, pre-collegiate, churches cathedral, fchools, hofpitals, balls and other fentations, &c. , like Jocieties within this realm, and by the ftatutes and good orders the fame, the elections, prefentatims and nominations of fellows ,fcbo-lars, officers and other perfons, ft few room or place in the fame, are tent of the to be had and made of the fittefi and moft meet perfons, being capable founders. of the fame elections> prefentations and nominations, freely, without	s33#

any reward,	er	Mfc* /*r the fame: And for * Roli.1/^,

true performance whereof fome electors, prejentors and nominators in 236. ’	*

the fame, have or Jbould take a corporal oath to make their elections* * Roll.83,465. prefentations and nominations accordingly \ yet notwithfianding it is feen and found by experience, that the faid elections,prefentations and nominations be many times wrought and brought to pafs with money, gifts and rewards, whereby the fittefi perfons to be elefted, prefented or nominated, wanting money or friends, are feldom or not at all pre* f erred, contrary to the good meaning of the faid foundersy and the faid good ftatutes and ordinances of the faid colleges, churches,fchools, balls, hofpitals and focieties, and to the great prejudice of learning, and the commonwealth and ejlate of the realm:

II.	For remedy whereof be it enafted by the Queen’s moft The forfeiture excellent majefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com- of him who zitons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authori- taketh reward ty of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons, bodies politicly fjj ^l^in01** or corporate, which have election, prefentation or nomination, fellow, fcho-or voice, or a (lent in the choice, election, prefentation or no- lar, &c. into . mination of any fellow, fcholar, or any other perfon to have college, &c. Toom or place in any of the faid churches, colleges, fchools, *	*|**

hofpitals, halls or focieties, fhall at any time after forty days *	*	*

next after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, have. Moor 877, receive or take any money, fee, reward or any other profit, pi. 1*31, diredly or indire&ly, or mail take any promile, agreement, covenant, bond or other afTurance to receive or have any money, fee, reward or any other profit, diredly or indire<5Uy, either to him or themfelves, or to any other of their or any of their friends, for his or their voice or voices, afient or affents, or contents, in electing, chufing, prefenting or nominating any officer, fellow, fcholar, or other perfon, to have any room or place in any of the faid churches, colleges, fchools, halls, hof- Hobf pitals or focieties, that then and from thenceforth the place, *	1

room or office which fuch perfon fb offending (hall then have in any the faid churches, colleges, fchools, halls, hofpitals or focieties, fhall be void : (2) And that then, as well the Queen’s , Cro. 337, majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and every other perfon and March 8^, perfons, their heirs and fucceflors, to whom the prefentation, donation, gift, election, or difpofition fhall of right belong or appertain of any fuch of the faid. rooms or places of the faid perfon offending as aforefaid, fhall or may at their pleafure

• P d 3	elea,

Anno tricefimo primo Euzabpth-sp. •	'	£t ffg.

cleft, prefent, nominate, place or appoint any other peribn or perfons in the room, office or place of fuch perfon or perfons lb offending, as if the faid perfon or perfons fo offending then were naturally dead. ‘ wneor IE. And be itfurther cnafted by the authority aforefeid, That takmgot mo- *nY fellow, officer or fcholar of any the faid churches, colleges, iicy for rcfign- fchools, halls; hofpitals or focieties, or other pcrfon3 having

ing a place in' room or place in any of the fame, (hall at any time hereafter, a college, fo- *•	-*	-	-	-	-

Ciety, Sec,

Hod. 165.

{

direftly or indireftly take or receive, or by any way, device or means, contraft or agree to have or receive any. money, reward or profit wfiatfoever. Tor the leavingor refigning up or the fame his room or place, for any other to be placed in the fame, that then every perfon fo taking or coatrafting, or agreeing to take or have any thing for the feme, (hall forfeit and lofe double the fum of money or value of the thing fo received and taken, or agreed to be received and taken ; and every perfon by-whom or for whom any money, gift or reward a9 atorefaid (hall be given or agreed to be paid, (hall be uncapable of that place or room for that time or turn; (.3) and (hall not be, nor had nor taken to be, a lawful fellow, fcholar or officer of any of the churches, Colleges, halls, hofpitals, fchoois or lbcietie9, or to have fuch room or jplace there; (4) but that they to whom it (hall appertain, <at any time thereafter, (hall and may eleft* chufe, prefent and nominate any other perfon fit to be clefted, pre/ented and nominated into the (aid room or fellowfhip, as if the faid perfon by or for whom any fuch money, gift or reward (hall be given or agreed to be paid, were dead, or had refigned* and left the fame. (5) And for more fincere eleftion, choice, prefenta-tion and nomination of fellows, fcholars, officers and other perfons, to have room or place hereafter in any of the faid churches* colleges, halls, fchools, hofpitals, and other the like focieties;

At evsryclcc- iv. Be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That at tutc ■and the t*me evcrY eleftion, prefentation and nomination ftatutes of the hereafter to be had, as well this prefent aft as the orders and houfe ikall be ftatutes of the fame places eonceming fuch eleftion, prefentation or nomination to be had, (hall then and there be publicMy read, upon pain that every perfon in whom default thereof (haD be, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of fprty pounds;.(2) ail which forfeitures (hall and may be Had and recovered in any her Majefty’s courts of record by any perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, that will fue for the fame, by bill, plaint or aftion of debt, in which noeffoin, proteftion or wager of law (hall be allowed: The one moiety whereof (hall be to him or them that will fue for the fame; the other moiety to the ufe of the faid church, college, hall, hofpital, fchool or fociety where fuch offence (hall be committed. (3) And for the avoiding of fimony and corruption in prefentations, collations and donations of and to benefices, dignities, prebends, and other livings and promotions ecclefiafiical, and in admiffions, inftitutions and induftions to the feme ’

V.	Be

read.

• Who AiaU ' have the forfeitures, and by what Wans.

15S9.} Anno tricefimo primo Elizabeths. C.6.	407

V.	Be it further enaded, by the authority aforefaid, That if The penalty any perfon orperfons, bodies politick and corporate, (hall or do l°r

at any time after the end of forty days next after the end of this for

feflion of parliament, for any fum of money, reward, gift, prefented for

profit or benefit, direClly or indiredly, or for or by reafon of any reward.

promife, agreement, grant, bond, covenant, or other afiurances, C0, Entr> 51*-

of or foranyfum of money, reward, gift, profit or benefit what-

foever, directly or indirectly, prefent or collate any perlon to

any benefice with cure of fouls, dignity, prebend or living ec-

lcfiaftical, or give or beftow the fame, for or in refpeCt of any

fuch corrupt caufe or confideration3 that then every fuch pre-

fentation, collation, gift and bellowing, and every admiffion, .

inftitution, invefture and induction thereupon, fhall be utterly

void, fruftrate arid of none effed in law, (2) and that it fhall 3 Lcv* 337*

and may be lawful to and for the Queen’s majefty, her heirs

and fuccefibrs, to prefent, collate unto, or give or bellow every

Inch benefice, dignity, prebend and living ecclefiaftical for that

one time or turn only 3(3) and that all and every perfon or per-

fons, bodies politick and corporate, that from thenceforth (hall

give or take any fuch fum of monev, reward, gift or benefit,

direClly or indiredly, or that fhall take or make any fuch pro*

mife, grant, bond, covenant or other afiurance, fhall forfeit

and lofe the double value of one year’s profit of every fuch be*

nefice, dignity, prebend and living ecclefiaftical $ (4) and the

perfon fo corruptly taking, procuring, feeking, or accepting any

fuch benefice, dignity, prebend or living, fhall thereupon ana

from thenceforth be adjudged a difabled peafon in law, to have

or enjoy the fame benefice, dignity, prebend or living eede-

fiaftical,

VI.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon fhall at any The penalty

time after forty days next after the end of this feflion of parlia- for prefenting ment, for any fum of money, reward, gift, profit or commo- or collating, dity whatfoever, diredly or indirectly (other than for ufual and	a

lawful fees) or for or by reafon ot any promife, agreement, ^nefice with grant, covenant, bond or other afiurance, of or for any fum of cure for re* money, reward, gift, profit or benefit whatfoever, diredly or ward, indirectly, admit, inftitutse, inftal,' induCt, invert pr place any 4^ perfon in, or to any benefice with cure of fouls, dignity, pre- cro. Jac. 385. bend or other living ecclefiaflical 3 that then every fuch perfon Crp. Car. 339. fo offending fhall forfeit and lofe the double value of one year’s

profit of every fuch benefice, dignity, prebend and living ecclefiaflical ; (2) and that thereupon immediately from and after the invefting, inftallation or induction thereof had, the fame benefice, dignity, prebend and livings ecclefiaflical, fhall beeftfoons	*

merely voia: (3) And that the patron or perfon to whom the advowfon, gift, prefentation or collation fhall by law apper- ' tain, fhall and may by virtue of this aCt prefent or collate unto, give and difpofe of the fame benefice, dignity, prebend or Jiving ecclefiaftical, in fuch fort, to all intents and purpofes, as if the party fo admitted, inftituted, inftalled, inverted, induCted or placed, bad been or were naturally dead.

Dd4

VII. Prp,

Penalties in* fli&ed by the ecclefiaftical law be not

408	Anno	tricefimo primo Elizabeths, c.6.	C1589.

No title to VII. Provided always. That no title to confer or prefent by Upfc butafter kjpfe accrue upon any voidance mentioned in this a<5k, but fix months after iix months next after notice given of fuch voidance, by notice. the ordinary to the patron.

The penalty VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefaid, for corrupt re- That if any incumbent of any benefice with cure of fouls, a/-cfangfne of" t®r t^ie enc* the faid forty clays, do or (hall corruptly refign a benefice with or exchange the fame, or corruptly take for or in refpeft of the cure of folds, refigning or exchanging of the fame, diredly or indirectly, any penfion, fum of money, or benefit whatfoever; that then as well the giver, as the taker of any fuch penfion, fum of money, or other benefit corruptly, (hall lofe double the value of the fum fo given, taken or had 5 (2) the one moiety as well thereof, as of the forfeiture of double value of one year’s profit before-mentioned, to be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccef-fors, and the other moiety to him or them that will file for the fame, by adionof debt, bill or information, in any of herMa-jefty’s courts of record, in which no efloin, protection or wager of law or privilege (hall be admitted or allowed.

IX.	Provided* always. That this ad, or any thing herein contained, (hall not in any wife extend to take away or reftrain i*w uc nui any punilhment, pain or penalty limited, prefcribed or inltituted takeiTaway by ty the laws ecclefiaftical, for any the offences before -in this ad this ftatute. 7 mentioned, but that the fame (Kail remain in force, and may be put ip due execution, as it might be before the making of this ad; this ad or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereQf ip any wife notwithftanding.

The penalty X. Provided further, and be it enaded by the authority afore-for giving or faid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall or do at t^ngfre-e any time after the end of this feffion of parliament, receive or ^^tcrs^or take any money, fee, reward or any other profit, diredly or into give licence redly, or (hall take anypromife, agreement, covenant, bond ' -to preach. or other affurance, to receive or have any money, fee, reward or any other profit, diredly or indiredly, either to him or them-felves'or to any other of their or any of their friends, (all ordinary and lawful fees only excepted) for or to procure the ordaining or making of any minifteror minifters, or giving of any orders, or licepce or licences to preach; that then every perfon and perfons fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of forty pounds of lawful money-of England; (2) and the party fo corruptly ordained or made minifter, or taking orders, lhall forfeit and lpfe the fum pf ten pounds: (3) And if at any time within feven years next after fuch corrupt entring into the minilfey, or receiving pf orders, he fhall accept or take any benefice, living or promotion ecclefiaftical, that then immediately from and after the indudion, inverting or inftallation thereof or thereinto had, the fame benefice, living and promotion ecclefiaftical (hall be eftfoons meerly void; (4) and that the patron or perfon to whom the advowfon, gift, prefentation or collation (hall by law appertain, (hall and may, by virtue of this ad, prefent or collate unto, give and difpofe of the lame benefice,

4*>9

1589-1 Anno trkefitno primo Elizabeths c.7.

nefice, livingor promotion ecclefiaftical, in fueh fort to all intents and purpofes, as if the party fo‘ indudted, inverted or in-{tailed, had been or were naturally dead; any law, ordinance, qualification or difpenfation to the contrary notwithftanding:

{5) The one moiety of all which.forfeitures (hall be to our lb- who (hall vereign lady the Queen, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other have the for-moiety to him or them that will fue for the lame, by adtion <^5*35	'	•

debt, bill, plaint or information, in any. of her majefty’s courts of record, in which no efioin, protection, privilege or wager of law, (hall be admitted or allowed. Co. Lit. 120.4.

* CAP. VIL

An all again ft the ereHing and maintaining of cottages. *

FOR the avoiding of the great inconveniences which are found^^J

by experience to grow by the ereftingand building of great num- buildingji^ bers and multitude of cottages, which are daily more and more en- t ff^racrea creafed in many parts of this realm 5 (2) be it enadted by the of land to it. Queen’s moft excellent majefty, and the lords fpiritual and »nd the like temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-t°LP!aci,?Sor bled, and by the authority of the feme. That after the end of J^a^ng m~ this feflion of parliament, no perfon (hall within this realm of x Bulftr. 264. England make, build or eredt, or caufe to be made, builded or Godbolt 363. eredted, any manner of cottage for habitation or dwelling, nor	'	6

convert or ordain any building or houfing made or hereafter to jjJb. *50. ’ be made, to be ufed as a cottage for habitation or dwelling, un- t Ventr. 107. lefs the feme perfon do affign and lay to the fame cottage or 1 Sid. 359, building four acres of ground at the lead* to be accounted ac- 36°* cording to the ftatute or ordinance de terris menfurandis, being his or her own freehold f and].* inheritance lying near to the* feid *$**** tng. cottage, to be continually occupied and manured therewith, fo long as the feme cottage (hall.be inhabited; (3) upon pain that record,'though e^eiy fuch offender (hall forfeit to our fovereign lady the Queen’s in tbs 'later edL . majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, ten pounds of lawful money ***** u ** [<*•! of England, for every fuch offence.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid. That Cro. Jac. 603. every perfon which after the end of this feflion of parliament (hall willingly uphold, maintain and continue any fuch cottage hereafter to be eredted, converted or ordained for habitation or dwelling, whereunto four acres of ground, as is aforefeid, (hall not be afligned and laid to be ufed and occupied with the feme,

(hall forfeit to our feid fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, her The forfeiture heirs and fucceflors, forty (hillings for every month that any continuing fuch cottage (hall be by him or them upholden, maintained and * new Mm continued. ^	’

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, That whomayhear all juftices of aflizes and juftices of peace in their open feflions, and determine and every lord within the precindt of his leet, and none others, the offences (hall have full power and authority within their feveral limits	*nd

and jurifdidUons, to enquire of, hear and determine all offences

• •	COn-	1 Salk. 195.

4io

Cottage* in cities or market-towns, or for workmen in mineral works, quarries, Sec.

Certain cottages to which this ftatute Ihall not extend.

More families than one may not be placed in one cottage, See.

+3 Eli*, c. f. j.

Anno triceiimo primo Elizabeth^. Cf.7.

contrary to this prefent a&, as well by indidment, as other-wife by prefentthent or information; (2) and to award execution for the levying of, the feveral forfeitures aforefaid by Fieri facias, Elegit, Capias or otherwife, as the caufe (hall require*

IV.	Provided always. That this ftatute, or any thing therein contained, (hall not in any wife be extended to any cottage which (hall be ordained or eredled to or for habitation or dwelling in any city, town corporate, or ancient borough or market-town within this realm, (2) nor to any cottages or buildings which (hall be eredted, ordained or converted to and for the neceflary and convenient habitation or dwelling of any workmen or labourers in any mineral works, coal mines, quarries or delfs of ftone or (late, or in or about the making of brick, tile, lime or coals within this realm; fo as the fame cottages or buildings be not above one mile diftant from the place of the feme mineral or other works, and (hall be ufed only for the habitation and dwelling of the faid workmen ; (3) nor (hall in any fort prejudice, charge or impeach any perfon or perfons for the erecting, maintaining or continuing of any fuch cottages, as are before in this provifo mentioned and fpe-cified.

V.	Provided always. That this ad (hall not extend to any cottage to be made within a mile of the fea, or upon the fide of fuch part of any navigable river where the admiral ought to have jurisdiction, fo long as no other perfon (hall therein inhabit but a feilor, or man of manual occupation to or for making, furni(hing or victualling of any (hip or veffel ufed to ferve on the fea; (2) nor to any cottage to be made in any foreft, chafe, warren or park, fo long as no other perfon (hall therein inhabit but an under-keeper or warrener, for the good keeping of the deer, or other game or warren; (3) nor to any cottage heretofore made, fo long as no other perfon (hall therein inhabit but a common herd-man or (hepherd, for keeping the cattle or (heep of the town, or a poor, lame, lack, aged or impotent perfon; (4) nor to any cottage to be made, which for any juft refped upon complaint to the juftice of aflize at the aiuzes, or to the juftices of peace at the quarter-feiTions, (hall by their order entred in open aflizes or quarter-fefiions, be decreed to continue for habitation, for and during fo long time only as by fuch decree (hall be tolerated and limited.

Vi. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That from and after the feaft of All-Saints next coming there (hall not be any in-mate, or more families or houlholds than one, dwelling or inhabiting in any one cottage* made or to be made or ereCted; (2) upon pain that every owner or occupier of any fuch cottage, placing, or willingly fuffering any fuch inmate, or other family than one, (hall forfeit and lofe to the lord of the leet, within which fuch cottage (hall be, the fum of ten (hillings of lawful money of England tor every month that any fuch inmate, or other family than one, (hall dwell or inhabit in any one cottage as aforefaid: (3) and that all and every lord ana lords of

2	leet

t5&9"3 Anno triccGmo primo Elizabeths, c.8;	411

lcet and leets, and their (towards, within the precindl of his and The penalty their leet and leets, (hall have full power and authority within for receiving their feveral leets to enquire, and to take prefentment by the co^e Entrl oath of jurors, of all and every offence and offences in this be- 665. half; (4) and upon fuch presentment had or made, to levy by diftrefs to the ufe of the lord of the leet all fuch fums of money as fo (hall be forfeited: (5) and moreover, that it (hall be lawful for the lord of every fuch leet where fuch prefentment (hall be made, to recover to hi9 own ufe any fuch forfeiture, by a&ion of debt, in any of the Queen’s majefty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed. .

35 Eliz.c. 6. 43 Etiz. <• 2.

CAP. VIII.

An aSIfor the true gauging of vejfels brought from beyond the feas9 converted by brewers, for the utterance and fait of . ale and beer•

WHERE beer and ale are now very commonly uttered, fold and Veflels

put to fale by the beer-brewers and ale-brewers, as well with- brought from in the city of London as elfewhere within the realm of England, |?cy°nd ^*c in butts, pipes, puncheons, bogjheads, tierces, and fuch other vejfels {^cHnVon-brought from beyond tbefeas, which were never lawfully gaged for don (ball be that purpofe within this realm, to the great lofsaswell of the f^ueerts gauged. highncfsy as of her fubjefls(a) be it therefore enadted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That no brewer (hall after the end of forty days next after the end of this feffion of this prefent parliament, fell, utter or put to fale any beer or ale in any fuch veflel or veffels, within the city of London or fuburbs of the fame, or in any other place or places within two miles compafs without the fame fuburbs, before the fame (hall be lawfully gaged, and the true content of every fuch * veflel fet down upon the lame, by the gallon appointed and allowed for beer and ale, according to that ftandard, by the mailer and wardens of the art or myftery of freemen of the coopers of the city of London, or their deputy or deputies; (3) nor (hall (after ^cffeIsht f the time before limited) fell, utter, or put to fale any beer or ale in any. fuch veflel or veflels, in any other place or places fea toother within the realm of England and Wales, before the fame (hall be parts of the lawfully gaged, and the true content of every fuch veflel fet down upon the fame by the gallon aforefaid, according to the 23 ‘ 'c’ ** ftandard, by fuch as by the ftatutc in that behalf made in the three and twentieth year of the reign of the late King of famous memory King Henry the Eighth, are to have the gaging of barrels, kilderkins and firkins, made for beer or ale to be put in, in fuch other place or places within the realm of England and Wales; (4) upon pain to forfeit ail and every fuch ve(fel or veflels wherein any beer or ale (hall be uttered, (old, or put to fale, contrary to the true meaning hereof, and alfo all the beer or ale which (hall be at the time of fuch uttering felKttg or putting to fale, therein contained, to1 him or them that will feize % the fame ; (5) and upon pain alfo to forfeit for every fuch veflel

wherein

412

dfewhere.

Anno tricefimo primo Elizabeths. c.S. (1589,'

wherein beer or ale (hall be fo uttered, fold or put to fale, ten , (hillings; (6) the one moiety of which forfeitures (hall be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, informationor otherwift, wherein no ellbin,

f>rote&ion, wager of law or injunction (hall be admitted or al-

___________owed for the defendant: (7) and that there (hall be taken for

taken for the the gaging of every fuch veffel, within the city of London and nging in fuburbs of the fame, and in all and every place and places with-London, and ^ tw0 compafs without the fame fuburbs, by the mafter and wardens of the art or myfteiy of freemen of the coopers of the city of London, for every butt one peny, for every pipe one

S, for every puncheon one half-peny, for every hogmead one peny, for every tierce one half-peny; (8) and for every other ve(Tel which (hall at any time (after the time before ex-prefTed) be brought into this realm from any the parts beyond the feas, wherein beer or ale (hall be utterea, fold or put to (ale within the faid city or fuburbs, or any other place or places within two miles compafs without the fame fuburbs, after like rates and no more: (9) and that there (hall be taken for the gaging of every fuch veffel or veffels, in all and every other place and places within the realm of England and Wdlesy by fuch perfon and perfons as by the faid ftatute made in the faia three and twentieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth are appointed for gaging thereof, after fuch like rates as are herein before appointed to be taken for gaging within the city of London and fuburbs of the fame, and in other places within two miles compafs without the fame fuburbs.

II. And it is further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That this a& (hall extend to all and every perion and perfons which (hall ufe or occupy the myftery of brewing, as well Englijb-born as (hangers: (2) and that it (hall be lawful to all and every perfon and perfons which (hall have authority by virtue ot this aft, to gage any veffel or vellels by this a£t meant or intended to be gaged, to retain every veffel which (hall be gaged according to the true meaning of this a&, until the money which (hall be due for the gaging thereof (hall be truly (atisfied and paid.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, That the mafter and wardens of coopers aforefaid, or their fufficient deputy or deputies, within the fpace houfes to gage of eight and forty hours next after any reafonable requeftto veffels. t0 them or any of them made, (hall come to any brewer or brewers houfe, or other place in the faid city 01 London or 1 fuburbs thereof, or two miles diftance of the fame, where their calks (hall be, and there with all reafonable expedition (hall g&ge and mark the fame calks, and every of them; (2) upon pain for every default to forfeit and lofe to the party by or from whom fuch requefts, as aforefaid, (hall be made, the fum of twenty (hillings of lawful money of England, to be had and re-£pyerpd by the faid party againft' the corporation of coopers

aforefaid.

The veffels may be retained until the gaging money be paid.

The wardens of coopers (hall come to the brewers

1589.3	Anno tricefimo primo Elizabeths, c.9.	4*	J

aforefaid, by adion of debt in any of her Majefty’s courts 6f record at Wejiminftery or elfewhere; in which adion ho effoin, protection or wager of law (hall be admitted or allowed.

IV.	Provided alfo. That if any Scottijh man, or any ftranger, Veifels which fhall bring from Scotland, or from beyond the Teas, to the laid (hall be filled brewers, or any of them, any manner of foreign calks, and (hall ^<j>r require to have beer put into the lame, and will tranfport the transported, fame beer from hence, either into Scotland, or over the feas, there to be drunk; That then in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid brewers, or any of them, to fill all fuch calks with beer, at fuch rate and reckoning as he and his merchant can agree, without having the faid calks, or any of them, gaged or marked as is aforefaid, and without incurring any penalty therefore; this ad, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

(2) This ad to continue to the end of the next fellion of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the firjl Jeffion of the next parliament, and farther continuedby 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. IX.

An alt for writs upon proclamations and Exigents to be current within the county palatine of Durham.

WHERE the bijhoprick of Durham /*, and of long time hath beeny an ancient county palatine of it felf in which bijhoprick the Queen's writ hath not, nor yet doth run; Jo that the writ of proclamation awarded upon any Exigent againjt any perfon or perfons inhabiting within the fame county, in any action wherein procefs of outlawry doth lie, according to tbejlatute made in the Jixth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighths cannot be directed to any-fiH.S.c,*. Jheritfy or other officer within the faid bijhoprick, but unto the jheriff of the county next adjoining unto the faid bijhoprick; fo that the party dwelling within the faid bijhoprick, againjl whom any fuch Exigent and proclamation hath been or Jhall be awarded> hath not had, nor hereafter can have, any knowledge of thefame fuit or procefi 5 (2) by reafon whereof many perfons inhabiting within the faid bijhoprick, without knowledge have been outlawed, and hereafter are like to be outlawed in like manner, to their utter undoings, if fome fpeedy remedy' be not the fooner provided:

II. Be it therefore, and for divers other good conliderations, A writ of pro-enaded, ordained and eftablifhed by the authority of this pre- clar^at^ nP“ fent parliament, That whenfoever any writ of Exigent, at any ^n^againft time after the fall day of Abril next coming, (hall be awarded any per(on . at the fuit of our fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, her heirs dwelling in and fucceffofs. Kings or Queens of this realm, or at the fuit pr the biftjoprick fuits of any other perfon or perfons, plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any 0 U1 adion or luit in any of the courts of our faid fovereign Lady, her heirs or fucceffors, Kings and Queens of this realm, commonly called the King’s bench and the commons pleas, againit any perfon or perfons dwelling within the faid bilhoprick; that then immediately upon the awarding of every fuch Exigenty

the

4*4

Anno tncefimo primo Elizabeths, c.£.	f 1589.

the juftice or juftices before whom any filch writ of Exigent upon fuch fuit or adtion (hall be fued, (hall have full power and authority by virtue of this ad, to award one writ of proclamation according to the tenor atid effedt of writs of proclamation awarded upon Exigents, and commonly diredted out of any of the faid courts into London, or into any other (hires of this realm, againft any perfon or perions dwelling in other (hire or (hires of this realm where the Queen's writ doth run, according to the order and form of the faid ad made in the fixth year of the reign of the faid late King, (a) to be direded to the bi(hop of Durham for the time being, and during the Vacation of the bi-(hoprick, then to the chancellor of the laid bifhoprick or county

!>alatine for the time being, where it (hall happen the faid defendant, againft whom any fiich adion (hall be fued as is afore-faid, to be dwelling, and not to the (heriff of any other (hire next adjoining to the faid bifhoprick or county palatine; any law, cuftom or ufage heretofore ufed to the contrary notwith-ftanding: (3) and that every fuch Writ of proclamation fo to be hereafter awarded to fuch bifhop or chancellor of the faid bifhoprick or county palatine, (hall have the fame Tejle and day of return, as the exigents whereupon every fuch writ of proclamation (hall be awarded (hall have: (4) and th^t every The bi(hop’s fiich bifhop or chancellor, to whom any of the faid writ or Se^erifFto wr*ts proclamation (hall be direded, (hall by his or their make procla- mandate direded to the (heriff of the faid county palatine, mation. caufe proclamation to be made of the fame writs or proclamation according to the tenor of the fame, and (hall make true returns of the fame in fuch court and courts, and before fuch juftices, as the tenor of the fame writ and writs of proclamation (hall require and demand: (5) and that all outlawries hereafter to be promulged or pronounced againft any perlon or perions, upon any fuch exigent or exigents, awarded againft any perfon or perfons dwelling within the faid bi(hoprick or county palatin^, and no writs of proclamation awarded in form afore-laid to the bifhop or chancellor aforefaid, where the party defendant (hall be as is aforefaid dwelling, or not returned as aforefaid, to be dearly void, and of nolle effedt nor force in the law. III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, The bifhop of That every bifhop of the faid biftioprick for the time being, Durham (ball an(j during the Vacation tif the faid bifhoprick the chancellor of in the^&ng's^	coUnty	palatine for the time being, (hall have in every

bench «id of the faid courts of the King's bench and common pleas, one common fufficient deputy at the leaft, to receive all fuch writs of pro-Plcw# x damations which (hall be hereafter direded to every fuch bi-*3 H. 6* c. 9. {h0p or chancellor of the faid bifhoprick or county palatine, for * whom the fame deputy or deputies (hall be appointed, in like manner and form, and upon like pains, as by the former fta-„ tutes and laws of this realm, the (heriffs of other (hires or counties within this realm of England be bound to have in either of the fame courts 3 (2) and that all fuch writs of pro-

damatiofi

4 *5

1589 ! Anno trificemo primo Elizabeths, c.9.

damation as aforefaid, (hall be delivered unto every fuch deputy or deputies of record in the fame courts and either of them, and alfo like fees (hall be paid for making of every fuch writ of pro- r clamation, and for enrolling the lame of record, as is limited in the fame ftatute made in the fixth year of the bid King Henty the Eighth.

IV.	And be it further enadted and eftablifhed by the autho- The fbrfei-rity aforefaid. That if any fuch writ or writs of proclamation ture of the hereafter to be diredted to any bilhop or chancellor of the faid *>i(hop or bifhoprick or county palatine, be delivered unto any of the faid tha”dothnot hifhops for the time being, or during the vacation of the faid return the bifhoprick to the chancellor of the faid county palatine for the proclamation, time being, or to his or their deputy or deputies, in manner and

form aforefaid ; the fame bilhop for the time being, (2) or , during the vacation of the faid bifhoprick the faid chancellor of the faid county palatine for the time being, do not make true return of every fuch writ and writs of proclamation to them directed, into fuch court and courts out of which the writ or writs of proclamation lhall be awarded, that for every fuch default of non-retum, every fuch bifhop for the time being, and , during the vacation of the faid fee the faid chancellor for the time being, fo failing to make due return, (hall lofe and forfeit five pounds'; (3) the one half whereof (hall be to the Queen, her heirs and luccefibrs, and the other half thereof to any fuch, perfon or perfons as will fue for the fame, in any adtion of debt to be grounded upon this adt, in any of the Queen’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protedtion or wager of law (hall be allowed or admitted.

V.	Provided always. That this adt, or any thing herein con- a provifion tained, (hall not in any wife extend, or be prejudicial to any for the bilhop bifhop of the faid bifhoprick of Durham, for or concerning fuen °f Durham's* liberties, franchifes or privileges as belong to the fame bifhop’s ,lber~ bifhoprick or fee, or to any minifters or officers of the fame bifhoprick or county palatine, otherwife or in any other manner than by the true meaning of this adt is before provided or

declared; any thing in this ad mentioned to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo. That if any perfon or peefons dwelling To whom within the laid bifhoprick pr county palatine, after the afore- writs lhall tie faid firft day of April\ (hall be outlawed in any fuch fuit or ^refted a. adtion as is aforefaid ; that then all writs of fpecial capias utlaga- feifon out-tum^ fingle capias utlagatum, non moUJlandum, and all other pro- lawed in the cefs, for or againft any perfon or perfons fo outlawed, (hall and faid bilhop-may from henceforth be diredted from time to time to the bi- rick#-fhop of the faid bifhoprick and county palatine for the time being, and during the vacation of the faid fee to the chancellor

there for the time being, who (hall make like writs .and procefs	#

thereupon, and of like effedt, fealed with the foal of their faid. offices, to be diredted to the fheriff of the faid county* palatine for the time being, as heretofore hath been ufed and accuftom-cd in fuch .cafes.	...

VII. Pro-

4i6	Anno tricefimo primo Elizabeths. c.io. [1589,

One only fee VII. Provided alway, and be it further enafted by the au-farthe t2^cn thoritv aforefaid, That upon any writ of proclamation to be damation°" awarded by virtue of this aft, and the mandate thereupon to mandate and be made to the (heriff, and die execution thereof, there (hail execution. be but one only fee taken, received or demanded for the fame by the faid bifhop, chancellor, and (heriff of the faid county palatine for the time being.

CAP. X. .

An ail for the continuance and perfecting of divers flatuses.

tl THERE AS in the firfi fejjionof parliament begun in the city of ax h/s. c. 1*. VV London the third day of November in the one and twentieth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord of famous memory, King Henty the Eighth, and from thence adjourned and prorogued to the palace of Wedminder, an*aft or fiatute was made, intituled. An aft for the true making of cables, halfers and ropes.

Cattle,	II. And where in the parliament bolden upon prorogation at Weft-

94 H. 8. c. 9. minder the fourth day of February in the four and twentieth year of the reign of the faid King, one other aft was then and there made, intituled, An aft againft killing of young beads, called weanlings. Cattle, 3 &4 III. And where in the fejjion of a parliament ended at Weftmin-Ed. 6. c. 19. der the firfi day of February in the fourth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, one aft was made concerning the buying and felling of rother beafls and cattle :

Viftual,	IV/	And	alfo one other aft was then and there likewife made* in-

3	& 4 Ed. 6. tituled. An aft for the buying and felling of butter and cheefe.

V.	And where alfo in the parliament begun at Weftminfter the 1 Elia. c. 17. three and twentieth day of January in the firft . year of the reign of the Queens majefiy that now is, and there'continued by prorogation until the dijfolution thereof one aft was then and there made, intituled. An aft for the preservation of fpawn and fry of fhh.

Husbandry, VI. And where alfo in the firjl fejjion of parliament bolden at ^ 5 El. c. %. Wedminder the twelfth day of January in the fifth year of her Highnefs reign, one aft was then and there made, intituled, An aft for maintenance and increafe of tillage:

Merchants, VII. And one other aft was then there likewife made, intituled,

5	Ekz. c. 7. An aft for the avoiding of divers foreign wares made by handi-craftfmen beyond the feas.

Games,	VIII.	And	where	alfo	in	the	lafi fejjion of the parliament bolden

8	.	c.	10.	jy prorogation at Wedminder the lafi day of September in the

eighth year of her Majefiy*s reign, one aft was then and there made, intituled. An aft for bowyers, and the prices of bows.

Leafes,	IX.	And	where	alfo	in	the	parliament	begun	and bolden at Wed-

s 1 Eliz. c. 10. minder the fecond day of April in the thirteenth year of her Majefiy s reign, there was oni aft and fiatute made for the avoiding of fome leafes in certain cafes to be made of ecclefiafiical promotions with cure, intituled. An aft touching leafes of benefices, and other eede-fiadical livings with cure.

* X. And where alfo there was one other aft andfiatute made in the 13 uz. c.*t. pari\ament begun and bolden at Wedminder the fecond day of ;

April in the faid thirteenth year, intituled, An aft fhat purveyors

may

4*7

1589*1 Anno tricefimo primo Elizabeth-®, c.io.

may take gram, corn or vi&uals withiil five miles of Cambridge . ana Oxford in certain cafes.

XI.	Afid alfo one either aft was then and there made, intituled, An Ufury,

aft agaiftff ufuiy.	*3E1,z*c* *•

XII.	And where in the patlianttnt holden at Weftminfter the 14 Elia. c. iu eighth day of May in the fourteenth year of her Highnefs reign,

there was one other aft made, intituled, An aft for the continuation;

Explanation; perfefting and enlarging of divers ftatutes; in which Jlatute are contained divers branches, claufes and provifions touching and toricerning the explanation, perfefting and enlarging of divers of the ftatutes before mentioned.

XIII.	And where alfoin the firft feffion of the parliament begun Po°r*

and holden at Weftminfter the eighth day of May in the fourteenth *+ Eliz* c* 5* year of the Queen’s higbneft reign that new is, ana from thence continued by prorogation till the dtffblation thereof, there was one other aft made, intituled; An aft for the punilhment of vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor and impotent.

XIV.	Ahd where in the parlidrpent holden at Weftminfter afo^ Poor. faid in the eighteenth year ofh& Majefty’s reign, there was one other ** Elia. c. j. hft made, intituled. An aft for the fetting of the poor oh work*

and for the avoiding of idlenefs:

XV.	And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the Continuance* three and twentieth day of November in the feven and twentieth *7 Elia. c. it. year of her Majefty’sreign, ofie other aft was madefor the reviving, continuant; explanation and perfefting of diversftatutes, in which

are contained divers branches, provifions and claufes touching and con~ terning certain additions and alterations, unto and of divers of the faidformer recitedftatutes; and other new provifions.

XVI.	And where in the faid parliament holden at Weftminfter Enqueft, the three and twentieth day ^November in the feven ahd twentieth 17 c* 1* year of the Queen’s majefty’s reign that now is, there was an aft

madeforthelevyihg of ijJueSloft byjurots.

XVII.	And whereas alfo in the parliament holden at Weftmin- FranchHe* fter the three and tzventieth day of November in the feven and *7 Elia, not twentieth year of the Queen’s majejty’s reign that now is, there was Printed* one other aft made, intituled. An aft for the good government of

the city or borough of Weftminfter.

XVIII.	Forafmuch as the branches? claufes and provifions, con* 1*11© before tained and fpecijied in the faid two afts of continuance, made in the rehearfed 17 fourteenth and feVen and twentieth years of her Majejty’s reign, in statutes than addition, alteration, explanation, perfefting and enlarging of divers tn the end of the faidftatutes, and other ftatutes, and all the refidue of thefaid 0f the next recited afts, do feem good and beneficial to the weal and profit of this parliament. realm; (2) be it enafted. That the faid branches, claufes ahd Exp* provifions of the faid two afts of continuance, and all the

refidue of the faid recited ftatutes and afts and every of them, and all &nd every article, claufe and fentence in them and every of them contained, (hall be continued and endure in full force and effeft until the end of the ne*t parliament next enfuing.

. XIX. And where alfo in the firft feffion of parliament holden at Firti, Weftminfter the twelfth day of January In the faid fifth year of 5 Elia. c. 5. Vol. VI.	Ee	.	her

Anno triceSimo primo Elizabethan c.i if. £ 1589,

her Majefty's reign* one aft was then and there made* intituled* An alt touching certain poKtick. constitutions made for the maintenance of the navy; (2) be it further enabled by the authority of this prefent parliament. That fo much only of the (aid lait mentioned aft, as at this prefent ftandeth in force, and not heretofore at any time repealed, (hall continue and endure in full force and ene&, unto the end of the next parliament next enfuing.

29 Eluc. c. 5. XXT Where in the parliament new kjl paft holden at Weftmin-£	fter, an aft was then made* intituled* An aa for the continuance

and perfecting of divers Statutes 5 in the end of which aft one previjo is contained in tbefe words following* viz>lProvided always* That whereas divers her Majefty's loving fubyefts dwelling in the remote places of this realm are nufoy times matictoufty troubled upon informations and fuits* exhibited in the courts of King's bends* common pleas and exchequer* upon.penal ftatutes* and are drawn up upon pro-cefs out of the countries tifore they dwell* end driven to attend and put in bail* to their great troubles and undoings: (2) for reformatio* whereof* be it enafted* That tf aty perfon or per fans /ball be fued or informed againft* upon any penal law* in any the fiud courts of the King's bench and common pleas* or exchequer* where fucb perfon or perfons are bailable by law* or where by the law or favour of the iourt fitch perfon or perfons may appear by attorney* that in all and every fucb cafe* the perfon or perfons fo to be impleaded orfued* fibould and might at the day and time contained in the firft procefi ferved for ; his appearance* appear by attorney of the fame court where the pro- ' cefs is returnable* to anfwer and defend the fame* and not to be urged •	to perjmal appearance* or to put in bail for the anfwering of fuch fuit->

ofa* eTc^c ar$ Jorfnerlaw'> cuftrn or ufage to the contrary notwitbftanding * (3) touching ap- be it now ena&ed by the authority of this pitfent parliament, pearing by at* That the fame branch of the faid adt (hall extend, and (hail be ■ torneyinfuir* intrepreted, expounded and understood to extend, only to the laws” lhalfex- natural fubiedts bomor to be bom within the dominions of | tend only to*" *he Queens majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and to perfons I natural-born made free denizens, and to no others5 any thing therein con-fubjedts or tained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding, free denizens.	,

CAP. XI.

An aft of explanation or declaration of the Jlatute of odtavo Regis H. 6. concerning forcible entries, the indiftmenU thereupon found.

f H.6. c. 9. TT7HEREAS there is one good aft made and eftablijhed in the VV eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Sixth* againft fitch perfons as Jbould make forcible entry into lands* tenements ad other pojfe/jions* or them Jhoutd forcibly hold; and one very good pro-vifo or claufe in the faid aft contained* as enfneth:

II. Provided always* That they which keep their pojfejfions with force* in any lands and tenements whereof they or their ancefors have continued their pojfejfion in the fame by three years or mere* be not endamaged by force of the fold Jlatute.

m. Ad

X589O Anno tricefxmo primo Elizabeth^. c,i2.	419

III. And whereas divers of the Queen's majeftfs good and living The provifo fubjefls and their awfiars, or tbofe whofe eftafe they have, for many 'b'™ years together, above the fpoca of three years or more, have been in touchingco’j quiet poffeffion of their duMlUng-baufes, and other their lands andpofe tinuance of jeffions; and now of late divers of her Majefifs fid fubje&s, having poffeffions by entries made upon their pqffeffions, having had fitch quiet and long pof-, c!u,yeff!‘ fejfiovyfor difturbing offitch entrert, and for beeping of their poffef-	' 355‘

fin againft fib entrers, by colour of indiflwents of forcible entry, or forcible beeping poffejfm, found againft them, by means of the oaths of fitch entrers, have been removed and put out of their dwelling-boufesf and other their poffeffions which they have qutetfy hold by the fpace of tbreo years together or longer time, next before fitch indiftments found againft them, againft the ’true meaning and intent of the fid provifo or elaufe contained in the find a£i: (2) for remedy of which iricon- No reftitutiori vcniencc, and for true declaration and explanation of the law therein, (3) be it ordained, declared and ena&ed by the autho-jndiaidhath. rity of this prefent parliament. That no reftitutior* upon any in- been three di&ment of forcible entry, or holding with force, be made to years in quiet any perfon or perfons, if foe perfon or perfons fo indited hath P?ff*?°tn> and had the occupation or hath been in quiet poffeffion by the fpace ended. 6 00 of three whole years together next before foe day of fuch indidt- Raym.84, 85* xnent fo found, and bis, her or foeir eftate or eftates therein not Dyer 141. ended or determined} which foe party indidted foall and may	be

alledge for (fay of restitution, and restitution to flay until that g^nft the*' he tried if foe other will deny or traverfe the fame: (5) and if party indift-the Same allegation be tried againft the fame perfon or perfons ed> >f his f*»d fo indi&ed, then the fame perfon or perfons fo indidted to pay ^kg*1*0® b* fuch colts and daipages to the other party, as Shall be afleffed j,°^nd agam“ by the judges or juftices before whom foe fame Shall be tried; the fame cofts and damages to be recovered and levied as is ufual for cofts and damages contained in judgments upon other actions. 5 R. %.fiat. 1. c. 7.	15	R.	2.	t.	2.	4	If.	4. c. 8.

21 foe. 1.1. 15.

CAP. XII.

An aS to avoid borfe-ftealing.

WHEREAS through mofi counties of this realm horfe-fiealihg is Sft

grown fo common, as neither in pafiures or clofes, nor hardly f^rs or mar-infables, thefame are to be in fafety fromfteaUng, which enfueth by kets mult be" the ready buying of the fame by borfe-courfers and others, in feme open known to the fairs or markets far dtftant from the owner, and with fuch fpeed as toll-taker, or the owner cannot by purfuit pofftbly help the fame * (2) and fimdry**™^b“ good ordinances have heretofore been made touching the manner ofx0Uch the" felling and tolling of horfes, mares, geldings and colts in fairs and fale, which markets, which have not wrought fo good effeft for the repreffing or be en-avoidingof horfe-fiealing, as was expected:	HbSrfJfee.

II. Now for a further remedy in that behalf, be it enacted by a&jPh.&M. the authority of this prefent parliament, That no perfon after c.7. twenty days next after the end of this fefiion of parliament, (hall Palmer 4*6, in any fair or market fell, give, exchange or put away any horfe, *' mare, gelding, colt or filly, unlefs the toll-taker there, or {where luW/sqV.

E e 2	no

Anno tricefimo primo Elizabethan t.izV fi5J9,

no tollis paid) the book-keeper, bailiff or the chief officer of the fame fair or market, (hall and will take upon him perfect knowledge of the perfon that fo (hall fell or offer to fell, give or exchange any horfe, mare, gelding, colt or (illy, and of his true chriftianiiame, fumame and place of dwelling or refiancy, and (hall enter all the fame his knowledge into a book there kept for fale of horfes ; (2) or elfe, that he fo felling or offering to fell, give, exchange or put away any horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly, (hall bring unto the toll-taker, or other officer aforefaid, of the fame fair or market, one fufficient and credible perfon that can, (hall or will teftify and declare unto and before (iich toll-taker, book-keeper or other officer. That he knoweth the party that io /elleth, giveth, exchangeth or putteth away fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly, and his true name, furname, myftery and dwelling-place, and there enter or Caufe to be entred In the book of the faid toll-taker or officer, as well the true chriftian name, fumame, myftery and place of dwelling or refiancy of him that fo felleth, giveth, exchangeth or putteth away fueh horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly, as of him that fo (hall teftify or »--	avouch his knowledge of the fame perfon; (3) and (hall aHb

be entred in- cau^e to ^ €ntrc^ the very true price or value that he (hall have to the toller's	for the fame horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly fo fold: (4) and

book.	that nd perfon (hall take upon him to avouch, teftify or declare.

That he knoweth the party that fo (hall offer to fell, give* exchange or put away any fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly, unlefe he do indeed truly know the fame party, and (ball truly declare to the toll-taker or other officer aforefaid, as well the chriftian name* furname, myftery and place of dwelling and re-fiancy of himfelf, as of him of and for whom he maketh fuch teftimony and avouchment: (5) and that no toll-taker or other perfon keeping any book of entry of Tales of horfes in fairs or markets, fhall take or receive any toll, or make entry of any ' fale, gift, exchange, or putting away of any horfe, majre, gelding, colt or filly, unlefs he knoweth the party that ’ fo felleth, giveth, exchangeth or putteth away any fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly, and his true chriftian name, fumame, myftery and place of his dwelling or refiancy, or the party that (hall and will teftify and avouch his knowledge of the fame perfon fo felling, giving, exchanging or putting away fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly, and his true chriftiair name, furname, myftery and place ot dwelling or refiancy, and (hall make a perfect entry into the faid book, of fuch his knowledge of the perfon, and of the name, fumame, myftery and place of the dwelling or refiancy of the fame perfon, and alfb the true price or value that (hall be bona fide taken or had for any fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly fo fold, given, exchanged or put away, 16 for as he can underftand the fame, (6) and then give to the party fo buying or taking by gift, exchange or otherwife, A note In' fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly, requiring and paying < writing than two pence for the feme, a true andperfe£t note in writing of au th/buye/0 t^lc ^ contents of the fame, fobferibed with his hand > (7) on 1	pain

A fufficient and credible perfon fhall avouch the horfe feller.

’the price of

1-589O AhhO tricefimo primo 6i.iZABETH.ffi. C.12I	'421'

pain that every perfon that fo (hall fell, give, exchange or put The penalty away any horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly, without being known of the perfon to the toll-taker or other officer aforefaid, or without bringing fuch a voucher or witnefs, caufing the fame to be entred as afore- ^Iteaforelaid, laid, and every perlbn making any untrue teftimony or avouch- 1 Lutw. 197, ment in the behalf aforefaid, and every toll-taker, book-keeper or other officer of fair or market aforefaid, offending in the premises contrary to Hie true meaning aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch default the firm of five pounds; (8) but alfo that Every foie every fide, gift, exchange or other putting away of any horfe, ©therwife mare, gelding, colt, fifty, in fair or market, not ufed in all m?je ** points according to the true meaning aforefaid, (hall be void ; T0> *

(9) the one half of all which forfeitures to be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other half to him or them that will fue for the fame before the juftices of peace, or in any of her Majefty’s ordinary courts of record, by bill, plaint, a&ion of debt or information > in which no efloin or protection fhall be allowed.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That the juftices of peace of The julticesof every place and county, as well within liberties as without,

fhall have authority in their feflions, within the limits of their termine the* authority, and commiffion, to enquire, hear and determine all offences aforj-oifences againft this ftatute, as they may do any other matter faid, triable before' them.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That if any horfe, mare, gelding, colt Or filly, after twenty days next enfuing the end of this femon of parliament, fhall be ftoln and after fhall be fold in' open fair or market, and the fame fide fhall be ufed.in all points and circumftances as aforefaid, that yet nevertheless the Sale of ' any fuch horfe, mare, gelding, edit or filly, within fix months next after the felony done, mall not take away the property of. the owner from whom the fame was ftoln, fo as claim be made within fix months by the party from whom the fame was ftoln, or by his .executors or admininrators, or by any other by any of their appointment, at or in the town or parifh where tne fame horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly (hall be found, before the mayor or other head officer of the fame town or parifh, if the fame horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly fhall happen to be found in any town corporate or market-town, or elfe before any juftice of peace of that county near to the place where fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt or fijly (hall be found, if it be out of a town corporate or market-town; (2) and fo as proof be made within forty days then next enfuing by two fufficient witneffes, to be produced and depofed before fuch head officer or juftice,

(who by virtue of this aft fhall have authority to minifter an oath in that behalf) that the property of the fame horfe, mare, gelding, colt or filly fo claimed, was in the party, by or from whom fuch claim is made, and was ftoln from him within .fix months next before fuch claim of any fuch horfe, gelding* mart, colt or filly; (3) but that the party from whom the faid horfe, piare, gelding, colt or filly was ftoln, his executors or admi-

E e 3	Riftrafors

4iz Anno tricefiino primo Elizabeths, c.13,—16~ [1589.

niftrators (hall and may at all times after* notwithftanding any fuch fale or (ales in any fair or open market thereof made, have The owner property and pbwer to nave* take again and enjoy the (aid horfe, mriedeem a mare? gelding, colt or filly, upon payment or readsnefs, or offer from him*1 to P*Yit0 the party that (hall have the poffeffion and intereft of within fix the £nne horfe, mare, gelding* colt or filly, if he Will receive months after, and accept it, fo much money as the fame party (hall depofe and paying the fyreaar before fuch head officer or juftice of peace, (who by vir-tue of this a<ft (hall have authority to fffinifter and give an oath in that behalf) that he paid for the fame Unafok, without fraud or collufion; any JaW, ftatute or other thing to the contrary thereof m any Wife notwithftanding.

An acccffary V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, to a horfe- That after twenty days after the end of this feffion of parlia-fiealer (hall ment, not only all acceffaries before fiich felony done* bit al(o clergy.VC *** acceffaries after fuch felony, (hall be deprived and put from 1 E.6. c. ix. all benefit of their clergy, afc the principal py ftatute heretofore * & 3 E. d. made is or ought to be.

fcap. xin,

The ftatute of 23 gliz. c, 6. touching the repair of Dover haven, (hall be revived and continued for feveii years. Every cuftomei* and officer (hall be anfwerable for the Wilful default and ncglett of his deputy, fo far as by the fame ftatute be was for his own. EXP. 35 £tiq. c. 7. 43 Rlix. c. $. s Jac. 1. r. 32.

CAP. XIV.

A confirmation of two fubfidies of fix (hillings in the pbund, granted to * 'the Queen by thre clergy, tb be pkid yearly by t#6 ‘filling* in the pound . EXP.

CAP. XV.

A confirmation t>f two fubfidies and four fifteenths grafted to the Queq , by thh teiftpOraky. EXP.

CAP. XVI.

A confirmation by fcariiarftehf 6f the Qjreen’S general and free phixftm.

Anno tricefimo quinto Regina Elizabeths,

A TtheparliamentbegutiakdboldenatWeftminfterthenint-XTL teentb day of February in thefive and thirtieth year of the feign of Q.ur mgfi gracious fovereign lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, ’France and Ireland, Queen, defender of the faith, &c. And there continued until the dif-folution thereof, being the tenth of April; to tie high pieafure of Almighty God, and weal fublick of this realm, wer e ena bled as followeth.

.... * - '	  CAP.

1593 ] Anno tricefimo quinta Elizabeth.*, c.i."	423

CAP. I.

An aSl to retain the Queen's majefly's fubje&s in their due

obedience.

FQR the preventing and avoidings/fucb great inconveniencies Puniftmentof andpeHh as tnigbt happen and grow by the wicked and dange- perfons obfti-rsUfS praftlfes qf flaftioits jeilaries and difloyalperfons-, (2) be it nately refuf-ena^tqd by tb# Oyseii’s mod excelled majedy, and by the *"8 t° come to ! loncfo lpiritygl -fipd temporal, and the commons, in this prefent ^rfuading parliament affombled, and by the authority of the fame. That others to ?m-if nr>y perfon or perfoBS above tjie age of fifteen years, which pugn the fhall obftiqately rcfufoto repair to fome church, chapel or ufual 2^““ ®au' place of common prayer, ,tp hear divine fervice edablifhed by clefiaf&cjd^* her Majefty’s laws and datutes in that behalf made, and (hall caufes. forbear to do the fame by the fpace of a month next after, without any lawful csufo, fhall at any time after forty days next af-tgr the end qf this feflion of parliament, by printing, writing, cur ejrprefs weeds or fppeches, advifedly or purpofely pra&ife or go about to move or perfoade any of. her Majedy’s fubje&s, or suiy other within, hor ffighnefs realms or dominions, to deny, with^and and impugn her Majeffy’s power and authority in cafes e?clefiad#tai, united and afinejced to-the imperial crown of fois realms (3) or to that end or, purpofe fhall advifedly and malicjouily move, or persuade any other perfon whatfoever to forbear or abdain from coming to church to hear divine fervice, pr to receive the communion according to her Majedy’s laws and datutes aforefaid, or .to come to or be prefent at any un-lgwfot, aflemblies, -oonyentides or meetings, under colour or pretence pf any exercife of religion, contrary to her Majedy’s > faM'.laws and .ftatutes: (4) or if any perfon or perfons which Alteredty fhall obftinately refufe to repair to fome church, chapel or 1W. & M. ufoal pface of common prayer, and {hall forbear by the fpace ofM- *•c- »*• a monfh to hear .divine fervice, as is aforefaid, fhall after the Olid forty days,, either of him or themfelves, or by the motion, perfuadon, enticement or allurement of any other, willingly join, in, or be. prbfeot at, any fuch affemblies, conventicles or meetings, under, colour or pretence of any fuch exercife of religion, contrary to the laws and datutes of this realm, as is a-forefaid; (3) that then every fuch perfon fo offending as afore- The penalty faid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, fhall be committed for being pre-to prifon, there to remain without bail or mainprife, until they futconventU* fhall conform and yield themfelves to come to fome church, cles for red-chapel or ufual place of common prayer, and hear divine fer- gion., vice, according to her Majedy’s laws and datutes aforefaid, and to make fuch open fubmifnon and declaration of their faid conformity, as hereafter in this a£t is declared and appointed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the autho- An offender rity aforefaid. That if any fuch perfon or perfons, which fhall Pot Offend againft this aft as aforefaid, fhall not within three }j|fu abjure

£ e 4	months	the realm.

\

4*4

The punifh-jrient for re-fufmg to abjure, not departing, or returning without licence.

An offender (hall be dif-charged upon )iis open fub-m iflion.

Latch 16.

Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeths, c. i.	£ i593.

months next after they ihall be convilled of their faid offence, conform themfejves to the obedience of the laws and ftatutes of this realm, in coming to the church to hear divine fervice, and in making fuch publick confefiion and fubmilBon, as hereafter in this alt is appointed and exprefled, being thereunto required by the bifhop of the diocefe, or anyjuftice of the peace of the county where the fame perfon (hair happen to be, or by the minifter or curate of the pari(h 5 that in every fuch cafe every fuch offender, being thereunto warned or required by

Suffice of the peace ofme fame county where fuch offender then be, lhall upon his and their corporal oath before the juftices of the peace in the open quarter-fcflions of the fame county, or at the affizes and gaol-delivery of the fame county, before tfle juftices of the fame affizes and gaol-delivery, abjure this realm of England, arid all other the Queen’s majefty’s dominions for ever, unlefs hef Majefty fhall licenfe the party to return; (2) and thereupon (hall depart out of this realm at fiich haven or port, and within fuch time, as fhall in that behalf be affigried and appointed by the (aid juftices before whom fuch ab-juratibn fhall' be made, unlefs the fame offender be letted or flayed by fuch lawful and reasonable means or caufes, as by the common laws of this realm are permitted aridallowed in cafes of abjuration for felony; and in fuch cafes‘of'let or flay, then within fuch reafonable and convenient time After, as the common law requireth in cafe of abjuration for felony, as is afore-laid: (3) and that the juftices of peace before wnom any fuch abjuration fhall happen to be made, as is aforefaid, (hall caufe the fame prefently to be entted of record before thbm? and lhall certify the fame to the juftices of affizes a rid gaolfdelivery of the faid county, at the next affizes or gaol-delivery to be holden in the fame county.	'

' III. Arid if any fuch offender, which by the tenor and intent 6f this all i6 to be abjured as-is aforefaid,' fhaU reftafe to make’ fuch abjuration as is aforefaid, of‘after fuch abjuration made, (hall not go to fuch haven, and within fuch time as is before appointed, and from therice depart otitof this realm, according to this prlfent all,r or after fuch his departure fhall retumor come again irito any hef M&jefty’s realms or dominions, without her Majefty’s fpecial Kcerice in that behalffirft bad and obtained; that then'in every foch cafe the perfon lb offending (hall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer as in cafe of felony, without benefit of'cler^y.

IV. And furthermore be it enalled by the authority of this prefent parliament. That if any perfon or perfons that fhall at toy time hereafter offend againfl: this all, (hall before he or they be fo warned 6r required to' make abjuration according to the tenor of this all, repair to fqme parifh church on fome Sunday or other ftftiv’al day, arid then and (here hear divine fervice, and at fervice-rime, before the fermon, or reading of the gofpel, make publick and open fohmiflion and declaration of his and :theit Conformity to her Majefty’s laws and ilatutes, as hereafter in this

’	'	.	'all



4*5

a 593*3 Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeth®, c. t.

a£fc is declared and appointed; that then the fame offender fhall thereupon be clearly difcharged of and from ail and every the penalties and puniihments inflidled or impofed by this a& for any of the offences aforefaid. The fame fubmiffion to be made as hereafter followeth; that is to fay,

V.	I A.B. ,do humbly confefs ana acknowledge, That I ftave The form of grievoully offended Goa in contemning her Majefty*$ godly and the fubmif-lawful government and authority, by abfenting my felf from fion# church, and from hearing divine fervice, contrary to the godly laws and ftatutes of this realm, and in ufing and frequenting dil- • ordered and unlawful conventicles and aflemblies, under pretence and colour of exprcife of religion: (2) and I am heartily lorry for the fame, and do acknowledge and teftify in my confidence that no other perfon hath or ought tohave any power or authority over her Majefty: (3) and I do promile and proteft, without any diffimulation, or any colour or means of any difpenfation.

That from henceforth I will from time to time obey and perform her Majefty’s laws and ftatutes, in repairing to the church and hearing; divine fervice, and do my uttermoft endeavour to maintain and defend the lame.

Vt. And that every minifter or curate of every parilh where The nunifter * fuch fubmiffion and declaration of conformity (hall hereafter be (hall enter the Yd made by any fuch offender as aforefaid, mall prefendy enter	hi

the fame into a book to be kept in every parilh for that pur- a b00k* pofe, and within ten days next following mall certify the fame, in writing to the bilhop of the fame diocefe.

VII.	Provided neverthelefc, That if any fuch offender, after The offender

fhdh fubmiffion made as is aforefaid, lhall afterwards fall into^Jj^^ff* Telapfe, or eftfoons obftinately refufe to repair to fome church,	*

chapel or ufual place of common prayer, to hear divine fervice, *

and lhall forbear the fame a? aforefaia, or lhall come or be pre-

fent at any fuch aflembilies, conventicles or meetings,- under co- - - , • ^

lour or pretence of any exercife of religion, contrary to her Ma-

iefty’s laws anid ftatutes ; that then every fuch offender lhall lofe

all luch benefit as he or fhe might otherwife by virtue of this a A

have or enjoy by reafon of their faid fubmiffion, and lhall there- . .

upon Hand and remain in fuch plight, condition and degree, to

atfintents as though fuch fubmiffion had never been made.

VIII.	And for that every perfon having houfe and family* is in The forfei-

duty bound to have fpecial regard to the good government and ordering Jure foir the

of the fame; Be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if*e?pi?£ar?7./ J J r y * /i n /	.	J	~	9	.	cufantin one s

any perfon or perfons lhall at any time hereafter relieve, mam- koufc aftcr

tain, retain or keep in his or their houfe or otherwife, any per- notice.

fon which lhall obftinately refufe to come to fome church, Repealed by

chapel or ufual place of common prayer, to hear divine fervice,

and (hall forbear the fame by the (pace of a month together, Jp£rijk»srt*

contrary to the laws and ftatutes of this realm; that then every Idtmg hereto*

perfon which lhall fo relieve, maintain, retain or keep any fuch/ 3*-

perfon offending as aforefaid, after notice thereof to him or

jhem given by the ordinary of the diocefe, any juftice of affizes

pf the circuit, or any juftice of peace of the county, or the mi#

*	njftcrj

42 6

Wbat fiartof

recufants may bejcrpt, &c. repeated iy iJac. I. c. As /»•

TheQo ten's remedy to recover forfeitures, &c.

EUz. c. x.

In what man* ner one part of the penalties (hall be imploded.

99 Eliz. c. 6«

Popifli recu-fantf*. ■ Femflropwert,

Thg forfeiture of him wlVo abjujreth orre-fufefh to ab-

The wife (hall lofe no dower, nor the heir any land for thefe offen-ges.

Anno trjeefimo quinto EuzABKTjizp. c.i. £1593.

niftcr, curate or church-wardens of the partth where fuch per-(on (hall then be, or by any of them, (halj forfeit to the Queen’s mqjcfty for every perfon fp relieved, maintained, retained or kept, after foch notice as aforefaid, ten pounds for every month that he or they (hall fo relieve, maintain, retain or keep any fuch- perfon fo offending.

IX.	Provided nevertbelefs, That this aft (hal) not in any wife extend to punifo or impeach any perfon or perfons for relieving, maintaining or keeping his or their wife, father, mother, child or children, wards, brother or fitter, or hiswife’s father qr mother,.not having any certain place of habitation of thejur own, or the husbands or wives of any of them ; or for relieving, maintaining or keeping any fhch perfon as (hall be committed by authority to the cuftody of any by whpin tbey (hall be fo relieved, maintained or kept} any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwitbftandmg...

X- And for foe more lpeedy levying and recovering, for and by the Qpeen’s majefty, of afl and fingular the pains, duties, forfeitures and payments which at any time hereafter (hall accrue, grow or be payable by virtue of this aft, orof the (Ur turn wade in. foe three and twentieth year of her Matty’s reign concerning recufsnts; (a) be it enafted by the authority afore* feid, .That all and every foe (aid pains, duties, forfeitures and payments, (hall and may he recovered and levied to her Mar Jtfkfs foe, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, ■ information or otherwise, in any of the courts commonly called the Xing's bench, common pleas or exchequer, in fuch fort, and in all refoefts, as by the ordinary courfe of the common laws of this realm (my other debt foic -by any fitch perfon fo any other cafe footdd or may be recovered .or levied, wherein no eflfon, Pr<>r foftfon or wager of few (hall he admitted or allowed.

2X .Provided always, That the third part of the penalties to be bad or Deceived by virtue of this aft, (hall be employed and bellowed to fuch good and charitable ufes, and in foch manner and fown, as is limited and appointed in the ttatute made in the twenty-ejghth year of hff IVUjefty’s reign touching cecufimts. 11C0.57. •

XII.	Prowled (dfo. That no popifh recufant, or feme covert; (hall be compelled or bound to abjure by virtue of this aft.

XIII.	Provided ajfo, That every perfon that (hall abjure by

force of foie aft, or refofe to abjure, bring thereunto required as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe to her Majetty all his goods and chattels for ever} {%) and (hall further lofe all his lands, tenements and hereditaments, for and during the life only of fuch offender, and no longer; (3) and that the wife of any offender, by force of this aft, mall not lofe her dower: nor that any corruption of blood (hall grow or be by reafon of any offence mentioned in this aft; but that the heir of every fuch offender, by force of this sdi, (hall and may, after the death pf every offender, have and enjoy the lands, tenements and .	'	here*

1593-] Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeths, c.2.	427

hereditaments of fuch offender, as if this aft had not been ' made: (4) and this aft to continue no longer than to the end of the next feffion of parliament. Continued by 3 Gar. 1. c. 4. as. to fo much of it as bath not been repealed by any other ftatute9 and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. IL

An aft far refraining popifk recufdnts to fome certain places

of abode.

FOR the better dijcovering and avoiding offuch traitorous ^Penalty of a moft dangerous cohfpiracies and attempts as are daily devifei and convitfed po-praftifed againft our moft gracious fevereign lady the £>ueenys majefty Removing and toe happy eftate of this common weal9 by fundry wicked and Jedi- bovefivemiies tious perfonSj who terming themfehes catholicks9 and being indeed from his Jpies and intelligencers9 not only for her Mai eftfs foreign enemiet9 houfe. Where but alfo for rebellious and traiterous fubjefts bom within her High- h^neno nefs realms and dominions9 and hiding their moft deteftdble and devi- houfe (hall UJh purpofes under a falfe pretext of religion and conJcience9 do fecretly make his a-wander and Jhift from place to place within this realm9 to corrupt W*? and feduce her Majefty9s fubjefts9 and to ftir them to fedition and	mi.

rebellion:	9	*

. II. Be it ordained and enafted by our fovereign lady the Queen’s majefty, and the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every perfon above the age of fixteea years, bom within any of the Queen’s majefty’s realms and dominions, or made denizen, being a popilh recufant, and before the end pf this feffion of parliament convifted for not repairing, to fome church, chapel or ufual place of common prayer, to, hear divine fervioe there, but forbearing the fame, contrary to, the tenor of the laws and ftatutes heretofore made and provided in that behalf, and having any certain place of dwelling and abode within this realm, (hall within forty days next after the end of this feffion pf parliament (if they be within this real hi, and not reftrained or ftayed either by impriTonment, or by her Majefty’s commandment, or by order and direftion of ibme fix or more of the privy council, or by fuch ficknefs and infirmity of body, as they lhall not be able to travel without imminent danger of life, and in fuch cafes of abfence out of the realm, reftraint or ftay, then within twenty days next after they lhall return into the realm, and be enlarged of fuch imprifomnent or reftraint, and lhall be able to travel) repair to their place of dwelling where they ufually heretofore made their common -abode, and (hall not at any time after pafs or remove above five miles from thence.

III. And alfo that every perfon being above the age q{ fix- Recqfants teen years, born within any her Majefty’s realms or dominions, that lhall be or made denizen, and having, or which hereafter lhall have, hereafter fliall any certain place of dwelling and abode within this realm, repair to their which being then a popilh recufant, lhall at any time hereafter ufualdwolling. be lawfully convifted for not repairing to fome church, chapel

1	or

4*8	AnnotriccfimoquintoExiZABETH^.	c.27	f1593;

or ufual place of common prayer to hear divine fervice there, • but forbearing the fame contrary to the faid laws and fiaffutes, and being within this realm at the time that they (half be convi&ed, fhall within forty days next after the lame con-- vidtion (if they be not retrained or flayed by imprifomnent or otherwife, as is aforefaid, and in fuch cafes of reftnunt and flay, then within twenty days next after they (hall be enlarged of fuch imprifonment or reftraint, and (hall be able to travel) repair to their place of ufual dwelling and abode, and (hall not penalty at any time after pafs or remove above five miles from thence; (2) of ^offender, upon pain that every perfon and perfons that fhall offend a-gainft the tenor and intent of this a£t in any thing before-men-tioned, fhall lofe and forfeit all his and their goods and chat-t^s, and fhall alfo lofe and forfeit to the Queen's majefty all the lands, tenements and hereditaments, and all the rents and annuities of every fuch perfon fo doing or offending, during the life of the fame offender.

What a recu- IV. And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That h**5^1do .^*>7 perfon above the age of fixteeii years, born within any SacJdfa?9 her Majefty’s realms or dominions, not having any certain typde, ? place 0{ dwelling and abojde within this realm, and being a popiffr recufant, not ufually repairing to fome church, chapel or ufual place of common prayer, but forbearing the fame contrary to the fame laws and ftatutes in that behalf made, fhall within forty days next after the end of this feffion of parliament (if they be then within this realm, and not imprifoned, reftrain-ed or flayed as aforefaid, and in fuch cafe of abfence out of the realm, imprifonment, reftraint or flay, then within twenty days next after they mall return into the realm, and be enlarged of fuch imprifonment or reftraijit, and fhall be able to travel) repair to the place where fuch perfon was bom, or jvhere the father or mother of fuch perfon (hall then be dwell-The forfeiture big, and fhall not at any timp after remove or pafs above five of a recufant miles from thence; (2) upon pain that every perfon and per-removing a- fops which fhall offend againft thf tenor ana intent of this a<ft from bhmiiC*jn any thing before mentioned, fhall lofe and forfeit all his and place of a- their goods and chattels, and fhall alfo forfeit to the Queen's ma-bode. jefty all thp lands, tenements and hereditaments, and all the rents and annuities of every fuch perfon fo doing or offending, during the life of the fame perfon.	'

A recufant V. And be it, further enabled by the authority aforefaid, .copyholder That every, fuch offender as is before mentioned, which hath mSe^rom1hisor have any lands, tenements or hereditaments, by' copy place of abode.	court-roll; or by any other cuftomary tenure at the will of

• y	the	lord, according to the cuftom of any manor, fhall forfeit all

and Angular his and their faid lands, tenements and hereditaments fo holden by copy of cpurt-roll or cuftomary tenure, as aforefaid, for and during the iife of fuch offender (if his or her eftate fo long continue) to the lord or lords of whom the fame bt immediately holden, if the fame lord or lords be not then a popifh recufant, and conviefted for not coming to church to War divine fervice, but forbearing the fame contrary to the * .	laws

4*9

*593*1 Anno tricefimo qtilrito Ei.iZABETri^®.' C.£

laws and ftatutes aforefaid, nor fcifed or poflefled upon truft, to the ufe or behoof of any fuch recufant as aforefaid, and in fuch cafe the fame forfeiture to be to the Queen’s ma-

*%

T\. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch perfons as by the intent and true meaning of this aft are to make their repair to their place of dwelling and abode, or to the place where they were bom, or where their father or mother mall be dwelling, and not to remove or pafs above five miles from thence as is aforefaid, Ihall within twenty days next after their coming to any of the faid places (as the cafe ihall happen) notify their coming thither, and prefent themfelves, and deliver their true names in writing, to the minifter or curate of the#fame parifh, and to the conftable, headborough or tithingman of the town, and thereupon the faid minifter or curate ihall prefently enter the fame into a book to be kept in every parifh for that purpofe.

VII.	And afterward the faid minifter or curate, and the faid conftable, headborough or tithingman, ihall certify the lame in writing to the juftices of the peace of the lame county at the next general or quarter-feflions to be holden in the fame county, and me faid juftices ihall caufe the fame to be entred by the clerk of the peace in the rolls of the fame feflions.

VIII.	And to the end that the realm benot pejlered and overcharged with the multitude of fuch /editions and dangerous people as is aforefaid, who having little or no ability to anjwer or fatisfy any competent penalty for their contempt and difobedience of the faid laws and fiatuteiy and being committed to prifon for the Jame^ do live for the mojl part in better cafe there, than they could if they were abroad at their own liberty ; (2) the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, do mod humbly and inftantly befeech the Queen’s majefty, that it may be further enafted, That if any fuch perfon or perfons, being a popifh recufant (not being a feme covert, and not having lands, tenements, rents or annuities, of an abfolute eftate of inheritance or freehold, of the clear yearly value of twenty marks, above all charges, to their own ufe and behoof, and not upon any fecret truft or confidence for any other, or goods and chattels in their own right, and to their own proper ufe and behoof, and not upon any fuch fecret truft and confidence for any other, above the value of forty pounds) ihall not within the time before in this aft in that behalf limited and appointed, impair to their place of ufual dwelling and abode, if they have any, or elfe to the place where they were bom, or where thdir father or mother ihall be dwelling, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aft; and thereupon notify their coming, and prefent themfelves, and deliver their true names in writing to the minifter or curate of the parifti, and to the conftable, headborough or tithingman of the town, within fuch time, and in filch manner and form as is aforefaid; or at any time after fuch

6	their

Recufant*

(hall notify their living, and deliver their names to the curate.

Recufants a names certified to the juftices.

The penalty of a recufant of fmall ability not repairing to the place appointed, or departing thence.

Recufants ab juring and departing the realm.

Entering abjuration of re-cord, and certifying the fame.

It (hall be felony for a re* cufent not to abjure, not going, or returning without licence.

A jefuit or pneft refuting toanfwer fliall be imprisoned, i Salk. 351.

Anno tricefimo qtfinfo Eli&aBETHJSE. C,Z, [1591*

their repairing to any fuch place as is before appointed, (hall pafs or remove above five miles fhxn the fame; (3) aad fhall not within time months next after fuch perfon fhall be apprehended or taken for offending as is aforefaid, conform themfelves to the obedience of the laws and ftatutes of this realm, io coining nfiiaily to the church to hear divine fervice, and in making fiich publick confeffion and fobouffion, as hereafter in this su9t is appointed andatprefled, being thereunto required by the bifliop of the diocefe, or any jufisce of the peace of the county where the fame perfon (hall happen to be, or by the minifter or curate of tiic parifh; (4) that in every fuch cafe every fuch offender, being thereunto warned or required by any two juftices of the peace or coroner of the fame county where fuch offenders fhall then be, Shall upon his or their corporal oath before any two juftices of the peace, or corona* of the fame county, abjure this realm of England, and aH other .the Queen's majefty’e dominions for ever; {5) and thereupon fhall depart out of this realm at fitch haven and port, and within fuch rime, as fhall in that behalf be affigned and appointed by the laid juftices of peace or -coroner, before whom fuch abjuration fhall be made, uniefs the feme offenders be letted or flayed by fuch lawful and reafbnable means or caufes, as by the common laws of this realm are permitted and afiowed in cafes of abjuration for felony; and in inch cafes of lot or ftay; then within fuch reafonsble and convenient time after, as the common Jaw required* in cafe of abjuration for felony as is aforefaid..

IX.	And-that every juftice of peace or coroner before whom any fuch abjuration fhall happen to be made as is aforefaid, fhall caufe the fame pcefently to be entred of record before them, and fhall certify the feme to the juftices of affiles or gaol-delivery of the laid county, at die next affifes or gaol-delivery to be holden in the feme county.

X.	And if any fuch offender, which by die tenor and intent of this aft is to pe abjured as is aforefaid, fhall refixfe to make fuch abjuration as is aforefaid, or after foch abjuration made fhall .not go to fuch haven, and within fuch time as is before appointed, and from thence depart out df this realm, according to this prefent aft, or after fuch his departure fhall return or come a-gain into any her Majefty's realms or dominions, without her Ma-jefty’s fpecial licence in that behalf firft had and .obtained; that then in every fiich cafe the perfon fo offending fhall be adjudged a felon, and fhall fuffer and lofe as in cafe of felony without benefit of clergy.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed and ordained by the authority afofefaid. That if any perfon which fhall be fufpe&ed to be a jefuit, feminary or mailing prieft, being examined by any perfon having lawful authority in that behalf to examine fuch perfon which fhall be fo fufpe&ed, fhall refufe to anfwer dirediy and truly whether he be a jefuit, or a feminary or matting prim, as is arorefeid, every fuch perfon fo refuting to aofwer fhall for bis

difo-

tS9i\1 Ann6 tticefimo quinto ELi*AB£TiiJfi< t.t*	431

tdifobediencfe and contempt in that behalf, be committed to pri-fon by fuch as (ball examine him as is aforefaid, and thereupon (hall remain and continue in prifon without bail Or maiftprife, until he (hall make dirbft and true anfwer to the (kid queftions whereupon he (hall be fo examined.

XII.	Provided nevetthelefe, and be it further enacted by the Licence to authority aforefaid, That if any of the perfons Which are hereby J-avel above limited and appointed to Continue and abide within five miles of their ufual dwelling-place, or of fuch place where they were	c*

born, or where their father or mother ihall be dwelling as is a-/. 6. forefaid, (hall have neceflary occafvon or bufinefs to go and travel out of the compaft of the faid five miles; that then and in every fuch cafe, upon licence in that behalf to be gotten under the hands of two or the juft ices of the peace of the fame county, with the privity and affent in writing of the bifliop of the dio-cefe, or of the lieutenant, or of any deputy-lieutenant of the fame county, under their hands, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch perfon to go and travel about fuch their neceflary bufinefs, and for fuch time only for their travelling, attending and returning, as (hall be comprized in the fame licence; any thing before in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

Xin. Provided alfo. That if any fuch perfon fo reftrained as Perfons urged is aforefaid, (hall be urged by procefs, without fratrd or covin, bY proofs or or be bounden without fraud or covin, to make appearance in any of her Majefty’s courts, or (hall be fent for, commanded or required by any three or more of her Majef-ty’s privy council, or by any four or more of any com-miflioners to be in that behalf nominated and affigned by her Majefty, to make appearance before her Majefty’s faid council or commiffioners; that in every fuch cafe, every fiich perfon fo bounden, urged, commanded or required to make fuch appearance, (hall not incur any pain, forfeiture or lofs for travelling to make appearance accoraingly, nor for his abode concerning the fame, nor for convenient time for his return back again upon the fame.

XIV.	And be it further provided and enaSed by the autho- Perfons which rity aforefaid, That if any luch perfon or perfons to reftrained theirbodiesto as is aforefaid, (hall be bound, or ought to yield and render their ^ (heriif. bodies to the (heriif of the cpunty where they (hall happen to

be, upon proclamation in that behalf without fraud or covin to be made 5 that then in every fuch cafe, every perfon which (hall be fo bounden, or ought to yield and render their body as aforefaid, (hall not incur any pain, forfeiture or lofs for travelling for that intent and purpofe only, without any fraud or covin, nor for convenient time taken for the return back again upon the fame.

XV.	And furthermore be it ena&ed by the authority of this An offender prefent parliament. That if any perfon or perfons that (hall at

any time hereafter offend againft this adt, (hall before he or (hall be dif-they (hall be thereof convidled, come to fome pari(h church on charged* fome Sunday or other feftival day, and then and there hear divine

4%i	Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeths, c.2.	[159}.

vine fefvice, and at fervice-time, before the fermon, or reading of the gofpel, make publick and open fubmiffion and declara-ration of nis and their conformity to her Majefty’s laws and ftatutes, as hereafter in this aft is declared and appointed; that then the lame offender (hall thereupon be clearly difcharged of and from all and every pains and forfeitures inflicted or impof-ed by this ad for any of the faid offences inthisaft: contained : (2) the feme fubmiffion to 6e made ashereafteP foiloweth: that is to fay,

'the form of XVI. I A. /?- do humbly confefs and acknowledge, That I the fubmiffion. have grievoufly offended God in contemning her Majefty’s godly and lawful government and authority, by abfentiiig my felf from church, and from hearing divine fervice, contrary to the godly laws and fiatutes of this realm: (2) and I am heartily .ferry for the fame, and do acknowledge aiid teftify in' my conference, that the bitfiop or fee of Rome hath hot, nor ought to have, any power or authority over her Majefty, 6r' within any her Majefty’s realms or dominions: (3) and I do promile and proteft, without any diffimulatiori, 6r any colour of means of any difpenfetion, that from henceforth I will from time to time obey and perform fcer Majefty’s laws and ftatutes, in repairing to the church, and hearing divine fervice, and dfr thy uttef-moft endeavour to maintain and defend the'fame.

Tbfemiriifte* XVII. And that every minifter or curate of every parirti, lhall enter the where fuch fubmiftioh and declaration of conformity {halrHere-fubmiffion. after be fo made by any fuch offender as aforefaid, (hall' pfe*-fently enter the fame into a book to be kept in every pariftv for that purpofe, and within ten days then, next following (hall certify the fame in writing to the Difhop of fhe fame diocefe.

XVlIL Provided nevertheless, That if any fuch offender, after fuch fubmiffion made as is aforefaid, (hall afterward fall into relapfe, or eftfoons become a recufant, in not repairing to church to hear divine fervice, but (hall forbear the fame, contrary to the laws and ftatutes in that behalf made afnd provided; that then every fuch offender' (hall lofe ali fuch benefit as he or (he might otherwife by virtue of this aft have or enjoy by reafon of their faid fubmiffion ;'affd (hall thereupon ftand and remain in fuch plight, condition and degree, to all intents, as though fuch fubmiffion had never been made/

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority bound, faying aforefaid, That all and every woman married, or hereafter to forabjuration. ^ married, (hall be bound by all and every article, branch and matter contained in this ftatute, other than the branch and article of abjuration before-mentioned : (2) and that no fuch woman married, of to be married, during marriage, (hall be in any wife forced or compelled to abjure, or be abjured, by virtue of this aft; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof potwithftanding. 23 Eliz. c, 1, 29 EUz. c. 6* 1 Jac. 1. c. 4. 3 Jac• 1* c. 4,5,

A recufant Submitting, falleth into a relapfe.

.133

Women

Bridge

%%9

CAP.

43 3

1593O Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeths, c.3,—6.

CAP. III.

[ An aft for explanation of theJiatute made in the thirty fourth year of King Henry the Eighth, as well touching grants made to his Majefiy, as for confirmation of letters patents made by bis Higbnefs to others.

FOraftnuch as divers ambiguities, doubts and quefttons have rifen All abbey . and been moved, as well touching divers furrenders, grants and J^the conveyances made and granted by fundry late abbots, priors and other hands of King > religious and ecclejiafiical per fins, to the late King of famous memory H. $.&c. (had King Henry the Eighth, after the fourth day of February in be adjudged /even and twentieth year of his reign, of divers their honours, ma- £0 nors, lands, tenements and hereditaments; (2) as alfi touching and con- and lawful cerning the validity of the erections of fuch deans and chapters, and pofleffion,

Jiich colleges as were erefted, ordained, made or founded by the faid an<*aU letter* ^ late King Henry the Eighth, after the faid fourth day of February	^

in the faid feven and twentieth year of his retgn: (3) and forafmuch the founda-as the fame doubts and queflions feem not to be fuffciently remedied or tion of any provided for by the Jiatute made in the four and thirtieth year of the d*an and reign of the faid late King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An aft coUege^lhall for confirmation of letters patents, notwithftanding mifnamtng of be reputed any thing contained in the fame, &c.	good;

‘34&35H

c. ax. 11 Co. xi. 3 Co. 734 Other mens rights laved.

CAP. IV.

Every parifh (hall be charged with a fum weekly towards die relief of EXP. fick, hurt and maimed foldiers and mariners. Continued to the end of the firji fejfion of ' the next parliament, by 43 Sb». c. 9./ 29.

CAP. V.

A confirmation of the attainder of Sir Francis Fnglefield, that went forth of the realm Amo 1 Eiiz. by #the Queen's licence, and was attainted of high treafon, as well by the ftatute of *9 Eli%. c. i. as by the common law: his lands eftablithed to be in tbe Queen, her hein, fucceflbrs or afligns; the Queen (hall take the advailtage of revocating of an afiurance with a condition made by him upon tbe tender of a ring of gold.

7 Co. 11.

CAP. VI.

No new buildings (hall be erefted within three miles of London or Weft-minfter. One dwelling-houfe in London, Weftminfter, or three miles thereof, (hall not be converted into more. No inmates or under-fitters (hall be in the places aforefaid. Commons or wafte grounds, lying within three miles of London, (hall not be inclofed. A mile (hall contain eight furlongs, every furlong forty poles, and every pole (haU contain fixteen foot and an half. £Xp. ivEliz. c. 7.

• VOL. VI.

Ff

CAP.

434 Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeth JL c.7.	[1593.

CAP. VIL	(

An a& far the reviving* continuance* explanation and per-fefting ef divers fiatutes.

Cables, (hips. 1X/HERE in the firjl fejfm of parliament begun in the city #/ »iH. s.c. *2. V V London the third day 0/November in the one and twentieth year of the reign of pur late fovereign lord of famous memory King Henry the Eighth * and from thence adjourned and prorogued u the palace of Wedminder, an aft or Jlatute was made* intituled, An aft for the true making of cables, heifers and ropes.

Cattle.	H. And where in the parliament holden upon prorogation at Wed-

24 H. s.c. 9. minder the fourth day ^February in thefour and twentieth year ef the reign of the faid King* one other aft was then and there made* intituled* An aft againd killing of young beads, called weanlings. Cattle. , III. And where in the feffion of a parliament ended at Weflmin-3 &4Ed. $. fter the firjl day 0/February in the fourth year of the reign of our c* l*#	late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth* one aft was made con-

cerning the buying and felling of rother-beafis and cattle :

Viftual.	IV.	And	alfo one other aft was then and there likewife made* in-

3 &4 Ed. 6. tituled* An aft for the buying and felling of butter and cheefe. Fift1"	V. And where alfo in the parliament begun at Wedminder tie

iEL c. 17. *^ree an^ twentieth day of January in the firjl year of the reign of the Sfiueetts majejly that now is* and there continued by prorogation until the dijfolution thereof* an aft was then and there made* intituled. An aft for the prefervation of fpawn and fry of Bih.

Huibandry. VI. And where alfo in the firft feffion of parliament holden til 5 El. c. 2. Wedminder the twelfth day of January in .the fifth year of her Highnefs reign* one aft was then and there made* intituled* An ad for maintenance and increafe of tillage:

Merchants. VII. And one other aft was then and there Hiewife made, inti-5 E1. c. 7. tuled* An aft for the avoiding of divers foreign wares, made by bandicraftfmen beyond the feas:

Fifli.	VIII. And one other aft was likewife then and there made* intiv

5 Eiiz. c. 5. tuled* An aft touching certain politick conditutions made for the maintenance of the navy.

Games.	IX.	And	where alfo in the lafl fiffm of the parliament holden bj

% El. c. 10. prorogation at Wedminder the lafi day of September in the eighth year of her Majefifs reign* one aft was then and there made, intituled* An aft for bowyers and the price* of bows.

Lea&s.	X. And where alfo in the parliament begun and holden at Weft-

s 3 El. c. 20. minder in the fecond day of April in the thirteenth year of her Mo-jeftfs reign* there was one aft and Jlatute made for the avoiding ef fome leafes in certain cafes to be mate of eccleftqflual promotions mti cure* intituled, An aft touching ieafes of benefices, and other ee-defiadical livings with cure.

Purveyors. XL And where alfo there was one other aft and Jlatute made in 13 Eliz. c. 21. the faid parliament begun and holden at Wedminder the faid femi day of April in the faid thirteenth year* intituled* An aft that purveyors may take grain, corn or viftuals within five miles of Cambridge and Oxford in certain cafes:

XII.	And alfo one other aft was then and there made* intituled* An aft againd ufury.

XIII. ArJ

Ufury.

f

*593*1 Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeths, c.7.	435

XIII.	And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the 13 Elia* c. 8.

11 eighth day of Mzy in the fourteenth year of her Higbnefs reign, there *+	clU

was one other aft made, intituled, An adt for the continuation, explanation , perfecting and enlarging of divers ftatutes \ in which : Jlatute are contained divers branches, ciaufes and provifms u touching and concerning the explanation, perfefting and enlarging cf 1 divers of the ftatutes before mentioned.	*

\ XIV. And where alfo in the fifft feffion of the parliament begun Poor-1 and holden atWeftminfter the eighth day ofMzy in thefourteenthyear *♦ c* S*

? of the Queen's highnefs reign that now island from thence continued by 3 prorogation till the dtjfolution thereof there was one other aft madey intituled, An adt for the punilhment of vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor and impotent.

1 XV. And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter afore- Poor.

/aid in the eighteenth year of her Majejly's reign, there was one other >8 Elia. c. 3* t aft made, intituled, An act for fetting the poor’on work, and for the avoiding of idlenefs: (2) and alfo one other aft was then and Ways. there made, intituled, An adt for the repairing and amending the i8Eliz.c.*d#

\ bridges and highways near unto the city oiOxtnford: (3) and Sewers. where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the fifteenth day of %% Eliz. c. 6* January in the three and twentieth year of her Majejly's reign* one aft was made, intituled\ An adk for the repairing of Dover haven.

XVI.	And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the Continuance. three and twentieth day of November in the feven and twentieth *7 Eli3.C.11. year of her Majejly's reign, one other aft was made for the reviving, continuance, explanation and perfefting of divers Jlatutesy in which

ere contained divers branches, provijions and ciaufes touching and concerning certain additions and alterations unto and of divers of the faid former recited flatutes, and other new provijions.

XVII.	And where in the faid parliament holden at Weftminfter Enqueft.

the three and twentieth day ^November in the feven and twentieth c* V year of the jQueen's majeflys reign that now is$ there was an aft printed *	*

1	made for the levying of tffues loft by jurors.

XVIII.	And alfo there was then and there one other aft made, Franchife* intituled, An act for the good government of the city or borough

of Weftminfter.

XIX.	And whereas in the parliament holden at Weftminfter Corn.

upon prorogation the fourth day ^November in the fecondyear of* &	6.

the reign of the late King of moft famous memory, King Edward the c' c Sixth, ono aft was made, intituled^ An adt for the true making of 7

malt, which faid Jlatute was difeontinued, and by another aft made in the faid parliament holden at Weftminfter in the faid twenty-. feventh year of the Queen's majejly's reign that now is, intituled, An adt for the reviving of a former ftatute for the true making of malt, was revived and continued: (2) and alfo one other aft was Sewers. then and there made9 intituledy An adt for the keeping of the fea^-banks ^e^ures* and fea-works in the county of Norfolk. (3) And wherein the faid par- 3l	c, 8.

liament holden at Weftminfter the fourth day of February in the tbirty-firft year of the Queen's majejly's reign that now is9 there was an aft madl9 intituled, An adk for the true gaging of veflels F f 2................................................... brought

43$

Sewers. 31EI1Z.C. 13.

Franchife.

Continuance

Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeth®, c.7.	[1593,

brought from beyond the feas, converted by brewers for the' utterance and (ale of ale and beer: (4) and alfo one other aft w: then and there made, intituled*. An adt for reviving and enlarging of a ftatute made in the twenty-third year of her Majefty’s reign, for repairing of Dover Haven: (5) and alfo one other ad was then and there made, intituled, An adl for the relief of the city of Lincoln: {b)'forafmucb as the branches, claufes andprovi-

ththc ca<* fions, contained and specified in the jaid two aits of continuance*, made pariiament of *n	fourteenth and/even and twentieth year of her Majejifs reign,

the before in addition, alteration, explanation, forfeiting and enlarging of divers mentioned	the faidftatutes, and other Jlatutes, and all the reftdue of thefaid re-

ftatutc,p cited aits, do feem good and beneficial to the weal ana profit of this realm: (7) be it enadted by the authority of this prefent parliament, That the faid branches, claufes and provifions of the faid two adts of continuance, and all the refidue of the faid recited ftatutes and adts, and every of them, and all and every article, claufe and fentence in them and every of them contained, and by this prefent adt not repealed, except the faid ad concerning the repairing of Dover haven, (hall be continued and endure in force and effedt until the end of the parliament Dover haven, next enfuing. (8) And as concerning the faid ad): touching the repairing of Dover haven, the faid adt (hall be by authority of this parliament continued, and endure in force and effed from and after the end of the term limited by that adt, and yet continuing, untiltheendof the next parliamenttben next enfuing,

XX.	Provided always, and be it alfo enadted by the autho-. rity aforefaid. That all and every fuch branch and branches of flat, of 5 Ehz. ^ jfejj ^tute made for the maintenance and increafe of tillage, touching ear-as concern the earing, ploughing, ufing and keeping in tillage ing, ufing and for ever, of fuch lands or grounds, -or To much in quantity, as keeping m before the malting of that ftatute had been eared or ploughed, and put in tillage in any one year, and fo kept in tillage by the fpace of four years, at any time fithence the feaft of St. Ueorgt the martyr in the twentieth year of King Henry the Eighth, and every matter, claufe, article, proviiion, penalty, and forfeiture in the faid ftatute concerning the fame, (hall fo far forth only as they concern the fame, from henceforth be repealed, ceale, and be utterly void; any thing in the faid ftatute or in this prefent adt to the contrary notwithstanding.

A repeal of XXL Provided alfo, and be it enadted. by the authority a-the ftatute of forefaid. That fo much of the faid ftatute madfe for the main-5Elw.c j.and tenance of the navy, as heretofore at any time was repealed, and touching Vow- an<* every fuch branch and branches of the faid ftatute as coning of hemp cern the fowing of flax or tiemp, or the reviving of one ftatute and flax. concerning fowing of flax or hemp, made and provided in the parliament holden in the four and twentieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, and every matter, claufe, article, proviiion, penalty and forfeiture in the faid ftatute concerning the fame, (hall fo far forth only as they concern the fame, from henceforth be repealed, ceafe, and be utterly void; any thing in the faid ftatute or in this prefent adt to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Pro-

Huibaudrjr* Part of the

tillage. 39EUZ.C.1

437

x593*3 Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeths, c.y.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the au- .	.

; aforcfa^» T^fy	*elh,up°n »y iSSSS?

; nih-days, contrary to the form of the faid ftatute made for the cf the flat, of maintenance of tne navy, (hall forfeit only twenty (hillings, 5 El. c. 5/ or elfe fuffer only one month’s clofe imprifonment without bail or tor eating of * mainprife : (2) and every perfon orperfons within whofe houfe ; any fuch offence (hall be done, and being privy or knowing E ^ PJ*'

1 thereof, and not effectually publifhing or difclofing the fame ’ to fome publick officer having authority to punim the fame,

: for every fuch offence to forfeit only thirteen (hillings and four pence; any thing in the faid ftatute contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it farther enacted by the au- Corn, thority of this prefent parliament. That when the price of corn 5 Eliz* c- 5* or grain exceedeth not the rates hereafter following, at the

times, and havens and places where and when the fame corn gee 1 Jac. 1.

or grain (hall be (hipped or loaden, viz. the quarter of wheat at c. 25. f; *6.

twenty (hillings, the quarter of rye,* peafe and beans at thirteen

killings and four-pence, the quarter of barley or mklt at twelve	^Car,x*

(hillings of current Englijb money; That then it (hall be law- ,’\v! & M.

ful for all and every perfon and perfpns being fubjedts of her Scir.i.ca*,H'

Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, to load, carry or tranfport any

of the faid com or grain in fuch manner and form, as in the

faid aeft made for the maintenance of the navy is limited and ap*

pointed: (2) and that the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuc- The Queen*#

ceffor6, (hall have and receive by the cuftomers and officers of cuitom tor

her ports, for the cuftom or poundage of every quarter of wheat c*try q^art£r

to be tranfported by force of this ftatute, two (hillings, and of	fWU

every quarter of any other grain, (ixteen pence. (3) Which *

faid feveral fums fo to be had or taken as cuftom or poundage,

to be in fall fatisfa&ion of all manner of cuftom or poundage

for the faid corn or grain, by any conftitution, order, ftatute,

law or cuftom heretofore made, ufed or taken, for tranfport*-

ing of any fach manner of corn or grain.

1 XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it enabled by the authority Poor# aforefaid, That fo much of the faid ftatute made in the four- So much of i teenth year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the the ftat. of punijbment of vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor impotent; and of the faid ftatute made in the eighteenth year of her !|£do?th Conla' 1 Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for fetting the poor on' work, cera the gaol-, and for avoiding of idlenefs, as concerneth the punifhment of ing, boring j vagabonds, by gaoling, boring through the ear, and death in	°*

the fecond degree, and every matter, claufe, article and pro- repealed. vifion in the (aid ftatute contained concerning the fame, (hall j fo far forth only as they concern the fame, from henceforth be , repealed, ceafe and be utterly void; any thing in this ftatale contained to the contrary notwithftanding. j XXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Poor# t That fo much of one aft made in the two - and twentieth year a reviver of 1 of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, 4n aft concerning how aged, the ftatute of |	*	Ff	3	poor	** «.«•*•»•*

touching the order of aged, poor and lm-potentperfops. Rep. zs^nn. flat. % . c. aj.

Way*.

18 El.c. to.

tie that hath ayardJand within five

miles of Oxford (hall yearly pay four-pence towards the repair of bridges.

Poor.

It it lawful to give land towards the maintenance 'of the houfe or cunreciioii, or of the poor. 3?£liz. c. 5

Merchants.

3 Eliz. c. 6. Repair of wer-haven

Anno triccfimo quinto Elizabeths C.?*	[	1593*

poor and impotent perfoni compelled to live by alms, Jhall be ordered and bow vagabonds and mighty Jlrong beggars Jhall be punijbed, as concemeth the punilhment of any fuch beggar, impotent or vagabond perfon, by whipping, and all branches, articles and claufes depending upon the lame (other than the compelling of fuch perfons to be fworn) (hall from henceforth ftand and be revived, and remain in his full force and ftrength.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That the faid aCt made in the eighteenth year of her Majefty’s reign for the repairing and amending of the bridges and highways near unto the city of Oxon> or any therein contained, (hall not charge with any thing towards the amending of the faid bridges arid highways, any perfon or houiholder inhabiting within five miles of the univeiiitv and city of Qxon, not having in pofleffion one yard-land : (2) and that every perfon having one yard-land, or more in his pofleflion, lying within the faid five miles, (hall pay yearly the fum of four-pence only, for every yard-land, before the feaft of Pentecojl, unto the vice-chancellor and mayor for the time being, or their deputy or deputies, towards the amending of the faid bridges and highways, and no other penalty 5 (3) with like remedy by diftrefs, for every fum of four pence which (hall be due and riot paid as aforefaid, as is contained in the faid ftatute for any penalty therein limited.

XXVII.	And be-it alfo ena&ed by the authority afore faid y That it (hall be lawful for every perfon for and during the fpace of twenty years next enfuing, to make feoffments, grants, or any other aflurances, or by laft will in writing to give and bequeath in fee-fimple, as well to the ufe of the poor, as for the provifion, Indentation or maintenance of any houfe of correction or abidine^houfes, or of any docks or dores, all or any part of fuch of his lands, tenements and hereditaments, and m fuch manner and form, as he might have done to and for the provifion, fudentation or maintenance of any houfes of correction or abiding-houfes, or of any flocks or (tores by force of the faid flatute.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority of this prefent parliament. That all (hips, barks, vefleJs or crayers, whereof any of her Majefty’s fubjeCts (hall be owners or part-owners, of the burthen of twenty tun of upwards, loading or difeharging within this realm, and paffing to and fro any foreign country, that are of ally port, haven or creek in Severn, from the land’s end in Cornwall to Brijlol, and from thence to Gloucejler, and from Milford-haven to Chejfer, Liverpool and all the ports and creeks to them or either of them belonging in St. George's Channel, and from the faid places back again, (hall after the eighth day of fyfayy which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand five hundred ninety and fix, be difeharged'of the three-pence of every tun for the reparation of Dover haven, the faid ftatutes made for the repair-i ing of Dover haven, or either of them, or any thipg therein con-

tained

*593*1 Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeths, c.7.'	439

i taindd to the contrary notwithftanding: except any of the . i laid fhip$, barks, veflels ot crayers fhall go for Dover or to i the eaftward; (2) and that as Weil the faid (nips, barks, veflels ' and crayers tfiat mall go for Dover or to the eastward, as alio : all the fhipS, barks, veflels and crayers which (hall crofs the * narrow feas, (hall pay in manner and form as hereafter is expref-fed and no more: that is td fay, if they go outward with any man* ner of loading, not a quarter loaden, then to pay after the, rate : of a quarter loading, and forateabiy upwards according td their ! loading: but homeward to pay according, to the full rate of the entiy of their loading of every (hip, bark, * veflfel or crayer.

XXIX.	And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid, Se¥^j;s# ,f. \ That one aft made in the feven and twentieth year of her idajefly’s reign, intituled. An Aft for the maintenance of the pier the maiiite-i and cobbe of Lym-Regis in the county ofDorfet, lhall be renewed, nance of the and (land in his full force and ftrength, for and during the P!®r fpace of ten years next enfuing, and fo from thenceforth to the ’ end of the next parliament then next ehfuing.

. XXX. And be it further enadted by the. authority of this Drapery, prefent parliament. That one adt made in the parliament holden	if * C'}V

at JVeJiminfier the three and twentieth day of November in the.^^ooiUn ^ feyen and twentieth year of her Highnefs reign, intituled. An clothes in aft touching the breadth of white woolen clothes, made in the counties Wiltfhire, ef iVilts, GloucefterT Somerset and Oxen, &c. aiid ail and. every ^loucefter, the branches, claufes ana pravifions in the fame contained, ^^(hiref fhali from henceforth be, remain and continue, in force and .. ri c 10* eflfedt for ever.	.	...	'	’

XXXL Provided always, That this adf^ nor . any thing The Queen’s therein contained, (hall not be prejudicial or-hurtful to any licence for former letters patents or licence granted by her Majefty, to any perfon or .perfons, bodies, politick or corporate, for the tranf- cuftom thaifis

!>ortation of any corn or grain, either at any lefler cuftoms or before ex-ubfidies than is contained in this prefent adt, or without any prefled, cuftom or fubfidy 5 (2) but that they and every of them, their deputies and auigns, (hall and may tranfport grain hereafter, for the time in their feveral letters patents fpecified, either at fuch prices and rates, or without cuftom or fubfidy, in fuch manner and form as in the faid letters patents is contained, according to the form and effedt of the fame letters patents, and in fuch manner and form, and not otherwife, to all intents and purpofes, as if this prefent adt had never been had pr made.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the au- The Queen thority of this prefent parliament. That the Queen's majefty, may ralrain her heirs and fucceffors may, at all times by her and their writ of proclamation to be publifhed generally in the whole realm, prodamstion# or in any the counties of the realm where any port-towns r are, command. That no perfon (hall by virtue of this adt tranfport or carry any manner of grain out of her Highnefs dominions generally, or out of any (pecial ports to'be in the fame proclamation particularly named, for fuch time as (hall be therein limited and appointed.

Ff4	XXXIH.	And

440

c $'

13 Eli*, c. h-

Several penalties for snaking or cables of old Huff, being

Anno tricefimo quinto E&zabetime. c. 8.	[1593*

XXXIII.	And that it (hall not be lawful for any perion to carry but any fuch grain, contrary to the tenor of the fame proclamation, upon fuch pains and forfeitures as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm are and have been provided and ordained in that behalf $ this aft or any thing therein contained to the contrary notyrithftanding.

CAP. VIII.

4* for tbe avoiding ofdeceitufed in making and felling of twice laid cordage, and for the better preferring of the navy of tbit realm.

FQrafmuch as it is found by common experience, That fvndry persons uftng the trade of making cables, halfors, and other kind of cordage, witfnn this realm, have of late for their private lucre and gain ufed to make the fame of old, cajl and over-worn cables, hot-above or un- firs and cordage, and yet have craftily and deceitfully uttered and fold ^c^cv?n	the fame, being tarred, as new, good and jlrong, and as made of

compaft?	new afid perfect fuff, covering and hiding the falfe and corrupt

' making thereof \ by tarring of them before the fame be put to fale\ by reafin wheretf, not only divers flips, Vejfils and goods, as well 0] her Majejlfs, as of Jundry her higbnefs fubjefts, but alfo the lives of divers of her findfubjefts, have been loft, periflei and cajl away :

II.	Fdr remedy thereof, and for the avoiding of ftich great loflfes inconveniences and daiigers, as might otherwiie hereafter enfue by fuch corrupt falfe and deceitful making of cables, hal-fors, and other cordage as is aforefaid,

III.	Be it enabled by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, the lords Tpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament afleipbled, 'and by the authority of the fame. That if any perion or perfons, (hall after forty days next after the end of this feffiOn of parliament, make or caufe to be made any cables of any old and over-worn fluff, which (hall contain above feven inches in compos, then every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and loft four times the value of every fuch cable fo by him or her made, or caufed to be made, as is aforefeid: (2) ajid if any perfon or perfons, after the faid forty days next after the ertd of this feflion of parliament, (hall tarr or caufed to be tarred, any halfors or other cordage made within this realm of fuch old and over-worn duff as aforefaid, being of lefler affife, and not containing in compafs feven inches, and (hall after by way of retail, fell or put to fale, or caufe to The penalty be fold or put to fale, the fame being fo tarredj that every per-fon fo offending (hall forfeit and Jofe the treble value of every cable, halfor and other cordage, being of lefler afltfe, and made *	:	of fuch ojd and over-worn fluff as is aforefaid, which (hall be

fo fold or put to fale, being tarred as aforefaid: (3) the one moifety of all which forfeitures (hall be to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as will fue for the fame by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law jfhall be allowed.	^

'	IV.	And

Old fluff put b>tpuewr cable*.'

1593*1 Anno tricelimo quinto ELIZABETH*. c.£. .	441

IV,	And furthermore, that every perfon which (hall in any Imprifon-wife offend againft the tenor and meaning of this aft, (hall be mcnt* imprifoned for the fame during her Majefty’s picafure.

- CAP. IX,

An aft touching the breadth of plunkets* azures and blues* and otbtr coloured clothes* made within the county of So-merfet, and elfewbere of like making.

WHEREAS in the parliament holden at Weftminfter in the The effeft of fifth and fixth years of the reign of our late fovereign lord5 • King Edward the Sixth* one jiatute was made, intituled* An aft c. 6. touching for the true making of woolen cloth, whereby (among other things) the making of it was enafted* That all broad plunkets* azures* blues and other plunkets, &c. coloured cloth, which after the feafl of St. Michael the archangel pi	,

then next coming Jhouldbe made within the Jhires of Wilts, Glou- somerfeSire. cefter or Somerfet, or elfewhere of like making* Jhould contain in length* being through wet* betwixt twenty-five and twenty-eight yards* yard and inch of the rule* and Jhould be feven quarters within the lifts at the leaf* and lifted according to toe ancient cuftom* and being well fcoured* thicked* milled and fully dried* Jhould weigh . fixty-eight pounds the piece at the leajl* as by the faid aft* among divers claufes* articles and proviftons contained in the Jame* more plainly is exprejfed: (2) fithence the making of which faia Jiatute* although the makers of the faid coloured clothes have endeavoured them-felves* according to their bejl JkiU and induftry* to perform and fulfil the faid recited Jiatute in every of their clothes* as much as in them did lie* as touching the breadth of clothes* and to that end and pur-pofe have allowed and do allow fo much yam and fluff to every fucb .. cloth* as might ftfficiently ferve to make all. the Jaid coloured clothes full out in length* breadth and weight* according to the faid Jiatute made in the fifth andfixth years of King Edward the Sixth; yet not- ,The ftat. of . withjlanding mam times* by reafon of the divers natures in the wools* 5&6Ed.6.c.6/ and by the great arverfities in the fpinning* carding and milling* many ?otPe^or”f? of the faid coloured clothes made within the faid county of Somerfet, ^cioth ^and and elfewhere of like making* do not contain full feven quarters in yCt no default breadth* according to the faidJiatute made in the fifth and fixth years in the cloth-of King Edward the Sixth* and yet no default touching the faid makers. breadth canjuflly be imputed to the maker thereof * for that the faid (loth-makers (as experience daily Jbeweth) cannot obferve the faid former Jiatute in aU the faid clothes* <w touching the breadth* although they endeavour themfehes never fo much thereunto : (i) which clothes not containing their full ajfife in breadth as is aforefatd* are many times taken and feifed by the fearchers of London, when they come to their market at Blackwefl-Hall, to the great lofs and damage of the faid cloth-makers* and to the great hindrance of cloth-making within the find county: (4) in confideration whereof, albeit it is not hereby intended to repeal or make void the faid former recited ftatute, otherwife than is hereafter pepreffed; yet neverthelefs, be it enafted by the Queen's jnoft excellent piajefty, with the agent of the lord? (piritual ‘	#	4	'	and

t

44*	Afino	trittlimft quinta Elizabeths, c.9.	[1593:

and temporal, and the Commons, of this prefent parliament aflembled, and by die authority of the (ame, That no perfon or perfctts (hall be hereafter charged for anv (uch default which hereafter (hall be in any of the faid broad plunkets, azures, blues, or other coloured clothes, for want of breadth of feven quarters, fo that the fame cloth do' contain in breadth, being throughly wet, fix quarters and a half at the lead within the lifts unwrought, and lifted* according to the ancient cuftom; any thing in the faid former recited ftatute mentioned to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it enad&d by the authority aforefaid,' That if any of the faid clothes (hall not contain fix quartets and an half at the leaft within the lift* as is aforefaid, that then every perfon offending in that behalf (hall for every fuch cloth be fubjedt to fuch pains, penalties and forfeitures, as were by force of the former recited ftatute of the fifth and fixth years of King Edward the Sixth, to have been forfeited for want of breadth of feven quarters within the lifts.

III.	And be it neverthdefs enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any of the faid broad plunkets, azufes, blues or other coloured clothes, bring well fcoured, thieved, milled and fully dried, (hall contain in weight any lefs than flxty eight pounds at theieaft, that then every of the faid clothiers therein offending (hall incur double fuch penalties and forfeitures for every bound lb wanting of the tari weight, and not weighing after fuch rate as is before cbqprefied ln and by the (aid ftatute made in the fifth and fixth years dfKingEdward’thc Sixth, is limited and appointed.

IV.	And; be it-neverthdefs eria&ed by the authority afore-laid, That if any of the clothes' to be made within the county of Someffet, or elfewhere of like making, called plunkets, azures and blues, being well fcoured, thicked* milled and fully dried, lhall contain in weight any lefs than fixty eight pounds at the leaft; or if any of the fakl clothes lhall c&ntain in length any more than twenty-feven yards at the’mod; that then every of the fame clothiers therein offending lhall incur double (uch

f>enalties and forfeitures for every pound fo wanting, aS by the aid ftatute of the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King Edward the Sixth are to fuch defaults limited and appointed: (2) and for every yard that any fuch cloth lhall contain above twenty-feven yards in length, and not weighing after fuch rate as is before exprefled, the maker of every fuch cloth (hall incur double the penalties by the ftatute of the fourth and fifth 4&5Ph.&M*. years of the reigns of King Philip and Queen Mary9 to fuch de-c‘5-	faults	limited	and appointed.

The cloth fix quarters and a half broad being wet.

The penalty if any of tbie faid clothes be npt in breadth fix quarters todabalf.

The penalty for want oi weight.

5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. 6.

Weight fixty-eight pounds. Length twenty fevenyards. Repealed 43-E/.c.io.y as to o*uir lengths of clotbis.

V-CAF.

1593 J	. Anno tricefimo quinta Elizabethm. c. io. 444

CAP. X.

<3 fiF /(7r	reformation of fundry abufes in clothes,	a?//a/

Devonfhire er dozens, according to a proclamation of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of our fovereign lady the Queen that now is.

IN their moft humble and dutiful wife Jhewen and befeecheny$ur The weight Highnefs, your true and faithful fubje&s, the clothiers, merchants and length of and chapmen of your county of Devon, and of the counties adjoining, * Djfwmlhire That where in the month of January in the four and thirtieth year tfm&oFo* your Majeftfs mojl happy reign, as well at the bumble fiat andpe- rudge-wafli, tition offundry your findfiubjefts, as upon certificate of divers.juftices kerne, &c. in your Highnefs find county of Devon, and upon complaint of the fates of Holland, it pleafed your-Htghnefs, with the advice ojyour tnofl honourable privy council, by your Highnefs proclamation, for the reformation of the, infufficiencies grown in the clothes called Devon-fliire kerfies or dozens, (a commodity heretofore in great requeft, price andtjtimation, both among ft your mturalfubjefts, and in foreign nations and countries) but of late marveUoufiy (and not without 00 cafion) difcredited by the inventions and stew devices of the weavers, tuckers and artificers. To command that the laws before that time made, and funding in force not repealed, for and concerning the pre- ' mijfes, Jhould be duly accomplijbed in all things: and that every officer Jhouli diligently perform his office accordingly: (2) and that the weight of the fiaid kerfies or dozens, being raw, and wrought with chan fuff, without any deceitful addition, jhould weigh fifteen pounds, and contain in the market at haft between fifteen andfixteen yards in length, and that the fame Jhould be fewantly woven throughout of like ' fortedyarn» forbidding all other deceits in weaving, and all diminishing and unreafonabh drawing, ftretcbing and other deceits in tuckers:

( 3) and that each weaver jhould weave bis Jhop-mark in each dozen, and a purrel in each end thereof: (4) and that officers jhould be appointed in market-towns, to view, weigh and try the fame kerfies; whether they were in length, weight or goodnefs, according to the rate and proportion fit forth in the fame proclamation: the fame proclamation to endure ttll the firft day of this prifent parliament, as by the fame more at large may appear.

II.	Now, mojl gracious fovereign, forafmucb as by the laid pro- 5 & $ Ed. 6. clamation, great order and better making of the faid clothes for weight c. 6. '

. and length thereof hath enjued, and to the end that hereafter t&sPh.&M. further difcovery and reftraint of all abuies and deceits am- c* trary to the former laws and ftatutes of this realm may be provided for, to the reviving of the reputation of fo good, profitable and neceflary a commodity, (2) it may pleafe your Ma-jefty, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the whole commonalty, ailembled in this prefent parliament, and by the authority oPthe fanpe, That it may be.enabled and * eftablifhed, as followeth, that is to fay. That front and after the firft day of July now next coming, each kerfie called Devon- The weight

Jbire kerfie or dozen, which (hall be made and woven witfiin the of a Devon.

‘	foU	(hire kerfie or

* ' dozen raw.

444	Anno	tricefitno	quinto	Elizabethan	c. toi [ 1593.

faid county of Dawn, or any other county next adjoining thereunto, being raw, unicourea, untucked and unwet, as it cometh from the weaver’s beam, and being made of dean and periled fluff, that is to wit, of wool (horn, deanfod and throughly waflied or fcoured after the Shearing, and before die weaving, without any fraud, deceit, policy or device, or any fluff thereunto deceitfully or unlawfully added in the wonting or after the working thereof, for inoeafe of the weight, (hall weigh in the market fifteen pounds or upwards.

m. And that from and after the faid firft Bay of July every raw Devtnjbire kerfie or dozen from thenceforth to be woven and made in the laid county of Dnwi, or any of the other counties adjoining, being a rudge-wafh kerfie, that is to fay, being made of fleece wool wafhed only on die fheeps backs, and the wool not bang cleanled, wafhed and fcoured after it is (horn. and before it is woven, frail (without any fraud, deceit, policy, device or addition of fluff whatfoever, to incrcafe the weight thereof) weigh in the market feventeen pounds at die The weight lean, bong raw as it cometh of the weaver’s beam ; (2) and ■ndteiigth each and every of the fame Devonjhire kerfies or dozens, fi> waft kerfie. being raw, ana as it cometh forth off the weaver’s loom (without racking, ftretching, ftraining or other device to encreafe tJac. 1. c. s. the length thereof) (hall contain in length between fifteen and fixteen yards by the tneafbre of yard and inch by the rule, (3) without which obfervathu of weight bong raw, they cannot fall out (after they be well fcoured, thicked and frilly dried) to contain the length and weight expreffed and limited in the ftatute of the' fourth and fifth year of Philip and Mary, viz. twelve yards in length, and twelve pounds in weight, as hath been fufficiently made known and teftified to your Highnels find privy council, before the (aid proclamation.

IV. And if any weaver (hall work or make any of the (aid kinds of kerfies of left weight or meafure than is before mentioned after their kind, every fucb offender (hail forfeit for The forfeiture every quarter of a pound in weight, which any of the (aid raw eftbeoftnder. kerfies or dozens which (hall be nought to any market, or fold or offered to be fold, dull want of their weight aiforefaid, twelve-pence: (2) and for every quarter ofa yard which (hall be wanting in length of either fort of the faid kerfies, likewife be-The weavers tag fold or offered to be fold, twelve pence : (3) and that each duty in weav- fort of the faid kerfies or dozens, (hall be fewantly woven through-ing of dosens. out of well and like forted yarn: (4) and that no weaver (hall uie any diverfity in the bignefs or gpodneft of his yam in any part of the faid kerfies, favipg only in the lifts, nor ufe any other practice in edging or weaving of any the Tame kerfies or dozens, to make the (amefeem finer near tfre edge or lifts, than in any other part of the fame cloth,

Aweaver’s V. And that it may be further ena&cd by the authority afore-(hop-mark, faid, That each weaver (hall weave his (hop-mark of Come colour?

ed yarn in the end ot every kerfie which he fliall hereafter weave

1593-1	Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeths, c.io. 445

or make, and (hall alfo at each end of every the fame keriies A purrdat weave one purrel likewife of coloured yam, of the breadth of.*?* e • three quarters of any inch at the leaft, whereby the deceitful cutting and dimini(hing of fuch clothes by tuckers or fullers heretofore ufed, may henceforth be prevented: (2) and if any weaver (hall ufe any deceit in mingling his yam, or (hall omit his (hop-mark, or (hall not weave in every kcrfie two puirels, according to the tenor of this adfc, he (hall forfeit and lofe for every offence to the contrary, ten (hillings.

VL And to the end that the weight and goodnefs of all the laid kerfies called dozens, being raw, may be the better and weighed and . more certainly known, it may further be enadted, That no marked, weaver, nor any other perfon whatfoever, (hall offer or put to fale any of the fame raw kerfies, called dozens, before the fame have been viewed, weighed and marked in fome city, town corporate or market-town, and allowed by fuch officer, and marked with fuch marks as (hall be there in fuch city or town ufed and appointed for that purpofe j (2) upon pain to forfeit and lofe for every cloth fold or offered to be fold to the contrary, ten (hillings : (3) the one half of all which forfeitures (hall be to the ufe of your Highnefs, your heirs and fucceffors, and the other half to the principal officer or magiftrateof the city, town corporate or market-town next adjoining to the dwelling or working place of fuch weavers as (hall offend in any of the premiffes, if he the fame officer or magiftrate (hall firft make feizure thereof: (4) or elfe to t^e principal officer of that city, town corporate or market-town, where the fame (hall be fold, or offered to be fold ; (5) to be recovered by adtioti of debt, bill, plaint or information, with cofts, in any court of record, wherein no protedtion, wager of law or effoin (hall be allowed.	v .

VII.	And for the better difcovery of the offences aforefaid, Searches of and the more perfedt accompli(hing of the premifies, it may PcTPn^rc. be alfo enadted, That the principal officer or magiftrate for th^duties. the time being in every city, town corporate or market-town of the (aid county, or of any other of the counties adjoining, where any fuch Kerfies called Devonjkire kerfies or dozens now are or hereafter (hall be woven, made, offered or put to fale,

(hall every year from henceforth appoint and have in readinefs at all times needful, two or more dUcreet perfons, which (haU be (pedal and known officers and fearchers, (2) which (hall attend, and (hall be at his or their entry into his or their faid office (worn, during his or their continuance in the faid office . truly to view, weigh and mark each kerfie called a dozen, in fuch city or town, or any of them made, fold or offered to be fold, or put to fale, and to prefent each offence or defedt which (hall there fall out contrary to the true meaning of this ftatute:

(3) every which fearcher or officer fo to be hereafter appointed tor this purpofe in any fuch city, town corporate or market-town, (hall by force of this adt have power and authority to

enter

What (ball be forfeited, and by whom, if fearchers be not appointed or not attendant.

No dozen (hall be bought or drefTed before it be tried'

The length of a dozen mail not be dimi* nifhed.

The forfei-. tures and who fhall have them.

Anno tricefimo quint® Elizabeths, c. id.	£i593.

enter in the day-time into all (hope, ware»~houfes, work-rhoufes, and other places convenient of the fame city or town where he or they (hall be fo appointed, there to view, fearch and fee whether any kerfie or dozen be made, fold or offered to be fold, contrary to the true, meaning of this aft, and alfo to fee what pains, penalties and forfeitures (hall be grown due to her Majefty by any weaver, feller or buyer, within the liberties and preeinfts of the lame town, taking only of and for the weighing and marking of every kerfie, a farthing for his pains, and fo according to the number, and no more$ which fer-thing upon every kerfie is to be paid by the feller of the fame kerfie.

VIII.	And if fuch fearchers and officers (hatl not be yearly appointed, and attendant at all times reafonable and convenient, or (hall neglect his or their duties In the true fearch, weighing and marking of the (aid kerfies or any of them, or (hall mark any one kerfie which wants-of his weight as is afore* faid; That then, and in every fuch cafe, the chief magiftrate of every fiich city and town (hall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence of their iearcher or fearchers, twenty (hillings; and for every market-day they (hall want two, or one at the leaft of fuch fearchers, the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied as hereafter is exprefied.

IX.	And that it may further be enadted, That from and after the faid fxrft day of Jufy no manner of perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall buy any fuch raw kerfie called Devmfbire kerfie or dozen, in any market or elfewhere, unlefs the fame (hall be firft tried, weighed and marked by the officers of the fame city, tqwn corporate or markeMown, as , is afbrefaid: (2) and that no weaver, tucker, fuller, or other whatfoever, (hall drefs or caufe to be drefled, any of the faid raw clothes called Dewnfinre kerfies or dozens, unlefs the fame be firft tried, weighed and marked in fome one market-town by the fearcher or fearchers there in that behalf appointed ; (3) upon pain of forfeiture of every fuch kerfie fo bought drefied or put to dreffing, which (hall not before be tried and marked as is afore-mentioned.

X.	And for the avoiding of deceit of tuckers or fullers, that it may alfo be enabled. That no clothier, tucker, fuller or other perfon whatfoever, (hall at any time from henceforth cut or dioiinfth the length of any kerfie called a Devonjbire kerfie or dozen, and after offer or put the fame to fale as a whole kerfie or dozen, upon pain of forfeiture of twenty (hillings for every of the fame kerfies or dozens fo cut or dimini(hed; (2) the one half of all and every , which forfeitures, not before limited and appointed, (hall be to our fovereign lady the Queen, and the other half to him or them that will fue for the fame, by a&ion debt, bill, plaint or information, in any court of record, wherein the plaintiff is to recover his cofts: alfo wherein no protection, wager of law or effoin (hall be allowed. (3), This

aft

1593-3 Anoo tricefimoquiptoELlZABETH^. Q.ii,

a# to endure, till the end of the npxt. parliament. 3 Par. 1. t. 4. Continued until the tad of thf. firjl fejfton of fht nt«$ par-foment, and farther continued by 16 par. j. c. 4.

CAP. XL

447

An 98 for the bringing in clap-board from tie farts beyond the feas, and the retraining of tranfporting of wine-cafks, for the I‘paring and preferring of timber within the realm.

TX7HEREAS of kte years timber it greatly decayed and cmfimedA. quantity of Vy within tbit realm, the want thereof is greatly to he feared, £aR'J’°ar“ and fpeedily to* provided for, and Mmeb as there is great £Z™htinto weapon of [pending and confummg thereof* byfelling. of great quan* this realm for Ww of timber* and converting the Jam into cloven-board for thebctr or fifh making of cafk* which is ufually tranfported out of the realm into the tranfported. parts beyond the feas: (2) and forafmuch alfo as wine-cajk brought into this realm* ts very ferviceable* as well for her Majefifs houjhold and navy* in time of her Highnefs fervice* for victualling of her Kghnefs /hips* and alfo for victualling of merchants Jbips* and a great caufe of fparing timber within this realm :

IL Be it therefore enafted by the Queen's mod excellent ma- wine cask jefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this (hall not be present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, tranfported # That all and every perfon and perfons, which mall after the f^ertaul feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptijl next enfuing, (hip, carry p rp e*‘ or tranfport any beer into the parts beyond the feas, to be fold or exchanged for other merchandize, (hall (if he be a ftranger, then) before the fame tranfporting, (if he be a fubjelt bom, then) either before the fame tranfporting, or within four months after, bring or caufe to be brought into this realm, from the parts beyond the feas, for every fix tuns of beer, two hundred of clap-board fit for to make ca(k of, to contain in length three foot and two inches at the lead, or elfe the fame cafk again, or fo much other good and fweet cafk in quantity, and the fame to be entred at the cuftom-houfe without any colouring '; (2) or if the fame tranfporting (hall be into the realm of Ireland* then to bring in, in manner and form as aforefaid, fo much of the fhaffold-board in quantity as the laid clap-board amounteth unto.

III.	And alfo be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That no ftranger born (hall after the laft day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand five hundred nine-ty-foOr, (hip, cariy or tranfport beyond the feas, any pilchers or other fifh in cafk, unlefs the fame perfon have before fuch (hipping, brought or caufed to be brought, into this realm, from the parts beyond the feas, for every fix tuns of pilchers t>r other fifh, according to the rate and manner aforefaid, of clapboard fit for cafk, or elfe of cafk as aforefaid ; (2) upon pain of forfeiture of the faid beer, pilchers and cafk, that (hall be (hipped or laden to be tranfported into the parts beyond the feas.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, yn what cafes That it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons, after the only wine-

faid cask may be

448 Anno tricefimo quinto Elizabeths, c.i 2,—14. [ 1593.’

tranfported. (aid feaft of St. John the baptift next enfuing, to tranfport or ' $ Jac. i. c. 11. cmy my Wine-cafk out of this realm with any beer or beer-eager, nor any wine-calk (haken, and fell the fame beer or beer-eager, or calk, except for the victualling of any (hip or portable veflel, or of any of her Majefty’s garrisons and forces in the parts beyond the leas; (2) upon pain of forfeiture of the fum of forty (hillings for every tun of ca(k fo carried or tranf-ported.

V.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to the tranfportation of any herrings whatfoever in calks. (2) This aft to continue to the end of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the firfi Jeffion of the next parliamentj and farther continued by 16 Car. 1.

cap. 4.

CAP. XII.

A confirmation of two (ubfidies of four (hillings in the pound, to be paid in two years, granted to the Queen by the clergy. EXP.

CAP. XIII.

A confirmation of three (ubfidies and fix fifteenths and tenths granted to the Queen by the temporary. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

A confirmation of the Queen’s general and free pardon, except, &c. EXP*

The Envryf the Sixth -Volume.
