THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM THE

Second to the Eighth Year of Queen Anne.

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efq;





Statutes at large.

FROM THE

Second to the Eighth Year of Queen Anne.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XI.

By DANBY PICKERING, pf Gray’s-Inn, E%

Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Crofs-Keys, oppolite St. Dunftaji’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1764.

CUM TrIhIIgTo.



TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles |>f all fbfh A6ts as are extant in print, from the Second to the Eighth Year of Queen Anne.

Anno 2 & 3 Anna.

Cap. i. T?OR granting an aid to Jier X1 Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in the year one thousand feven hundred and four.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to her Majefty, by continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for one year.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to her Majefty, for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, by felling annuities at feveral rates, and for fuch refpeltive terms or e-dates as are therein mentioned.

Cap. 4. For the publick regiftring of all deeds, conveyances, and wills, that (hall be made of any honours, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the weft riding of the county of York, after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand (even hundred and four.

Cap. 5. To repeal a Provifo in an alt of the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, which prevents the citizens of the city of York frond difpofing of their perfonal eftates by their wills, as others inhabiting within the province of York by that a (ft may do.

Cap. 6. For the mcreafe of feamen, and better encouragement of navigation, and fecurity of the coal trade.

Cap. 7. For enlarging the term of years granted by an alt parted in the feffion of parliament, held in the eleventh and twelfth years of King William III. for the repair of Dover harbour.

Vo*. XI.

Cap. 8. For the eredling a workhoufe in the city of Woreefier, and for fitting the poor on work there.

Cap.9. For granting to her Majefty an additional fubfidy of tunnagfe and poundage for three years; and for laying a further duty upon French wines condemned as lawful prize; and for afcertaining the values of unrated goods imported from the Eaft Indies.

Cap. 10. To enlarge the time for the purchafers of the forfeited eftates in Ireland, to make the payments of their purchafe money.

Cap. n. For the making more effectual her Majefty’s gracious intentions for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, by enabling her Majefty to grant in perpetuity the revenues of the firft fruits ana tenths; and alfo for enabling any other perfons to make grants for the fame purpofe.

Cap. 12. For the railing the militia tor the year one thoufend feven hundred and four, notwithftanding the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 13. For prolonging the time by an act of parliament made in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, for iraporting-thrown filkof the growth of Sicily from Leghorn.

Cap. 14. For the better fecuring and regulating the duties upon fait.

Cap. 15. For the better and more regular paying and afllgning the annuities, after the rate of three pounds percent, per annum, payable to feveral bankers, and other pa-a	tentees.



TABLE of the STATUTES

tentees, or thofe claiming under them.

Cap. 16. For the difeharging out of prifon fuch infolvent debtors as (hall ferve, or procure a perfon to ferve, in her Majefty’s fleet or army.

Cap. 17. For the better charging feveral accountants with intereft monies by them received, and to be received.

Cap. 18. For the further explanation and regulation of privilege of parliament in relation to perfons in publick offices.

Cap. 19. For railing recruits for the land forces, and marines, and for difpenfing with part of the a6t for the encouragement and increafe of (hippingand navigation, during the prefent war.

Cap. 20. For puniffiing mutiny, de-lertion, and falfe mufters, and for better paying of the army and quarters, ana for fatisfying divers arrears, and for a further continuance of the powers of the five comraif-fioners for examining and determining the accounts of the army.

Private Alls.

Anno 2	3	Anna.

1.	An a& for naturalizing Elizabeth Cholmondeley, wife of George Cbol-mondeley, efq;

2.	An a6t to enable the guardian of the earl of Warwick and Hollands during his minority, to make leafes of feveral mefluages in or near Wejl Smithfield.

3.	An a<5t for fettling and confirming feveral exchanges with Ralph earl Montague, of feveral lands and common of Simon Motton, and others, lying in Geddington, in the county of Northampton, for feveral lands of the faid earl's, lying near to the fame, and for confirming feveral agreements relating to the faid exchanges.

4.	An a<5t for confirming the execution of a certain agreement made

between Ralph lord Greyy baron of Werke, and Charles lord OJJulftone and the lady Mary his wife, touching certain manors, lands', and tenements, in the counties of Nor-thumberland, Middlefexy and city of London, and alfb between Laurence carl df Rachejler$ and the faid lord Grey, concerning other manors, lands, and tenements, in the faid county of Northumberland,, county palatine of Durham, and town of Berwick upon Tweed.

5.	An adfc for veiling feveral eftates in the counties of Cornwall, and Devon ^ and feVeral leafehold eftates, in truftees, to be fold for railing portions for the younger children of George lord Carteret, deceafed, and for laying out the overplus of the money raifed by fuch fales, in purchafe of other lands.

6/An adl for fale of the eftate of Henry lord vifeount Dillon in the kingdom of Ireland, for payment of his debts, and for fettling an e-quivalent in other part of his eftate on the vifeountefs his wife, for her jointure.

7.	An a<5t to enable Sir George Wheeler, knight, and doctor in divinity, to make leafes of fome houfes and ground in Chanon Row in Weftmin-jlcr.

8.	An a<ft to enable Sir John AJlley, baronet, to make a jointure upon his marriage, during his minority, and to enable him to buy in any rent-charge, or other incumbrance upon his eftate.

9.	An a6t for confirming and better execution of articles, and the agree* ments therein contained, for the difpofition and divifion of the eftate of the late lord Jermyn, among his coheirs.

10.	An adl for fupplying the defeat of the execution of a power in Sir John Ivory, knight, deceafed, for making provilion for his younger children.

iu An



A TABLE of xht STATUTES.

II* An aft to enable Sir Thomas Tip-pings baronet, to fell the manor of Ickford in the county of Bucks, for payment of a debt charged thereon, and laying out the furplus money in purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

12.	An a# to difcharge the governor and company for making hollow fword-blades in England, of the fum of eighteen thoufand eight hundred fixty four pounds, feven (hillings, and one halfpenny, by miflake overcharged in the pur-chafe-money, for feveral forfeited and other ellates and interefts in Ireland, purchafed by them.

13.	An act for veiling feveral ellates of Sir Char its Bickerjlaffe, knight, in truftees, to be fold for payment of debts, and making provihon for his wife and daughter. ,

14.	An act for faleof certain lands in Charwelton, in the county of Northampton, of Wiliam Adams, clerk, for payment of debts, and of portions to his younger brothers and fillers, and fettling other lands of greater value upon his wife and children in lieu thereof.

15.	An act for veiling the eftate of Thomas Leigh, late of Ridge in the county of Cbejier, efq; deceafed, in truftees, for the payment of his debts, perfecting his purchafes, and better effecting the purpofes in his will.

16.	An act for the making void certain ufes, ellates, and trulls, limited in the marriage fettlement of Henry Awdley, efq; of certain manors and lands contained in that fettlement, and fettling other manors and lands of better value, to and for the fame ufes, ellates, and trufts.

17.	An aft to enable Robert Cawdron, efq; to fettle part of his eftate (which he has improved) for raifing portions for his younger children.

18.	An act for veiling lands in EJfex,

devifed by Sir Robert Kemp, kftight, deceafed, to the children, and grand children of Elizabeth Outlaw, one ofhis fillers and co-heirs, in truftees, to be fold for the benefit of the de-vifees.

19.	An act for the veiling of nine mef-fuages in the parilh of St. Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middle-fex, being the eftate of IVilliamJar-min and Mary his wife, in truftees, to be fold, and for fettling in lieu thereof a mefluage, and certain lands in IVhipfnade, Tottrenhoe, and Studham, in the county of Bedford.

20.	An aft to enable John Jenkins, efq; to fell lands in the counties of Durham and Northumberland, for payment of debts charged thereupon.

21.	An act for veiling in truftees part of the eftate of Thomas Harlackenden Bowes, efq; for payment of the debts and legacies where with. the faid euate is charged*, and for preferring the refidue clear of charges for the benefit of Thomas Bowes i efq; an infant.

22.	An aft to enable Arabella Foot to

lay out monies belonging to her fon Topharn Foot, in purchafes of lands for his benefit.	r

23.	An aft to enable the lord high treafurer of England, or commif-fioners of the treafury for the time being, to compound with John Ferrer, efq; for a debt due from him as furety for John Mafon, gent, late receiver general for the county of Cambridge and ifle of Ely. ,

24.	An act for the veiling the manor of Michael Church, in the county, of Radnor, and other lands in the county of Salop, of Mary Bawdier, and William Bowdler, gent, in certain truftees, for payment of the debts, and making provifion for the younger children of the faid William Bowdler.

25.	An act f6r fettling the manor of

Creech in the coynty $>J$om(rfety in a 2	truftees,



A TARLE of the STATUTES.

truftees, to enable them to renew leafes for the maintenance of the s younger fons of William Keyty efq; deceafed, during their minority.

26.	An act for (ale of fome part of the eftate of John Holden, gent, and Robert Holden, his fon, for payment of their debts, and for difpofing of younger children apprentices.

27.	An act for naturalizing Ifaac Kops.

28.	An act for naturalizing Rene Ranee, Matthew Decker, and others.

29.	An act for naturalizing Henry BoifronddeSt.Leger, Peter la Grange^ Lewis Waddeny and others.

30.	An aft to veft the manor of Han-flop, and Caflletbrop) and all other the lands and hereditaments of Sir Peter Tyrrel baronet, and Thomas Tyrrell efq; his Ion, in the county of Bucksy in truftees, to fell part thereof for payment of debts, and

^ to fettle other lands and hereditaments there, being of an equal value, in lieu of lanas to be fold.

31.	An aft to enable Sir John Cowper knight, and Anthony Henley efq; to

1 make a partition, and grant building leafes of feveral mefliaages and tenements in Lincoln's Inn FieldSy in the parifhes of St. Giles in the Fields, and St. Clement Danes 9 in the county of Middlefex.

32- An aft to veft part of the eftate of Sir Chriflopher Phillipfon knight, in truftees, to be fold for payment ©f debts, and for charging part thereof with maintenance for a daughter who is a lunatick.

33.	An act for vefting the manor of Teoviltony in the county of Somer-ftty and other lands therein mentioned, of William Cary efq; in truftees, for difeharging incumbrances, and making provifion for his younger children, and fettling other lands in the county of Devon in lieu thereof.

34.	An act for vefting divers manors and lands of Matthew Hoflworthy

efq; in truftees, to be fold, and pur-chafing other manors or lands of equal value, and limiting the manors or lands to be purchafed to the fame ufes, as the lands to be fold are limited.

35.	An act for enabling Bernard Cot-ton efq; to fell fome part of his c-ftate for payment of his debts, and for confirming feveral conveyances already made of feveral other parcels of his eftate by himfelf and truftees, to feveral purchafers thereof.

36.	An aft to charge the eftate of Ambrofe Andrews gent, with monies for payment of debts, and for Tup-plying fome defefts in the fettle-ment of the faid eftate, for making a jointure and leafes upon the faid eftate.

37.	An aft to eftablifh and confirm a partition and agreement of and touching the eftate of Sir Thomas Styley late of Wateringburyy in the county of Kenty baronet.

38.	An act for fettling the eftate of Dr .Thomas Lamplugbydectakdy pur-fuant to his marriage articles and fettlement prepared for that pur-pofe, and for provifion for his younger children.

39.	An act for the better vefting in Giles Frampton efq; the manor and farm of Moorton alias Moretony and HuHly in the county of Dorfety in porteffion, and for the better fecu-ring the fame* and the other manors, farms, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, late of William Frampton efq; deceafed, to him the faid Giles Framptony and fuch as are entitled in remainder after him, upon the death of Tre-gonwell Frampton efq;

40.	An aft to enable George Evelyn to raife portions for his brothers and fitters, according to his father’s will.

41.	An act for fale of part of the e-ftate of James Torr gent, deceafed,

for

Digitized by v^.ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

for payment of his debts, and for fettling other part thereof to the ufes therein mentioned.

42.	An aft to fubjeft the eftate of Robert Coke of Tru/fy, in the county of Derby efq; and William Coke, his fon and heir apparent, to the payment of the faid Robert Coke's debts, and to make provifion for the wife, and younger children of the faid William Coke.

43.	An a ft for the fetting afide a voluntary fettlement made by Mary Fermour, widow, and for ratifying a partition made of the manors of Merjbam and Pelt, and divers lands in the county of Suffix, between her and Bartbolemew Walmef-ley efq; and others.

44.	An act for the improvement of the eftate of John Brifco in the county of Cumberland.

45.	An act for making good the provifion intended for captain James Rochy out of the forfeited eftates in Irelandy and for reftoring to the bifhoprick of Cloyne in the faid kingdom the manor and lands of Dono-more.

46.	An act for fetting afide voluntary fettlements made by John Howe gent, of eftates in the counties of Stafford and Warwicky and fettling fome part of his eftate upon the faid John Hawe, and his fon, and for making provifion for the maintenance of his fon and daughter, and railing a portion for fuch daughter, and felling the refidue for payment of his debts.

47.	An act for foie of the eftate of John Digby efq; deceafed in the countyof Butkinghamy and dividing the money between Sir John Conway baronet, and Richard Moflyn efq; and for fettling the eftate of Sir John Comvayy in the county of Flinty and making provifion for his fon and daughter, according to an agreement for that purpofe.

48.	An act for the further recompen-fing of John Baker gent, and his

family,' for the fervice of col. Baker at Londonderry in Irelandy and for ftating the accounts of the late receivers of the rents and profits of the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

49.	An aft, that the (hips, the Golden Scar and Bully being taken as prize, and condemned, may have freedom of trading as Englijb (hips.

50.	An aft to naturalize Daniel Bar-biety John Kerron du Cbefney spid others.

51.	An act for naturalizing Henry di Hanty George Chaboty and others.

Anno 3^4 Anna.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to her Maicfty^by a land tax, to be raifed in the year one thoufond feven hundred and five.

Cap. 2. For railing monies by foie of leveral annuities, for carrying on the prefent war.

Cap. 3. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for one year.

Cap. 4. For continuing duties upon low wines, and upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices, and pictures, and upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and upon mudins; ana for granting new duties upon feve-ral of the faid commodities, andal-fo upon 'Callicoes, china ware, and drugs.

Cap. 5. For granting to her Majefty a further fubfidy on wines and mer-chsmdizes imported.

Cap. 6. For the better enabling her Majefty to grant the horwur and manor of Woodftociy with tne hundred of Woottony to the duke of Marlboroughy and his heirs, in con-fideration of the emin^it fervices by him performed to .her Majefty and the publick.

Cap. 7. For the effeftual fecuringthe kingdom of England from the apparent dangers that may arife from feveral acts lately patted in the parliament of Scotland„

a 3	Cap.	8.

m	

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 8. To permit the exportation of Irifi Jinen cloth to the plantations, and to prohibit the importation.of Scotch linen into Ireland.

Cap. 9. For giying like remedy upon promiffory notes, as is now ufed upon bills of exchange, and for the better payment of inland bills of exchange.

Cap, 10. For encouraging the im-. portation of naval ftores from her Majefty’s plantations in America. Cap. 11. For the better recruiting her Mnjefty’s land forces, and the marines, for the year one thoufand fe-ven hundred and five.

Cap. 12. For the relief of the creditors of Thomas Pitkin, a bankrupt, and for the apprehending of him, and the difeovery of the effefts of the faid Thomas Pitkin, and his accomplices.

Cap, 13, For prohibiting all trade and commerce with France.

Cap. 14. To prevent all traiterous correfpondence with her Majefty’s enemies.

Cap. 15. For the relief of Full Ernes gent, and others, who had elapfed their times, either for paying their money, or naming their nominees, for purchafing annuities; and alfo for relief of Sir John Mead knight and baronet, who had elapfed his time for paying part of his purchafe-money for a forfeited eftate in Ire-land, and alfo for relief of Dorothy Ireland, and others, in refpeft of fcveral tickets for payment of annuities,, and of feveral million lottery, and malt lottery tickets, and Exchequer bills, and debentures to the army, which have been burnt or loft.

Cap. 16. for punching mutiny and defertion, and falfe niufters; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 17. For railing the militia for the

4	year one thoufand feven hundred ajid five, although the month’s pay iformerly advanced be not repaid.

- • •. *.......... 'i	“	•

Cap. 18. For making perpetual an aft for the more eafy recovery of fmall tithes ; and alfo an aft for the more eafy pbtaining partition of lands in coparcenary, joint-tenancy, and tenancy in common; ana alfo for making more effeftual and amending feveral acts relating to the return of jurors.

Private Alls.

Anno 3	4	Annee.

1.	An act for fettling the right of fcveral parcels of land, and other tenements, and of certain fifhings, and tithes of fiftiings, in the fociety of the governor and afliftants, London, of the new plantation in Ul/ier% within the realm of Ireland, and their fucceffors ; and for fettling a rent charge of 2501. per annum upon the lord bilhop of Derry, and his fucceffors for ever.

2.	An act for naturalizing Thomas Le-vingJIon> vifeount Teviott in the kingdom of Scotland.

3.	An act for naturalizing Louift Marie Crejfety the wife of James Cref-fet, efq;

4.	An ait to enable Tbotnas , efq; and Elizabeth Fre, to make lea-fes for lives of the eftate of

Freie of Iwerne	,	efq;	de-

ceafed, as alfo the fon of George Pitt, efq; fo to do, when entitled, and in aitual pofleflion of the pre-mifles; and that he may be enabled to make a jointure upon any woman he (hall marry, out of the fame; and for eftablilhing a fchool in Iwerne Courtney, and augment, ing the vicarage of Corne Abbas, in the county of	Do

5.	An ait to enable Agnes Hgtche,

- widow, and other truftees, to make

leafes, and fell lands, in the county of	Devon, for the payment of the

debts and legacies of efq; deceafea; and for the maintenance and advancement of his daughters portions.

6t An ait for confirming an agreement

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

between the executors of Mo-fes Gould,, efq; deceafed, and his relid, for payment of the debts and maintenance of the younger children of the laid Mofes Gould, and for fettling other part of his eftate.

7. An ad for fale of .the eftate of Daniil Draiey *ent. deceafed, for the provision of his widow and children, according to his will.

?. An ad for naturalizing Henry Bowman.

9.	An ad for veiling in truftees certain manors and lands of William duke of DtOonJkirij and William Cavendifljy comfnonly called marquis of Hartington, to enable them to mortgage the fame for payment of debts, and fubjed thereunto to fettle the lame to the like ufes, as the fame are now fettled.

10.	An ad to enable the right honourable John lord Powlet, and Bridget, lady Powlet, his wife, with the content of their truftees, to fell their lhares and interred of and in certain manors and lands in the county, of Kent, and to purchafe other lands or hereditaments of the like value, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

11.	An ad to veft the eftate of Charley lord Howard, baron of Efcrici, in truftees, to tell the fame for payment of his debts.

12.	An ad for fale of feveral eftates in England and Ireland, for payment of the debts of Charles late earl of Burlington% and Cork.

13.	An ad for confirming an agreement made by certain articles by and between John earl of Kildare, Richard lord Bellew, both of the kingdom of Ireland, and Frances his lady, Charlotte countefs of Newburgh of the kingdom of Scotland, and William Rowley, efq; and for felling part of the eftate of the faid earl of Kildare, for the purpofes tliereip mentioned.

*4. An ad for confirmation of an 4-

greement made between Thomas late lord biftiop of Carlijle, and Thomas Cook, efq; for vetting the redory of Melborne in the county of Derby, in the faid Thomas Cook and his heirs, upon augmentation of' the rents to the bimoprick of Carlijle, and of the ftipend to the vicar of Mclbornt. ,

15.	An ad for fale of feveral manors and lands in the counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Brecon, for payment of the debts of Richard and Thomas Williams late of Cabalva in the county of Radnor, etquires, deceafed.

16.	An ad for vetting in truftees all the eftate of Baldwin Malett, efq; and William Malett, his fon and heir apparent, for payment of the debts of the faid Baldwin Malett to her Majefty, as he was receiver general for the county of Somerfet, and city and county of the city of Brijlol, and for fettling the refidue on the faid William Malett, his heirs and afligns for ever, a6 by a-greement between the faid Baldwin Malett and William Malett.

17.	An ad to impowerthe lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, to compound with Richard Cobb, efq; as one of the fure-ties of Thomas Cobb, gent, deceafed, receiver general for the county of Southampton, and IJle of Wight.

18.	An ad to impower the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, to compound with John Drake, John Hunton, and Edmund Cocke, as luret ies for Augujline Briggs, receiver general for the county of Norfolk and city of Norwich.

19.	An ad to impower the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, to compound with Sir Michael Biddulph, baronet, as he was one of the furetjes for Morgan Whitley, efq; receiver general for the counties of Qhejler and North Wales.

a 4	20.	An

Digitized by L^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

20.	An act for fettling of the tithes of certain lands in Franfton, in the county of Warwick, upon Simon Biddulph, efq; ancl his heirs, and for fettling a rent-charge in lieu thereof, upon the prefent reftor there, and his fucceffors for ever.

ll. An act for the augmentation of the vicarage of Gainsborough, in the county of Lincoln.

22> An aft to empower the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, to compound with Thomas Whitley, efq; as he was one of the fureties for Morgan Whitley, efq; late receiver general for the counties of Chefier and North Wales.

33. An act for falc of the eftate of Ambrofe Scudamore, efq; deceafed, for payment of the mortgage-money and debts thereupon, and placing out the overplus money to the ufes therein mentioned.

24.	An act for fate of certain lands and tenements in Hejlon in the county of Middlefex, late the eftate of Matthew Lijler and his wife, and Timothy Whitfield and his wife, for the purpofes therein mentioned.

25.	An aft to enable James Lockart, efq; and his wife, to fell certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the county of EJfex, late of Sir Thomas Luckm, baronet, deceafed, for payment of their debts, and to purchafe other lands with the overplus of the money, to be fettled to like ufes.

$6. An act for railing money by a mortgage of a plantation in the Barbadoes, to pay the debts of Robert Hooper.

27.	An act for fate of part of the eftate of Edward Baines, gent, for dif-charge of a mortgage thereupon, and making provifion for his daughters.

28.	An act for fevering anjl difunit-ing the church or chapel of Horne, from the church or chape! of Blech-inguy, in the county of Surrey.

2cjf. An aft to enable truftees to raife money to pay the debts of Mark Delves, efq; deceafed.

30.	An act for fate of feveral lands and hereditaments of Thomas Goddard of Rudlow, in the county of Wilts, efq; deceafed, for payment of his debts, and for fettling the overplus upon Ambrofe Goddard, for the purpofes therein mentioned.

31.	An sift for fate of feveral lands and hereditaments of George Nodes* efq; in the county of Hertford, for payment of his debts, and the debts

• of George Nodes, efq; his father, deceafed, charged thereupon.

32.	An aft to enable Jofeph Hinxman of North Hinton, in the county of Southampton, efq; to fell fome eftates in Andover, in the laid county; and for the fettling other eftates in Chrifi Church Twyneham in the faid county, of a better value, to the fatne ufes.

33.	An act for fate of feveral lands in the counties of Durham ahd Northumberland, late of Patridus Crow, efq; deceafed, for the railing the portions charged thereupon for his younger chilaren.

34.	An act for vetting an eftate mortgaged in fee by Thomas Burr, t& Anthony Tomkins (now an infant) in truftees, to reconvey the feme to the feid Thomas Burr, or as he (hall appoint, upon payment of all the monies due on the faid mortgage.

35.	An act for confirming and mak-ing good the laft will and teftament of Hugh Nanney, efq; deceafed.

36.	An aft to impower the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, to compound with John Mofon, gent, who was receiver general for the county, univerfity, and town of Cambridge, and Ifle of Ely; and alfo with John Pickering, filkman, one of the faid John Ma~ foris fureties, as he was fuch receiver,

37.	An

Digitized by v^.ooQle

ARABLE tht STATUTES.

37.	An act fer fate of the eftate of

Charles Bludvmth, efq; deceafcd, for payment of hia debts.

38.	An act for vefting the eftate late of Thomas Guyy gent, deceafcd, for payment of his debts.

39.	An aft to enable John ProRotyoi Rock in the county of Northumberland, efq; to fell or otherwife dif-pofe of his lands in Shawdooiy Show-ion Woodhoufty and Crawley, upon fettling lands of like value in the (aid county, in lieu thereof.

40.	An ad-tor fale of part of the e-ftaie of John Sands, efq; in the county of Surreyv for payment of his debts, and railing a portion for his daughter.

41.	An act for fale of the eftate of Richard Bally m Little Appleby and Great Applebyy in the counties of Derby and Leueflery and fbr laying out fo much of the money as will purchafe another eftate of equal value, to be fettled to the feme ufes, and the refidue in making pnovifion for younger children.

42.	An aft to enable Edmund Wallery efq; to charge his eftate (not fettled on his wife in jointure) with a fum of mohey for payment of his debts.

43.	An act for railing money for . payment of the debts of Thomas

HaUber, efq; by fele or mortgage of fome part of his eftate, and for the better execution of feveral powers in his marriage fettlement.

44.	An aft to enable John Greeny of Gavellacre in the county of South-amptofty clerk, to fell fome eftates in Hacklejlony in the county of Wilts; and for the fettling other eftates in Gavellacre, in the county of Southamptony of a better value, to the fame ufes.

45.	An aft to naturalize Margarita Cecilia Cadogan, wife of brigadier general Cadogany Gilbert Alflecky and John Herman Louis.

46.	An act for enabling truftees to make leafes of part of the manor

of Dingleyy and lands there, for payment of the debts of James Griffiny efq; and railing portions for younger childreoA

47.	An act for the Rfter explanation of the fettlement of the eftate of William Traffordy gent, and Clare his wife, and William their eldeft fon, and for making more effeftual a provifion for younger children, according to agreements between them.

48.	An act for vefting the equity of redemption of the manor arid capital meftuage of Lattkfotdy with the appurtenances, and divers freehold meftuages, farms, and lands, in Latcbford and Hafelyy in the county of Oxon, late the eftate of William Lenthall, "efq; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for difeharging of incumbrances thereupon.

49.	An aft to enable William Cavtn-Hfby efq; to Qifeke a fettlement in jointure upon any wife he (hall many, and for the better railing the portions charged upon his e-ftate, and for confirming infirm-chifcments of feveral copyhold e-ftates made by his father, within the manor or Dovebridge in the counties of Stafford and Derby.

50* An aft to enable Sir George IVhr-burtony baronet, to fell the manor or lonlfhtp of Pulford in the county of Chefler, to perform an agreement made upon his marriage for payment of feveral portions charged upon his eftate; and alto to pay fome debts which his father had power to charge.

51.	An act for fale of feveral lands and chattel eftates, in the county of Devony and city and county of Exon, of Jofeph Pricey for payment of his debts and legacies charged upon his eftate, and for a provifion for himfdf, his wife, and family.

52.	An aft to naturalize Andrew Girardoty alias Devermenouxy Francis Buzeliny and others.

53.	An



A TABLE of the STATUTES^

53.	An a& to make fome alterations and amendments in an adt of parliament obtained the laft feflion by Sir Peter Tyr^L and Thomas Tyr-riU his fon, in order to enable them to fell feveral lands in Hanflop, and Caflletbrop, in the county of Bucks, which were fettled upon the marriage of the faid Thomas TyrriU and Dorothy his wife, and to fettle other lands in lieu thereof

54.	An adt for fale of part of the e-ftate of Bapti/l May, efq; deceafed, for reimburfing Charles May, efq; his nephew, fuch monies as he has expended for difcharging the debts, legacies, and funeral expences of the faid Bapti/l May.

55.	An adt for fale of the eftate of Thomas Holdford, efq; in Plumbly, and elfewhere, in the county of Chefter, confiding chiefly in rever-fions, to raife money for payment of his debts, and purchafing an filiate in poflefiion, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the other eftate was fettled.

56.	An adt for confirming a leafe heretofore made, of certain meflu-ages and lands in Epfom, by Sir Jofeph Sheldon, and Sir James Ed-wardsyto Humprey Bean, and agreed to be figned to Sir Thomas Cooke, knight, and for enabling a leafe of other lands adjoining to the fame, to be made to him.

57.	An adt for vefting in truftees the eftate late of Sir Thomas Worfopp», Jcnight, and John JVorfopp, efq; his fon deceafed, in Finsbury-Fields or Moor-Fields, in the parifh of Shoreditch, in the county of Middlefex, to be fold for the payment of debts and legacies, and the overplus of the money remaining, to be laid put for the purchafing of meflu-ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments of inheritance in the kingdom of Ireland, to be fettled as in the adt is particularly mentioned.

^8. An adt to empower die lord high

treafiirer, or commiflioaers of the

, treafiiry, to compound with Thomas Kenyon, executor of Luke Uoyd,

- efq; as he was one of the fureties of Morgan Whitley, efq; as he was receiver general for the counties of Chefter and North Wales.

59.	An adt for vefting the eftate of Jofeph Grainge, and Elizabeth his wife, in truftees, to be fold, and to difpofe of part of,the money arif-ing by fuch fale for the maintenance of the faid Elizabeth, purfuant to their marriage Settlement, and to* apply the refidue to the payment of the debts of the faid Jofeph Grainge.

60.	An adt to enable truftees to fell fuch part of the eftate of Richard• Lifter, efq; and Frances Pate Lifter, his wife, foie daughter and heir of Sir Thomas Smith, Daronet, deceafed, in the pounty of Chefter, and city of Chefter, as remains unfold, in order to raife money for the payment: of the debts ot the faid air Thomas Smith, and for portions for

, younger children of the faid Frances Pate Lifter; and for applying the overplus in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes as they are now fettled; and likewife for confirming fuch leafes and (ales as have been made towards difcharge of the faid debts.

61.	An adt to empower the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, to compound with Michael Wicks, efq; late receiver general of the plantation duties in the port of London.

Anno 4 Anna•

Cap. 1. For exhibiting a bill ip this prefent parliament for naturalizing the rnoft excellent princefs Sophia, eledtrefs and dutchefs cjowager of Hanover, and the iflue of her body.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to her

M*r



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix.

Cap. 3. To repeal feveral daufes in the ftatute made in the third and fourth years of herprefentMajefty's reign, for fecuring the kingdom of England from feveral ads lately palled in the parliament of Scotland. Cap. 4. For the naturalization of the moft excellent princefs Sophia, elec-trefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the ifliie of her body. Cap. 5. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the (Service of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix. Cap. 6. For continuing an additional lubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and certain duties upon coals, culm, and cinders, and additional duties of excife, and for fettling and efta-blilhing a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities, to be fold for raifing a further fupply to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and other pfes therein men-* tioned.

Cap. 7. For making the town of New Rofs, in the county of Wexford in the kingdom of Ireland, a port for the exporting of wool from Ireland into this kingdom.

Cap. 8. For the better fecurity of her Maiefty’s perfon and government, apd of the fucceffion to the crown t' of England in the proteftant line. Cap. 9. For repairing the highways between Barnhill and Hatton Heath, in the county of Chefler.

Cap. 10. For the better recruiting her Majefty’s army and marines. Cap. 11. For continuing an alt made in the fefiion held in the third and fourth years of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for puntjhing mutiny and defertion, and falfe muffin, and for the better payment of the ott my and quarters*

Cap. 12. For laying further duties on low wines, and tor preventing die damage to her Majefty*s reverfue by importation of foreign cut whalebone, and for making fome provifions as to the ftampt duties, and the duties on births, burials, and marriages, and the fait duties, and touching million lottery tickets, and for enabling her Majefty to difpofc the effects of William Kidd, a notorious pirate, to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, and for appropriating the puMick monies granted in this feffion of parliament. Cap. 13. For the better ordering and governing the watermen and lightermen upon the river of Thamiu Cap. 14. For the better coHedfting charity money on briefs, by letters patent, and preventing abufes in relation to fuch charities. • Cap. 15. For making the river Stower navigable, from tte town of Man-ingtree in the county of EJfex, to the town of Sudbury in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 16. For the amendment of the law, and the better advancement of juftice.*

Cap. 17. To prevent frauds frequently committed by bankrupts.

Cap. 18. For enlarging the pier and harbour of Pdrton in the county of Cumberland.

Gap. 19. Forthccncouragement and increafeof feamen,and for the better and fpeedier manning her Ma-jeft/s fleet.

Cap. 20. For the better enabling the matter, wardens, and afiiftants of Trinity Houfe, to rebuild the light-houfe on the Edyjlone rock.

Cap. 21. For the increafe and better prefervation of falmon, and other fi(h, in the rivers within the coum-ties of Southampton and Wilts.

Cap. 22. To impower the lord high treafurer, or commiifioncrs of the treafury, to iflue out of the monies arifing by the coinage duty, any *	fuiq



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

. Aim not exceeding five hundred pounds, over and above the Aim of three thoufand pounds yearly, for the ufe of the mint.

Cap. 23. For raifing the militia for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix, notwithstanding the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for an account to be made of trophy monies.

Cap. 24. To enlarge the time for fegiftring unfatisiied debentures upon the forfeited eftates in Ireland, and for renewing of other debentures, which have been loft, burnt, or deftroyed.

Cap. 25. For the paying and clearing tne feveralregiments commanded by lieutenant general Stewart, colonel./////, and brigadier Holt, and

. for fupplying the defed of the mufter rolls of thole and feveral other regiments.

Cap. 26. For making effedual a grant of their late majefties King fVilUam and Queen Mary, of the town and lands of Sea Town to the

* archbilhoprick of Dublin, and for reftoring the fame to the laid fee.

Cap. 27. For the impropriate tithes of the parilh of Saint Bridget alias Bride's London.

Private Afts.

Anno 4 Anna.

1.	An ad for fate of the eftate late of Thomas Chute, efq; in the county of Warwick, and laying out the monies arifing thereby, in the pur-chafe of other lands and hereditaments in the county of Norfolk, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the Warwitkjbire eftate ftands fettled.

2.	An ad for naturalizing William Burnet, efq;

3.	An ad for naturalizing Peter SiU veftre, dodor ctf phyfick.

4.	An ad for naturalizing Adelaide dutchefs of Shrewjbury.

5.	An ad for exchanging the parfon-age houfe, and certain glebe lands

belonging to the redory of Wait on at Stone in the county oif Hertjordy for a certain other houfe and Lands of greater value, lying in Watton at Stone aforefaid, of and belonging to Philip Boteler, efq;

6- An ad to enable Sir Thomas Cave* baronet to fell certain lands in the county of Northampton, to raife money to pay his brothers and Afters portions, and fettle other lands in the faid county of Nor~ thampton, and county or Leiceftery of better valoe, to the fame ufes.

7.	An ad for confirming an agreement made upon the marriage of Charles Owen, efq; and Dorothy his wife, of Najb in the county of Pembroke.

8.	An ad for fale of part of the eftate of James Hamilton, efq; a minor, for payment of his debts, and for raifing portions for younger children, and for making fee farms, and leafes for lives, during his minority.

9.	An ad for fupplying a defed (by the death of a truftee) in the appointment of provifions for the younger children of Henry Smal-man, efq; deceafed, and for making the laid provifion more effedual for fuch younger children.

10.	An ad to enable John Edwards, gentleman, to fell certain lands in the county of Norfolk, for payment of debts.

11.	An ad to permit the making up of clothes with buttons of cloth, for exportation, for cloathing tht

, army of the allies, notwithftanding the ad againft cloth buttons.

12.	An ad for the relief of Sir Stephen Evence, knight, and Henry Cornijh, efq;

43. An ad for relief of John AfgiU, efq; in relation to his pprehafe of part of the forfeited eftates in Ireland.

14.	An ad for naturalizing William Lewis Legrand.

15. An

Digitized by L^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

15.	An ad for the relief of colonel Samuel Fenner.

16.	An ad for naturalizing Jacob PechiUis and others.

17.	An ad for enabling James duke of Ormond, and Cbanes tzd of Arran, to fettle fee farm rents in the county of Tipparary in the kingdom of Ireland, purfuant to an agreement upon the marriage of the faid earl of Arran, and for making good feterai grants made by the faid earl in fee farm.

x&. An ad for vetting the inheritance of a mefluage and gardens in Alton, in the county of Aftddlejex, pur-chafed by the right honourable Evelyn earl of Kingdom upon Hull, in truftees, for the laid earl and bis heirs.

19.	An ad for making the exemplification of the will of Edward late earl of Oneway, under the feal of the court of Chancery, in the kingdom of Ireland, and the depofitions relating to the fame, evidence on hearings in equity and trial at law.

20- An ad to enable Scrope lord vif-count Howe of the kingdom of Ireland, to make a certain provifion for his daughters by his firft wife, that which was .intended, being, as exprefled in marriage fettlemenr/ uncertain and contingent.

21.	An ad to enlarge the power of Richard lord Bulkeley, vifeount CaJbeUs in the kingdom of Ireland, of leafing his eftate in Chejbire, for performance and fatisfadion of the trails upon the faid eftate.

22.	An ad for fale of part of the eftate of Henry lord Colerane, baron of Colerane in the kingdom of Ireland, and fupplying the want* of in roll mem of a deed concerning other part of his eftate.

23.	An ad for the fupplying the de-fed of a common recovery, fuffer-ed by Philip Smith, efq; vifeount Strangford of the kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, efq; his

eldeft fon, and of the deed tohich declared the ufes of the laid recovery.

24.	An ad for-fale of the manor of Temple Dionijley, alias Dinjley, and other lands m the county of Hertford, for the payment of the debts of Sir Edvin Sadlier, baronet, and Other purpofes.

25.	An ad to enable Sir John Humble, baronet, and his truftees, to fettle feveral mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, lying in the counties of Lincoln, Surrey, and Kent, purfuant to the articles and agreements made upon his marriage with dame Sarah his now wife.

26.	An ad for veiling the eftate of Richard Bold, efq; in truftees, to be leafed, ibid, or mortgaged, for raif-mg the portions, debts, and mollies to which the feme is liable.

27.	An ad for veiling certain terms for forty years, in truftees, which were granted by John Ahingten, efq; deceafed, and to impower them to grant, renew, and fill up leafes, according to thOufege of the

. manor therein mentioned, and for railing portions for the younger

. children of the faid John Abington.

28.	An ad for veiling the equity of redemption of the lands and tenements lying in the county of Lei-cejler, late the eftate of John Digby, efq; deceafed, in truftees, to the intent that the fame may be fold for the difeharging of the mortgages and other incumbrances thereon.

29.	An ad to impower Thomas Carey, and George Hatley of London, merchants, to import the remainder of a quantity of French wines from Copenhagen, contraded for before the firft day of January, one theu-fand feven hundred and four.

30.	An ad to enable truftees to make provifion for pavment of debts of WiHiam Huggejfen, efq; and for railing portions for his younger fans, and for making good the intended

fet-



A TABLE of the STATUTES,

fettlement upon the marriage of William Huggejfcn theyounger,gent.

31.	An a d for fale of lands in the counties of Southampton and Dorfety late the eftate of Thomas Deane, efq; deceafed, for payment of the debts and legacies charged thereupon, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

32.	An ad for augmenting the number of canons refidcntiary, in the cathedral church of Litcnfieldy and for improving the deanry and prebends of the faid cathedral.

33.	An ad for relief of non commif-fion officers and private foldiers of the lord Drogheda's and colonel Coot's regiments.

34.	An ad for fale of the manor and eftate of and in Hetherfedge and Dore in the county of Derby, the eftate of Chriflopher Pegg, efq; and mortgaging part of his manor and eftate of and in Beauchiff and Strawberry Lee in the fame county, for railing money for payment of debts and incumbrances thereon, and for making provilion for his family.

35.	An ad to enable William Gomel-dotty efq; to fell a farm in Kenty to difcharge an incumbrance upon the fame, and to apply the refidue of the monies arifing by fuch fale, in payment of the faid William Gomel-don's debts.

36.	An a<5l for veiling a mortgage of Humphry Courtney, efq; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold to difcharge the mortgages, debts and incumbrances on the faid eftate.

37.	An ad for veiling, in truftees, the eftate of Morris Gouljlony efq; for the railing his lifters portions, and payment of debts, and other pur-poles therein mentioned.

38.	An ad for veiling certain, meffu-ages and lands in the counties of Devon and Cornwall of Nicholas RoWy efq; in truftees, to be fold, and applying the greatell part of the

purchafe-money to the ufes 6f his marriage fettlement, and the refi-due foV payment of debts.

39.	An ad tor the relief of colonel John Rice.

40.	An ad fot the removing all doubts touching the faving claufe of one ad of parliament, intituled. An act for vefing divers manors and lands of Matthew Holworthy, efq\\ in truftees y to be foldy and purchafeng other manors or lands of equal value, and limiting the manors or lands to be purchafed to the fame ufeSy as the lands to be fold are limited.

41.	An ad for fale of the manor of Barwick Hally and other lands in the county of Ejfexy the eftate of William Forbes, efq; and for pur-chafing other lands to be fettled to the fame ufes.

42.	An ad to veil certain lands and tenements in the counties of Kenty the eftate of Richard Thomhilly efq; in truftees, to be fold for the payment of debts, and his lifters portions charged thereupon, and for fecuring the refidue of the pur-chafe money, to the ufes of his marriage fettlement.

43.	An ad to enable John Brett Fifhery efq; and Judith his wife, to fell lands for tne payment of his debts, and making provilion for his wife and children, in cafe they lhall have any.

44.	An ad to enable John Williams, an infant, notwithftanding his infancy, to renew a leafe of the par-fonage of Bugdeny held under one of the prebendaries of the cathedral church of Lincoln; and alfo for fettling the prebend of Bugdeny as an augmentation for the vicar of Bug-deny and veiling the eccleliaftical jurifdidion of the parilh of Bugden in the bilhop of Lincoln.

45.	An ad for the fale of lands in the county of Ltncobty late the eftate of John StanhopCy efq; -deceafed, for payment of his debts.

46.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

46.	An ad for taking the eftate in law, for a mortgage made by John Sands, efq; which, is defeenaed to the daughters and coheirs of John Par git er, deceafed (who are infants ) they being only truftees for Henry Raper* merchant.

47.	An ad to impower the lord high treafurer of England* or commim-oners of the treafury for the time being, to compound with Thomas Tbomkins and John Chagneau, and their Securities, for the debts owing by them refpedively to her Majefty.

48.	An ad to enable truftees to fell Several houfes and lands in and near Port/mouth, late the eftate of Elizabeth Hicks, for payment of 4 debt and intereft charged thereupon, and for laying out the refidue of the money in other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

49.	An ad for veiling the freehold and copyhold eftate of Thomas Gower, gent, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for payment of debts, and fettling the remainder for the benefit of his daughters.

50.	An ad for veiling the eftate of Valentine Crome of Maiden Early in the county of Berks, gent, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his father’s debts, and making a provision for himfelf and brother.

51.	An ad for the fale of lands, late of John Ballet, gent, deceafed, for the more fpeedy payment of his debts, and railing portions for his younger children.

52.	An ad for the more effedual af-furing of part of the lands of inheritance of William and Thomas Lombardia the county of Kent, purfuant to a deed of fettlement; and for af-furing (in lieu of other part thereof) other lands .of inheritance therein alfo mentioned, and for better provifion for younger children.

53.	An ad for veiling the capital mclTuage and other lands and tene-

ments of Foulke Wynne* in the county of Denbigh, gent, and Meredith Wynne his fon, in truftees, to the intent that part thereof may be fold for payment of his debts, and the refidue fettled purfuant to marriage articles.

54.	An ad for veiling the eftates qf Chrijlopher Reve the elder, clerk, deceafed, and of Chrijlopher Reve, clerk, his only fon, alfo deceafed, in certain truftees, to be fold for the payment of their feveral debts and legacies, and for making fome provifion for Dorothy the widow of the faid Chrijlopher Reve the fon, and for Chrijlopher Reve his only child, an infant.

55.	An ad for veiling the eftate of Arthur Vaughan of Trether wen, in the county of Montgomery, an infant, in truftees, to be fold for payment of fuch debts and incumbrances, to which the fame, or the faid infont, in refped thereof, is liable.

56.	An ad for veiling the eftate of Elizabeth Hore, in the county, of Bucks, in truftees, to be fold, and the monies ariling thereby, to be applied for the payment of debts charged thereon.

57.	An ad for fale of the manor of Eflevening, and other lands and hereditaments in Swinjhead, in the county of Lincoln, late the eftate of Chrijlopher Fairfax, gent, deceafed, for payment of his debts, and benefit of his children.

58.	An ad for veiling part of the real eftate of Ralph Baldwin, gent, in truftees, for a provifion for his younger children.

59.	An ad for fettling and fecuring part of the eftates of Robert Barry, clerk, and Anne his wife, for the benefit of the faid Anne and her children, and fale of other part of the eftate of the faid Robert Barry, for payment of his debts.

60.	_An ad for yelling the fum of

two



A T ABLE of the STATUTES.

two thoufand pounds in truftees, to be applied to and for the payment of the debts of John Holwor-thy, gent, purfuantto an agreement with his creditors.

61.	An ad for the fale of an advow-fon in Suffixr, late the eftate of Mtchoel Sorocold, clerk, deceafed for payment of his debts, and making proviCon for his widow and childV

62.	An ad for fale of the eftate of John Ficcary, deceafed, in Rjockbear, m the county of Devon, for payment of his debts charged thereupon, and for maintenance of his widow and children.

63.	An ad to impower the lord high treafurer of England, or commiffi-oners of the treafury for the time being, to compound with Francis Clyes, as furety for William Pennock, late of Exon, merchant, in fix feve-ral bonds, for duties on tobacco, which the faid William Pennock had at the port of Falmouth, in December, one thoufand feven hundred and otfe.

64.	An ad to redify a miftake in, and explain an ad palled in the laft feffion, to empower the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, to compound with Richard Cobb, efq; as one of the fureties for Thomas Cobb, gent, receiver general for the county of Southampton and IJle of Wight.

65.	An ad to make the (hip UArna-zone, taken and condemned as a prize, and fold in the iiland of Barbadoes free.

66.	An ad for naturalizing Paul, Frances, and Katharine Kilfly.

67.	An ad for naturalizing of Vincent de Laymerie, and others.

Anno 5 Anna.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to her Majefty, by a land tax, to be raifed in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feven.

Cap. 2. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice of die year one thoufand feven hundred and feven.

Cap. 3. For the fading the honours and dignities of John duke of Marlborough upon his pofterity, and annexing the honour and manor of Woodftock, and houfe of Bleinheim, to go along with the (aid honours.

Cap. 4. For fettling upon John duke of Marlborough and his pofterity, a penfion of five thoufand pounds per annum, for the more honourable fupport of their dignities, in like manner as his honours and dignities, and the honour and manor of Woodftock, and houfe of Bleinheim, are already limited and fettled.

Cap. 5. For fecuring the church of England as by law eftablifhed.

Cap. 6. For repealing a claufe in an ad, intituled. An act for the better apprehending, profecuting, and punijh-ing felons that commit burglaries, houfe-breaking, or robberies in /bops, warehoufes, coacb-boufis, or ftaUes, or that Jlealhorfes.

Cap. 7. For regulating and afoer-taining the duties to be paid by the unfreemen importers of coals into the port and borough of Great Tar-mouth, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 8. For an union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland.

Cap. 9. For rendring more effedual an ad pafled in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled, An act for the better preventing efcapes out of the Queen’s Bench and Fleet prifons.

Cap. 10. For repairing the highway between Hockliffe and Woborne, in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 11. I* or continuing the ads formerly made for repairing of the highways in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 12. For the enlarging the pa(T-

age



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ige leading to New Palace Yard through the Gatehoufe, JVeftthinfler.

Cap. 13. For continuing the duties upon houfes, to fecure a yearly fund for' circulating Exchequer bills, whereby a fum not exceeding fifteen hundred thoufand pounds i9 intended to be raifed, for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions.

Cap. 14. For the better prefervation of the game.

Cap. ic. For the better recruiting her Majefty’s land forces and the marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and feven.

Cap. 16. For continuing an a<ft made in the third and fourth years of her Majefty’s reign, intituled, An act for punijhing mutiny and defer tion y and falfe mujlers, and for the better payment of the army and quartern.

Cap. 17. To repeal all the laws prohibiting the importation of foreign lace made with thread.

Cap. 18. For inrolments of bargains and fales within the Wejl Riding of the county of Yorky in the regifter office there lately provided; and for making the faid regifter more ef-fedtual.

Cap. 19. For continuing the duties on low wines, and fpirits of the firft extraftion, and the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and part of the duties on ftamp'd vellum, parchment, and paper, and the late duties on fweets, and the one third fubfidv of tonnage and poundage, and for fettling and eftabli filing a fund thereby, and by the application of certain overplus monies, and otherwife, for payment of annuities, to be fold for railing a further fupply to her Majefty, tor the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feven, and other ufes therein ex-prefled.

Cap. 20. For the better encourage-' ment of the royal luftrjng company, Vol. XI,

Cap. ai. For repairing the highway between Fornhill in the county of Bedford, and the town of Stony-Stratford in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. 2l« To explain and amend an adt of the laft feflion of parliament for preventing frauds frequently committed by bankrupts.

Cap. ^3. To fubjedt the eftate of 'Thomas Brerewood to the creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithftanding any agreement or compofition made by the creditors of the faid Thomas Pitkin.

Cap. 24. For difchargingfmall livings from their firft fruits and tenths, and all arrears thereof.

Cap. 25. For making the adls more effectual for appropriating the forfeited impropriations in lrelaniy for the building of churches, and augmenting poor vicarages there.

Cap. 26. For repairing the highways between Shepherds-Sbord and the Devizesy ana between the top of Arlington Hill and Rowd Ford in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 27. For continuing feveral fub-fidies, impolitions, and duties, and for making provifions therein mentioned, to raife money by way of loan for the fervice’of the war, and other her Majefty’s neceflary and important occafions; and for ascertaining the wine meafure.

Cap. 28. For raifing the militia for the year one thoufand feven hundred and feven, notwithftanding the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for an account to be made of trophy money.

Cap. 29. For cafe of her Majefty’s fubjedts in relation to the duties upon fait, and for making the like allowances upon the exportation of white herrings, flelh? oatmeal, and grain called beer alias bigg, as are to be shade upon exportation of the like from Scotland.

Cap. 30. For the better fecuriof^her

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

• Majeity’s purchafe of Cotton Hmft in tVeftminJler.

Cap. 31. For the encouraging the difcovery and apprehending of houfe-breakers.

Can. 32. For the continuing the laws for the puniftiment of vagrants, and for making fuch laws more effeftual.

Cap; 33. For obliging John Rice to account for debentures granted to him in the laft feflion of parliament.

Cap. 34. For continuing the laws therein mentioned relating to the poor, and to the buying and felling of cattle in Smithfield, and for fup-preffing of piracy.

Private Alls.

Anno 5 Anna.

1.	An act for naturalizing Maria Margaret Lady North and Grey.

2.	An aft to enable Henry Grey, fe-cond fon of Richard Neville efq; to change his name from NevHL to Grey, according to the will of Ralph lord Grey deceafed.

3.	An aft to make the (hip called the Neptune privateer (a foreign-built (hip, late bought as a wreck) a free (hip.

4.	An aft to make the (hip Vigilantia of Stad upon the river of Elbe in Germany (lately a wreck) a free (hip.

5.	An act for naturalizing John Ttgh.

6.	An aft to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, for the time being, to compound with Benjamin Ntchollj citizen and late merchant of London* and his fureties, for the debt owing by him to her Majefty.

7.	An act for the relief of Sir John Mead, of the kingdom of Ireland, knight and baronet.

8.	An act for empowering the barons of the court of Exchequer in Ire-land, to grant a commiflion to feme perfons in England* to admioifter

to Thomas Maule, efq; remembrancer of the faid court, the ufual oaths for the due execution of his office, and to enable him to take the oaths, and fubfcribe the declaration, in the court of Chancery in England, inftead of thofe requifite to be taken and fubfcribed by the laws of England and Ireland, in order to qualify him to execute the faid office.

q. An act for naturalizing Philip Van-den Enden, merchant.

10.	An act for making the (hip Supply a free (hip.

11.	An aft to enable the right honourable Henry earl of Thommdy an infant, to make a fettlement of his eftate upon his marriage (notwith-ftanding his infancy) and for other the purpofes in the faid aft mentioned.

12.	An act for making more effectual a fettlement made by fVilliam lord biftiop of Oxford* for the benefit of his children.

13.	An act for difcharging feveral lands in the county oifVorceJleryfxom the fum of two thoufand pounds, given by the will of dame Elizabeth Rich, widow, deceafed, for charitable ufes, and charging the fame upon other lands in the county of Berks.

14.	An act for fupplying the deleft of an appointment tor the provifion of the younger children of John Canham, efq; deceafed, purfuant to his marriage fettlement, and for fettling an eftate in Totteridge, in lieu of thirteen hundred pounds, the remainder of a fum of money agreed to be laid out in a purchafe.

15.	An act for fale of fome part of the eftate of Henry Darrely elq; deceafed, and leafing or mortgaging other part thereof, to raife money to pay his debts charged thereupon, ana for making provifion for his widow and younger children.

16.	An act for veiling part of the

efate

Digitized by L^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

eftate of William Fitchy efq; lying in the county of Dorfet, in truftees,. to be fold for the payment of his fillers portions, and other debts, and for preferving the refidue free from all power of wafte, and for fettling certain tithes in the IJle of Wight to the fame ufes.

17. An act for enabling Agnes Lie, widow, to renew certain leafes for lives, belonging to Richard Lee, her fon, who is an infant.

*8. An act for fettling the eftate of Danhel Thomas, gent, for the benefit of his wife and children.

19.	An act for fale of certain houfes near Aldgate in London, late the eftate of William Williams, deceaf-ed, and for purchafing lands in lieu thereof.

20.	An aft to empower the lord high treafurer of England, or commif-fioners of the treafury for the time being, to compound with Nathaniel Rich, efq; late receiver general for the county of Effex.

21.	An act for the relief of John Eater, his mother, brother, and lifters, widow and children of col. Henry Baker, deceafed.

22.	An act for making the Ihip Prince (foreign built) a free (hip.

23.	An act for difcharging divers manors and lands of Henry duke of Beaufort, from the portions of his daughters and younger children by his prefent dutchefs, and for charg-

* ing other manors and lands of the faid duke of greater value with the like portions.

24.	An aft to enable Henry Pye, efq; to make a jointure.

25.	An act for fale of part of the eftate of William Potts, for difcharging his brothers and filters portions, and his debts, and for confirming his marriage fettlement, as to the reiidue of his eftate, discharged of fuch portions.

26.	An act for vefting lands in Chel-fia, in the county of Middlefex,

purchafed of Charles lord 6heney vifcount Newhaven in Scotland, ia the Queen’s majefty, for the accommodation of Chelfea College, and other lands, in John lord Vaughan earl of Carbury in Ireland, and his heirs.

27.	An act for confirming and efta-blifhing the partitions made fee-tween William Pierrepoint, efq; (fince deceafed) and the hortourafele Charles Egerton, efq; and others' of feveral manors and lands in the counties of Suffolk, Kent, and Surrey9 and to enable William and Samuel Pierrepoint, infants, to make partition of land in other counties, and to fell the fame, and purchafe other lands to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for rectifying a miftake in the marriage fettlement of William Peck, efq;

28.	An act for vefting in truftees^ a mefluage and lands in Ratclijfe Culey, in the county of Leicefter, to be fold, upon the fettling of another eftate of as great or greater value, to the fame ufes as the lands to be fold are fettled.

29.	An act for relief of Alexander Pendarvis, efq; in relation to five thoufand pounds, and intereft provided for him outoflands i nlr eland.

30.	An act for the better fupport and maintenance of the minifter of 7>/-tenhall, in the county of Stafford, for the time being.

31.	An aft to veft certain mills and lands in Downton, in the county of Wilts (the eftate of William Eyre a lunatick) in truftees, to be fold, and for applying part of the monies arifing by the fale thereof for payment of the debts of the faid lunatick, and making fome prOvi-fion for Ambroje Eyre, his eldeft fon and heir, and for applying the refidue of fuch monies in purchafing of other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the faid premifles to be fold are now fettled.

b 2	32- An

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

32.	An a St to enable truftees to fell feveral lands at Colegreene within the manor of Hertingfordburyjn the county of Hertford, and the manor of the re&ory of Hertingfordbury aforefaid, late the eftate of Anne Winwoody deceafed, for payment of a debt of fix hundred pounds and iotereft, due upon mortgage and bond* or fpecialty; and for laying out the refidue of the money arising by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands or tenements, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the faid lands are now fettled.

33.	An a& for veiling a manfion houfe, and lands thereunto adjoining, in the county of Middlefexy the eftate of William Hyde* merchant, in truftees, to be forthwith fold for the better maintenance and prefent provifion for his children.

34.	An,a<ft to veft feveral lands and hereditaments in the county of York) in Robert Hitch, efq; and his heirs, and to fettle other lands and hereditaments in the faid county in lieu thereof, and as an exchange thereof, to the fame ufes. *

35.	An a61 for rectifying a miftake, and for fupplying the defects in an aft of the third year of her Maje-fty’s reign, for fale of the eftate late of Edward Baines, for difeharge of a mortgage thereupon, and for making provifion for his daughters.

36.	An a<ft for. fale of the eftate in the county of Montgomery, late part of the eftate of Gilbert Charlton, efq; deceafed, and for purchafing other eftate or eftates in the counties of Nottingham, Leicejlery or Lincoln, to be fettled to the like ufes as the eftate In the county of Montgomery was fettled.

37.	An a<5t for the fale of certain lands contained in the marriage fet-tlement of Daniel King and Jane his wife, and for purchafing other lands of the fame or greater value, to be’fettled to the fame ufes; alfo

for giving liberty to Jane Nicholl* widow, and the executors of Sir William Pritchard, to pay two fums of four thoufand pounds, and two thoufand pounds, mentioned in the faid fettlement, in the life-time of the faid Jane Nicholl.

38.	An a<5t for fale of part of the eftate of John Weedon of Souldern, in the county of Oxon* efq; for payment of his father’s debts and legacies, and portions to his younger children, and for fettling the reft of his eftate to the ufes of the father’s voluntary fettlement.

39.	An aCl to enable Thomas Clarke* an infant, to make a leafe of a houfe in St. Mary Axe in London, to Sir

' Jtfery Jefferys* knight.

40.	An aCl for encouraging the rebuilding the antient parilh church of Humberjlone, in the county of Lincoln, and fettling a rent charge of greater value on the bifhop of Lincoln and his fucceffors, in lieu of the reCtory of ' Humberjlone, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

41.	An adlfor veiling the reverfion in fee of certain ma'nors and lands,

' in the county of Kent* late the eftate of Mountague Drake, efq; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts and legacies.

42.	An aCl for the better difeovery of the eftate of John Aynfworth late of London, merchant.

43.	An aCl to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiftioners of the treafury for the time being, to compound with John Crojfe, merchant, and his fureties, for the debt owing by him to her Majefty.

44.	An aCl to enable the truftees of William Elfon* an infant, to fell part of his eftate for payment of his father’s debts on fpecialties.

45.	An aCt to enable the lord treafurer, or commiftioners of the treafury for the time being, to compound with John Pye, gentt and

6	his

Digitized by LjOOQLe

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

his fureties, for the debt by him and them owing to her Majefty.

46.	An act for the relief of Elizabeth Wansford, and Elizabeth Foulke.

47.	An act for naturalizing John Thomeur, and others.

48.	An aft to naturalize Henry Van Holte9 and others.

Anno 6 Anna.

Can. 1. For granting an aid to her Majefty, to be raifed by a land tax in Great Britain, for tne fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eight.

Cap. 2. Fpr repealing and declaring the determination of two afts paff-ed in the parliament of Scotland, the one, intituled. Aft for the fecu-rity of the kingdom \ the other. Aft orient peace and war.

Cap. 3. For better fecuring the duties of Eafl India goods.

Cap. 4. For charging and continuing die duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice or the year one thoufand feven hundred and eight

Cap, 5. For railing a further fupply to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eight, and other ufes, by (ale of annuities charged on a fund, not exceeding forty thoufand pounds per annum, to arife by appropriating feveral furplufles, and by granting further terms in the duties on low wines, and on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, the ftampt duties, the one third fubfidy, the duty on fweets, and one ot the branches of excife, and by making other provifion in this act mentioned,

Cap. 6. For rendering the union of the two kingdoms more entire and complete.

Cap. 7. For the fecurity of her Majefty’s perfon and government, and

of the fucceflion to the crown, of Great Britain in the proteftant line. Cap. 8. For encouraging the dreffing and dying of woollen cloths within this kingdom, by laying a duty upon broad cloth exported white. Cap, 9. For the exportation of white woollen cloth.

Cap. 10. For the better recruiting her Majefty’s land forces, and the marines, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eight.

Cap. 11. For continuing one half part of the fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes imported, which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charier II. and for fettling a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities, not exceeding eighty thoufand pounds per annum, to be fold for railing a further fupply to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year 1708. and other ufes therein exprefled.

Cap. 12. To explain the aft of the laft feflion of parliament, for the eafe of her Majefty’s fubjefts in • relation to allowances out of the ’ duties upon fait carried coaftwife, at>d ajfo ah aft of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, in relation to certain falt-works near the fea-fidp , and bay of Holyhead in the county of Anglejea.

Cap. 13. For the better fecuring the trade of this kingdom by cruifers and convoys.	3

Cap. 14. For the better fecurity of her Majefty’s perfon and government.

Cap. 15. To impower her Majefty to fecufe and detain fuch perfons as her Majefty (hall fufpeft are c6n-fpiring againft her perfon or government.

Cap. 16. For repealing the aft of the firft year of King James I. inti-b 3	tuled.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tuled. An act for the well garbling . of fpices; and for granting an equivalent to the city of London, by admitting brokers.

Cap. 17. For afluriftg to the Englijh company trading to the Eajl Indies, on account of the united ftock, a longer time in the fund and trade therein mentioned, and for railing thereby the fum of 1,200,oool. for • carrying on the war, and other her J Majefty’s occafions.

•Cap. 18. For the more effedtOal flif-» covery of the death of perfons pretended to be alive, to the prejudice of thofe who claiih eftates after their deaths.

'Cap. iq. For continuing the half iubfidies therein mentioned, with feveral impofitions and other duties, to raife money by way of loan, for the fervice ot the war, and other hpr Majefty’s neceflaty and Important occafions, and for charging of prize goods and feizures, arid for taking off the drawbacks of foreign cordage, and to obviate the , clgndcftine importation of wrought

m.

]Cajv 2d. For continuing an ail made ^ in, the third year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An alt for punijb~

’ ing mutiny and defertion and falfe , mifiers, and for the better payment . if the army and quarters.

1Cap.ii. For die avoiding of doubts andquieftions touching die ftatutes , of divers cathed/al and collegiate churches.

Cap. 22i For continuing feveral duties therein mentioned, upon coffee, chocolate, fpices, pictures, and muffins, and additional duties upon feveral of the faid commodities, and certain duties upon callicoes, china wares, and drugs; and for continuing the duties called the two third fubfidies of tonnage and poundage; for preferving the pub-lick credit; and for afeertaining the duties of coals exported for foreign

parts; and for fecuring the credit of the bank of England; and for palling feveral accounts of taxes railed in the county of Monmouth; and for promoting the confumption of fuch tobacco as (hall have paid her Majefty’s duties.

Cap. 23. To make farther provifion tor eleiling and fummoning fixteen peers of Scotland, to lit in the houfe of peers in the parliament of Great Britain; and for trying peers for offences committed in Scotland; and for the further regulating of votes in elections of members to ferve in parliament.

Cap. 24. For the farther direfling the payment of the equivalent money.

Cap. 25. To enable her Majefty to make Ieafes and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of her dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

Cap. 26. For fettling and eftablifhing a court of Exchequer in the north part of Great Britain, called Scot* land.

Cap. 27. To enlarge the time for returning the certificates of all ec-clefiaftical livings, not exceeding * the yearly Value of fifty pounds;

as alfo for difeharging all livings of v that value from the payment of firft fruits; and for allowing time to archbifliops and bifhops, and ofher , dignitaries, for payment of their firft-fruits.

Cap. 28. For continuing the ail for afeertaining the tithes of hemp knd ; flax.

Cap. 29. To repeal a claufe in an act of the feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty, (for amending ahd repairing the nighways) which enjoins waggoners, and others to draw with a pole between the wheel horfes or with double (hafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix horfes, or other beads, except up hills.

pp. 30.



A TABLE of the ST ATUTES.

vap. 30. For ascertaining the rates of foreign coins in her Majefty’s plantations in America.

Cap. it. For the better preventing mikhiefs that may happen by fire.

Cap. 32. For regulating the qualifications of the elections of the governor, deputy governor, directors, and voters of the governor and company of the bank of England.

Cap. 33. For the importation of cochineal from any ports in Spain, during the prefent war, and fix months longer.

Cap. 34. For limiting a time to persons to come in and make their claim to any of the forfeited eftates and other interefts in Ireland, fold by the truftees for fale of thofe e-ftates to the governor and company for making hollow fword blades in England, and divers other pur-chafers.

Cap. 35. For the publick regiftring of all deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances that (hall be made of, or that may affed any honours, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the eaft riding of the county of Torky or the town and county of the town of Kingjlon upon Hull, after the 29th day of September, 1708. and for the rendring the regifter in the weft riding more compleat.

Cap. 36. For railing the militia of this kingdom for the year 1708. altho* the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 37. For the encouragement of the trade to America.

Private Afts.

Armo 6 Anna.

I.	An ad for repairing, amending, and enlarging the highways between the town of Kingfdcwn Hill and the city of Bath, and alfo feve-ral other highways leading to and through the faid city $ and for

cleanfing, paving, and lightning the ftreets, and regulating the chairmen there.

2.	An ad for veiling in Ralph Free-many the younger, efq; and his heirs, divers manors and lands in the county of Ejfexy comprized in his marriage fettlement, he havirijg fettled other manors and lands in the county of Hertfordy of greater value, to like ufes in lieu thereof.

3.	An ad for naturalizing Katharine Clarkey daughter of Sir Willicd* Clarke, bart. deceafed.

4.	An ad for naturalizing Maras dos

*	Santos.

5.	An ad for making good to William Thompfony efq; the benefit intended to be granted to hisanceftors, and

*	their heirs, by certain letters pi-tents of King Charles II. in lieu of the caftle of Scarboroughy and other things by them furrendered to and now enjoyed by the crown.

6.	An ad for eredinga workhoufe in the town and borough of Plymouth in the county of Devon, and for letting the poor on work, and maintaining them there.

7.	An ad for enlarging the term in an ad rtiade in the feventh year of his late Majefty’s reign, for repairing the highways between the city of London and town of Harwich in the county of EJJex.

8.	An ad for repairing the harbour and key of Watchet in the county of Somerfet.

9.	An ad for the more effedual making and keeping the river Tone navigable from Bridgewater to Taunton in the county of Somerfet.

10.	An ad for fettling the eftate of John now earl of Exeter, pur fu ant to agreements made on the marriage of the fame earl with Elizabeth countefs of Exeter his now wife, fubjed to fuch alterations as are mentioned herein.

ij. An ad to fupply a defed in an ad of parliament made in the firft b 4	year

# Digitized by LjOOQie

A TABLE of th& STATUTES/

I car of the reign of her prefent dajefly Quten Anne* intituled, An act for raifing 15001. by mortgage of lanas in the iounty of Dor fet, for payment of debts f and for afurther pro-vifion and maintenance of the younger cnildren of Philip Caldecot, efq\

12.	An adl to make the (hip Ambuf-cade (a French privateer taken by her Majefty’s (hip the Dover, and condemned and fold as a prize4) a free (hip.

13.	An a<51 for eredling a harbour and key at Eaft Tarbet, in the (hire of

Argyle.

14.	An adt for the betteramendment of that way which leads from Che-til through Caine to Studley bridge in the county of Wilts.

15.	An a# for repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton, to Dmcburcb in the county of Warwick.

16.	An adl for the reverfal of the attainder of Sir Henry Bond, bart. in Ireland.

17.	An adt for making effedlual the prpyifioq intended by William Bromley, late of Holt Ca/lle in the county of Worcefier, efq; for Dorothy Bromley his youngeft daughter.

*8> An adt for felling the eftate of Thomas Stephens, efq; in the counties of Qhefler and Stafford, and for fettling of another eftate of as great or greater value, in the county of Gkucejier, to the fame ufes.

19. An adt for veiling in Roger Tuck-field, efq; feyeral lands purchafqd for him by §ir William Davye, bart. deceafed.

20. An adt for making two large fly boats (Rufiia built) one called tfce Thomas and Henry, the other the Richard and Jane, free (hips to trade to Ruffia,

ai. An adt for naturalizing Peter Des Mfizeax, Ftancis Heilman, John Rifieau, Peter Bouvet, and others.

22.	An adt to* enable the right honourable the fouqtefs of B\tfion,

together with the right honourable Henry earl of Bindon, her now huf-band, to make leafes of the manor and town of Carlowe in the county of Catherlagh, and Queen’s County in the kingdom of Ireland, and for the evidencing of the fettlements made by Henry late earl of Tbo-mond.

23.	An adt for veiling the equity of redemption of the manor and cap

„• pital mefluage of Great Hafeley, with the appurtenances, and divers mefluages, farms, and lands in Hafeley and Latchford in the county of Oxford, late the eftate of William Lent hall, efq; deceafed (in tru-ftees) tQ be fold for diicharging of incumbrances thereupon.

24.	An adt for veiling feveral mefluages, houfes, lands, and tenements, in the county of Dublin, in the kingdom of Ireland, formerly the eftate of Thomas Boyd, efq; in a truftee, to be fold for the payment of the debts of Letice late countefs of Kilmarnock, deceafed, and for raifing portions for the younger children of the faid countefs.

25.	An adt to veil the eftate of Edward Cheek, efq; deceafed, in &-merfetjbire, remainingunfold a this death, in truftees, to be fold to fa-tisfy the demands of the lady Ruffel, his mother, and Effex Cheek his After, and to veil the remainder of the monies arifing by fale of the faid eftate, in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled on Edv^ari Cheek, an infant, and his heirs.

26.	An adl to enable Sir William Wyndham of Orchard Wyndham in the county of Somerfet, bart. to make a marriage fettlement, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, during his minority.

27.	An adl for explaining and amending a provifo and power for enabling Sir John Wentworth, bart. and his brothers, to make a wife a jointure.

28.	Aq



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

M* An ad to enable Sir Ralph Mil-bank, bart. to make a jointure and fettlement upon fucb woman as be (hall marry, as if he were of full age.

29.	An ad for fale of the manor of Sxvinden, and feveral mefluages, lands, and hereditaments in the county of York, late part of the e-ftate of Chriftopber Lifter, efq; and after of Thomas Lifter, efq; both deceafed, for payment of the legacies and debts of the faid Chriflo-pber Lifter, and a mortgage of the faid Thomas Lifter.

30.	An ad to impower the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or commiflioners of the treafury, to compound with Richard Parke, citizen and late merchant of London, for a debt due to her Majefty.

31.	An act for the fale of a piece of

ground, late of John Killingworth, efq; deceafed, on which ftood feveral old and decayed tenements, and applying the purchafe-mouey for the benefit of his wife and daughters.	,

32- An act for vacating the fettlement made upon the marriage of Henry Moyne, and for making a reafpn-able provifion for the maintenance of his only fon (who is an ideot) during his life.

33.	An ad for fale of part of the e-ftate pf James Hamilton, efq; de-iceafed.

34.	An a d for the relief of col. Richard Sutton, and Other Aids de Camp.

*35. An ad for the- relief of capt. James Racb.

36.	An ad for the relief of lieutenant colonel John Savery.

37.	An ad for naturalizing John Affleck, efq; and Mary Dutry.

38.	An ad for naturalizing Peter Dy-bordieu, and others.

Amo 7 Ann*.

(lap. r. For granting an aid to her Majefty, $0 be railed by a land tax

in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1709.

Cap. 2. For the fpeedy and effedual recruiting her Majelty’s land forces and marines, for the fervice of the yeat 1709.

Cap. 3. For charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year 1709.

Cap. 4. For punilhing mutiny and de-fertion and falfe mufters, and for the better payment of the army and quarters.

Cap. 5. For naturalizing foreign pro-teftants.

Cap. 6. For explaining and making more effedual that part of an ad pailed in the fifth year of her present Majefty’s reign, concerning the buying and felling of cattle in Smithfield, and for giving leave for bringing up calves dead to London, as formerly.

Cap. 7. For enlarging the capital nock of the bank of England, and

. for railing a further fupply to her Maiefty, for the year 1709.

''ip. 8. For continuing feveral impo>* fitions and duties, to raife money by way of loan; and for exporting Britijh copper and brafs wire duty free; and for circulating a further fum in Exchequer bills, in cafe a new contrad be made in that behalf; and concerning the oaths to be adminiftred in relation to Italian thrown filks; and touching oils and plantation goods of foreigners, ta*-ken or to be taken as prize; and concerning drugs of America, to be imported from per Majefty’s plantations; and for apprqpriating thf monies given in this feffion of par* liament; and for making out debentures for two tranfport ftiips in this ad named; and to allow a further time fqr regiftring certain de«-bentures ; and for relief of perfons who have loft fuch tickets. Exchequer bjjls, debenture?, tallies,

or



A TABX.E of the STATUTE'S.

or* order** as in this a£t are mentioned.

Cap. o. For giving the commiffioner* of /ewers for the city of London^ the fame powers as the commifiioners of fewers for counties have; and to oblige collectors for the fewers to account.

Cap. io. For rendring more effectual the laws concerning cofnmiflions of fewers.

Cap. n. For afcertaining and directing the payment of the allowances to be made for or upon the exportation from Scotland of fifh, beef, and pork, cured with foreign fait imported before i Mdy 1707. and for difpofing fuch fait (till remaining in the hands of her Majefty’s fubjeCts there, and for afcertaining and fecuring the allowances for fifh and fiefh exported and to be exported from Scotland, for the future.

Cap. 12. For preferving the privileges of ambafladors, and other publick minifters of foreign princes and Hates.

Cap. 13. For the better afcertaining the lengths and breadths of woollen cloth made in the county of York.

Cap. 14. For the better prefervation of parochial libraries in that part of Or cat Britain called England.

Cap. 15. For altering Whitfuntide and Lamrhas terms for the court of Ex-chequer in Scotland. :

Cap. 16. To prevent the laying of wagers relating to the publick.

Cap. 17. For making more effe&ual an aCt made in the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign, for the better preventing of mifehiefs that may happen by fire.

Cap. 18. To preferve the rights of patrons to advowfons.

Cap. 10. To enable infants who are feifed or poflefled of eftates in fee, in truft, or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances of fuch eftates,

Cap. 20. For the publick regiftrfrig of deeds, conveyances, and wills, and otherincumbrances which (hall be made of, or that may affc<ft any honours, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the county of Middlefex, after the 29th of September % 1709.

Caps. 21. For improving the union of the two kingdoms.

Cap. 21. For the Queen’s moft gracious, general, and free pardon.

Cap. 23. For railing the mHitia forthe year 1709, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 24. For continuing the former a<ft for the encouragement of coinage, and to encourage the bringing foreign coins, and Britijb or foreign plate, to be coined, and for making provifion for the mint9 in Scotland> and for the profecuting offences concerning the coin in England.

Cap. 25. For making perpetual an a& for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom 3 as alfo an a& for giving like remedy upon promiflory notes, as is ufed upon bills of exchange, and for the better payment of inland bills of exchange 5 and alfo for continuing feveral a<Ss made in the fourth and fifth years of her Majefty’s reign, for preventing frauds committed by bankrupts.

Gap. 26. For appointingcommiflion-ers to treat and agree for fuch lands,

. tenements, and hereditaments *s fhall be judged proper to be pur-chafed for the better fortifying

. Portfmouthy Chatbamy and Harwich,

Private Acts.

Anno 7 Anna.

1.	An act for continuing an adf made in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, intitule'd, An act for the re-building and repairing of the piers of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the town and port of Whitby in tbo county of YoA.

2.	An act for naturalizing Charlotta Chrijliana lady Duffus.

3.	An aft to enable Edward Sainihill (late Edward Yard) efq; to change his iimame from Yard to Saint hill, according to the will of Samuel Sainthill, efq; deccafed.

4.	An act for continuing an aft made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majefty King William, intituled, An act for repairing the highways between Wy-mondham and Attleborough in the county of Norfolk, and for including therein the road leading frbm ff'ymondham to Hetherfett, over the commons belonging to the faid towns.

5.	An act for preferving and enlarging the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland.

6.	An act for building a church or chapel in the town of Manchejler in the county of Lancajler.

An aft to enable Anne Crewe Mate Offley) widow, and John Crewe (late Offley) her fon and heir apparent, to change their firnames from Offley to Crew, according to the fettle-

‘ ment of John Crew, efq; de«-ceafed.

8.	An act for vetting in truftees the reverfion of feveral lands and tenements expeftant onleafesfor lives, the eftate of Hugh Stafford of Pjynes in the county of Devon, efq; to be fold for payment of debts, and by dHcharging his power of leafing, to fecure other lands to come into pof-feffion to his fon in lieu thereof.

9.	An aft to enable William Collins, derk, Thomas Parra t, and William Day?, gent, to difpofe of certain lands, for the payment of the debts of John Granger, and for making provilion for the widow and younger children of Nicholas Granger, ms late father, deceafed.

10.	An act for further enabling George

Pennet efq; to fell lands for payment of his debts, by enlarging a truft for that purpofe contained ih a former aft, intituled. An aft to enable George Pcnne, efq\ to fell lands for the payment of Ins debts, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

xi. An aft tor naturalizing Lews de Roffet, Peter Brozet, and others.

12- Ah aft for repairing and improving of Morrifon's Haven, and the fort there, in the (hire of Eafi Lothian, alias Hadington.

13.	An act for building a paritti church, and parfonage houfe, and making a nevf church-yard, and a new parifh in Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, to be called the parifh of St. Philip.

14.	An act for vetting in John duke of Newcaftle and his heirs, certain lands belonging to the vicarage of Walefby, in the county of Nottingham, in the lieu of an annual rent of 10 A per An. payable to the v?car of the faid vicarage, and his fiic-ceflors for ever.

15.	An aft to veft the eftates which came to the right honourable Other earl of Plymouth, by his mother, in truftees, to be fold for railing money to pay pfF the debts charged upon his paternal eftate, and to eri* able him to cut coppices.

16.	An act for the explaining *nd making more effcftual an aft mkde Anno prime Anna Regina, intituled. An aft giving further time to John lord bijhop of Chichefter, and his fucceffors, to make leafes of certain houjes and ground in and near Chancery Lane, belonging to the bifhofrick of Chichefter.

17.	An aft to explain a claufe in 4 ftatute made in the 27th year of the reign of King Henry v III. enabling tenants in tail in poffefTion, to make jointures to wives, and enlarging the fame, fo as Richard lord Willoughby de Broke, and others, tenants in tail in poflefTiQn, may

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

make jointures to the wives of their elded funs or grandfons.

18.	An act for veding fome part of the edate in the county of Lincoln, included in the marriage fettlement of the right honourable William Powlet t, efq; commonly called lord William Powlett, ki trudees, to be fold for the railing money to dif-charge an incumbrance fallen on the fame, by virtue of a decree of the high court of Chancery; and to confirm an agreement made by the laid lord William Powletty with the right honourable the countefs dowager of Bridgwater, and the executor of the late duke of BoItony deceafed, relating to fuch incumbrance.

19.	An act for veding the barony of Wem, and manors of Wem and Lop» pingtony and feveral lands and tenements in the county of Salopy and the manors of Dolby and Broughton, and lands thereto belonging in the county of Leicejlery and the manor of Fulmery and feveral lands and tenements in the county of Bucks, late the edate of George late lord JefferieSy deceafed, in trudees, to be fold for payment of debts and portions, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

30, An aft to enable the honourable WilBam Cecil, efq; with others* to fell lands for the payment of feveral debts charged upon his edate by the right honourable John late earl of Exeter, deceafed, his late father.

$!. An act for veding in trudees the fourth part of a fourth part (being the lhare of Sir Roger Braidjhaighy hart, of the edate of the late countefs of Oxford9 to be fold to pay portions and debts, and with the remainder of the jnoney arifing by fuch fale, to purchafe pther lands to be fettled to the fame ufes as his

[>atemal edate is by bis iparri&gC ettlement.

22.	An aft to reverfe the outlawry and attainder of Chriftopher Jprd haron of Slane in Ireland\

23.	An act for veding divers manof*, mefluages, lands, and tenements of John Lacy, efq; in the counties of EJfeXy Cambridge, and Middlefex, in trudees, to be fold for payment of his debts, making provifion for his children unprovided for, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

24.	An act for veding the fite, capital mefluage, or farm of the manor of South Stoke, and lands thereunto belonging, in the county of Somer-fety late the edate of John Gay, gent, deceafed, in trudees, to be fold for the fpeedier payment of his debts, and better performance of the trufts therein mentioned.

25.	An aft to empower the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or com-miflioners of the treafury, to compound with the fureties of Samuel Paceyy deceafed, late receiver general for the county of Suffolk.

26.	An aft to enable the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, to compound with William Malhtty efq; for the debt of his father, for whonl he was furety while receiver gene-ral of the county of Somerfety and city of Briftol.

27.	An act for better edablidiing certain charities of John Pierrepont.

28.	An act for veding the edate of Gideon Haydony efq; deceafed, lying in the county of Devony in trudees, to be fold for the payment of the debts wherewith it Hands incum-bred, and fettling the overplus to the ufes in his marriage fettlement limited and declared.

29.	An act for the better performance of the will of Stephen Harvey, efq; deceafed, and making provifion for his children.

30.	An act for the rcverfal of the outlawry of Eleanor Bagoty the wife of John Bagot.

31.	An aft to enable William How of Somerton Early, in the county of Somerfety efq; to fell the manor and

forto

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fcrm of Gunvile-Eajlbury, alias Tar-rant-Gunvile, in the county of Dor-fit, and feveral meffuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments in Gunvile- Eajl bury,alias Tarrant- Gun* vile afbrefaid, and to fettle other lands and hereditaments of greater value to the fame yfes to which the laid manor and premifles in Gun~ vile-Eajl bury, alia* Tarrant-Gunvile, now Hand limited, in lieu thereof.

32.	An aft to enable John Elye, efq; to raife monies out ot his eftate to pay his debts, and for fettling the refi-due thereof, together with the e-ftate of Elizabeth his wife, to the ufes intended by his marriage fettle-ment.

33.	An act for fale of certain lands and annuities late the eftate of John Coldham, of Tootin Graveney, efq; deceafed, for railing of portions for his grand children, according to his will.

34.	An aft to make the (hips, the Barclay Cajlle, and James, of Mon-trofe, free (hips.

35.	An a ft for the payment of the debts of Sir John Bolles, bart. a lu-natick.

36.	An aft to enable Thomas Bulhley, gent, to fell part of the eftate comprized in his marriage fettlement, to pay off debts which were precedent to, and do affeft the faid fettlement.

37.	An act for the relief of the non-commiffion officers and foldiers of the refpeftive companies of the three regiments of col. Thomas Han-iafyde, col. John Live fay, and lieutenant general Erie, and of the four independent companies at New York in America.

38.	An act for annexing the reftory or parfonage of Hafely in the coun-

of Oxon, to the deanary of the ing’s free chapel of St. George within his caftle of IVindfor, and for veiling the advowfon of the rectory and parochial church of St. Mary, alias North Church Barkham-fiead, in the county of Hertford, in the dean and canons of the King’s free chapel of St. George within his caftle of IVindfor, in lieu thereof.

39.	An aft to enable James Stopford, efq; to fell lands in the county of Nottingham, fqr payment of debts and portions.

40.	An act for confirming a term of five hundred years, created by Richard Minjbul\ efq; and his truftees, for fecurinjz the payment of 80001. and intereft.

41.	An act for the relief of the earl of Clanriccard (lately called lord Bo-phin) of the kingdom of Ireland, in relation to his eftate, and for the more cffeftual felling or fettling the eftate of the faid earl to proteftants.

42.	An aft to explain an aft made in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, intitulea, An all to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for fuch fums of. publick money, as hath been received by him.

43.	An aft to enable Anthony Stafford, gent, to fell or mortgage fome part cf his lands and hereditaments in the counties of Derby and Chejler, for the payment of his father’s debts and his own, and the better fettling and fecuring the reft for the benefit of his wife and family.

44.	An act for verting the equity of redemption of the manor of Back-well, in the county of Somerfet, in truftees, to be fold purfuant to the will of Caroletta Nettles, deceafed, and a decree in chancery*

TbtEsv ef tbt TABLE.

Digitized by

Digitized by- v^ooQle

'THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno fecundo & tertio ANN.®	.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the twentieth day of Auguft, Anno Dom. 1702. in the jirjl year of the reign of our fovereign lady '

Anne, by the grace of God,of England, Scotland,

France, and Ireland, Htyeen, defender of the &c. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations and adjournments to the ni November, 1703, * being the fecond fejjion of this prefeni' parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for granting an aid to her Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in E XP.

the year one thoufand feven hundred and four.	/	4 /. i» the

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to her Majefty, by continuing the duties upon EXP* malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for one year.

CAP. Ill:

An aS for granting an aid to her Majeftyy for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty*s occajions, by felling annuities at fever al rates,, and for fucb refpeftive terms or tftalts as are therein mentioned.

Moll gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft ofparliament made in the twelfth year of the t% W.j. c. is* reignsf our late fovereign lord King William the laird, ofbuffed memory, intituled. An a<5t for appropriating three thoufand feven hundred pounds weekly, out of certain branches of exdfe, for

(ublick ufes, and for making a provifion for the fervice of his lajefty’s houlhold and family, and other his neceflary acca-fions, it was (amongft other things) enabled. That from and after See iGeo. *• the five and twentieth day	December, one thoufandfeven hundred, ^ at‘	** c*

fir and during the term of five years from thence next enfuing, the * full, clear, and entire weekly fum of three thoufand feven hundred pounds, of lawful Englifh money, out of all the monies arifing by the laCar.a.c.a$* hit editary rates and duties of exdfe upon beer, ale, and other liquors^ which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of Vol.XI.	B	King



2

jAnnar, ftat.i t. 7.

Anno fecundo & tertio Aun/e. c* &	C l7°3m

King Charles the Second, and by the duties of excife payable during the jaid late King William’j life, and by every or any of them, if all thofe duties of excife Jhould fo long continue \ and if the /aid duties

of excife, payable during his [aid late Majejlys life, Jhould happen to determine before tht end of the faid term tf Jhi years, then out 4/*

the monies arijing entirely by the faid hereditary duties of excife, for and during ail the refidue which Jhould be then to come and unexpired of the faid term of fwe years, Jhould be brought and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer by weekly payments, and in fucb manner and form as in the faid ait are particularly mentioned, for the purpo/es in the fatd ait expreffed: and it is thereby further endftei, Thai in lieu and difcharge of certain perpetual annual payments, and of all arrears thereof granted by his late majejly King Charles the Second to the refpeihve patentees therein named, the faid hereditary revenue of excife Jhould, from and after the twenty fixth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and Jive, be and fiand charged for ever* with the payment of annual fitms after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to be paid as by the faid act is directed, and fubjeft fa fucb power of redemption as in the faid ait is expreffed:

II.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the prjl year of your Majejlys reign, intituled. An a<5t for the better fupport of her Majefty*s houfhold, and of the honour and dimity of the crown, it is (amongjl other things) enafted. That the duties of excife which had been granted to his faid late majefly King Charles the Second, during his life, and afterwards to King William and SSjueen Mary, during their lives, and the life of the furuivor of them (except as therein is excepted) and a certain duty upon vinegar, Jball be levied and paid to your Majejly, during your life (which God pre-ferve) andjbe fame, together with the faid hereditary duties of excife, are thereby fubjefted to the faid weekly payment of three thoufand /even hundred pounds, in the manner therein mentioned, during the faid term of frue years \ and it was thereby further declared. That from and after the expiration of the faid term of five years, fo much money asy together with the faid payments after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, Jhould make up the fum of three thoufand feven hundred pounds for every week, during your Majeflfs life, Jhould and might be taken out of the faid hereditary duties of ex-cife, and out of the faid duties of excife granted for your Majeflfs life, and either or any of them, and the faid payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, being dedufted out of the hereditary part thereof, the refidue of the faid three thoufa'nd feven hundred pounds a week Jhould be applied and dijpofed of, to and for the publkk ufe and ftrvice, as by the Jaid feveral afts (relation being thereunto refpeftively had) may more fully appear.

III.	Now we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds the commons 6f England in parliament aflembled, being defir-ous by the iriOft eafy means that are poflible to raife the money which is neceflary for carrying on the prefent war, and fupply-ing your Majefty’s important occafions, do cheerfully and un-animoufly grant unto your Majefly a further aid to arife by lomributionsc for annuities to be porchafed in tho manner ana

form

17°3-1 Antio fecundo & tertio Annas. c/3.	$

form herein after mentioned; and do humbly befeech your Ma-jefty that it may be enacted; and be it enadled by the Queen’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the five and twentieth day of December, in the Aid granted year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and five, the faid from *5 De-full, clear, and entire weekly fum of three thoufand feven hun- cmbir* f7»S* dred pounds, out of all the monies arifing by the faid hereditary duties of excife, and by the faid duties of excife payable during her Majefty’s life, and by every and any of thenu according to the tenor and direction of the aft of parliament above recited in that behalf, and from and after her Majefty’s deceafe, then the like foil, dear, and entire weekly fum of three thoufand feven hundred pounds of lawful Englijb money, out of all the monies to arife by the faid hereditary duties of excife, and every of any of them, from time to time for ever, lhall be brought and paid by the commiflioners, farmers, receiver and receivers general for the time being of the faid feveral duties of excife (who are hereby required and enjoined to bring and pay the fame accordingly) into the receipt of the Exchequer diftinclly and feT parately from all other monies whatfoever, that are or lhall be payable by them into the faid receipt, the fajd weekly fum or payment of three thoufand feven hundred pounds, to be brought and paid into the faid receipt upon Wednefdayy in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then upon the next day that is not an holiday, for the purpofes in this adt exprefled; and in cafe in any week or weeks the whole receipt of the monies of the faid feveral branches or duties of excife hereby charged a3 aforefaid, lhall not be fufficient to anfwer the weekly payment or payments hereby diredled for fuch particular week or weeks, that then and fo often the deficiency and deficiencies thereof lhall be fupplied and, made good out of the whole receipt of the faid particular branches of excife, and every or any of them, arifing in the next week or weeks, when the receipt or receipts lhall be fufficient to bear the fame.

IV.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- M . T faid. That the commiflioners of excife for the time being, at ^°the$rakiin* their head office in London, lhall from time to time feparate and branches of keep apart all the monies arifing by the faid particular branches excife to be of excife herein before mentioned, as the fame lhall from time ^Jjj1 aP*rt> to time arife or be paid into the faid office of excife by the re- ^eek^into reivers or colledtors of the fame, or by any other perfon or per- the Exche-fons whatfoever, and lhall out of the monies fo arifing make the quer.

faid weekly payments into the Exchequer, for the ufes in this adl mentioned.

V.	And be it further enadted. That if the laid commiflioners Penalty on of excife for the time being lhall refufe or negledt to pay or nonpayment, caufe to be paid into the Exchequer the faid weekly fums hereby appointed, or (hall divert or mifapply any part of the monies

which Ihould make good the fame, then they and every of them

JB %	fo

4	.	Anno	fecundo & terrio Annje. c. g.	[ 1703-

fo offending (hall forfeit their feveral offices and places, and be incapable to ferve the Queen, her heirs or fucceflors, in any office or place of truft or profit, and lhall be liable for every fuch offence to pay double the value of the money fo diverted or , mifapplied, to any perfon or perfons who will inform or fue for the fame, by adion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlmin-wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

Comptrollerof VI. And ;t enaCted, That the comptroller of the excife a^Lftinft ac-P ^°r ^me ft*aH keep a perfedt and diftind account, in a count of the book or books fairly written, of all the monies which (hall arife monies. by the faid particular branches of excite, out of which the faid • weekly payments are to be made as aforefaid, as the fame (hall from time to time arife or be raifed (to which books all perfons concerned (hall at all reafonable times have free accefs, without Penalty. fee or charge) and fuch comptroller in default thereof (hall for-feit his office or place, and be rendred incapable as aforelaid, and (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds for every fuch default, to any perfon or perfons who will inform or fue for the fame as is before mentioned.

Monies to be VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That entred apart, there (hall be provided and kept in the office of tne auditor of the receipt of the Exchequer one book, in which all the monies which ought to be paid in weekly as aforefaid, for or upon account of the faid weekly fums out of the faid particular branches of excite, and which (hall be brought to the faid receipt, (hall be entred apart and diftind from all o(her monies paid into the faid receipt on any other account whatfoever.

Annual fums VIII. And it is hereby further enaded, That out of the mo-how tobepaid. ney of the faid hereditary duties of excite, arifing in or by fuch weekly payments at the Exchequer as aforefaid, the faid annual (urns, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum,, preferibed by the faid ad, made in the parliament holden in the twelfth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King JVtUiam the Third, lhall be fatisfied and paid according to the diredions therein contained, and fubjed to the power of redemption therein mentioned \ and alfo ou.t of all the monies of the faid feveral branches of excife, arifing in or by the faid weekly payments, the feveral annuities to be purchafed in purfuance of this ad, (hall be paid and fatisfied, from and after the faid five and twentieth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thou-fitnd feven hundred and five, for and during the then refidue and Remainder of the feveral and refpedive terms and eftates, which by virtue of this ad (hall be purchafed of and in fuch annuities refpedively; and that all the reft and refidue of the monies arifing by the (aid weekly payments, and which at the end of every year, reckoning the firft year to begin from the faid * five and twentieth day of December^ in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and five, (hall remain, after fatif-fying or referving fufficient to fatisfy all the payments which

(hall



17°SJ Anno lecundo & terdo Ann^. c. 3.	$r

(halt be then incurred or grown due, as well for and upon the faid annual Aims after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as alfo for and upon all the faid annuities to be purchafed upon this aft, (hall be applied, and difpofed of to and for the publick ufe and fervice, and not otherwife.

IX.	And for theraifing any Aim^r fums of money, not exceeding one million eighteen thoufand eight hundred (ixty: and feven pounds, eighteen (hillings, and fix pence; that is to lay, nine hundred thoufand pounds thereof for carrying on the prefent war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, and one hundred and eighteen thoufand eight hundred fixty and feven

Sunds, eighteen (hillings, and fix pence, refidue thereof, r making good the quarterly payments herein after mentioned, to incur and grow due on and before the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and five; it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall perfons may and may be lawful to and for any petfon or perfons, natives advance or foreigners, to, contribute, advance and pay intothe receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer, for her Majefty’s ufe, at or before the purchasing* refpeftive days and times by this aft limited in that behalf, annuities For * any fum or fums of money for or towards the faid fum of 99 years, one million eighteen thoufand eight hundred fixty and feven pounds, eighteen (hillings, and fix pence, for purchafing any annuity or annuities, to be fatisfied as in this aft is mentioned, for and during the full term of ninety nine years tp be reckoned from the five and twentieth day of March, in the year of our at earf Lord one thoufand (even hundred and four, at the rate of purchafe, fifteen years purchafe; which rate doth amount to the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds for every fqch annuity of ten pounds per annum, and proportionably for any greater to be paid into annuity: and the fame rate or oonfideration-money is hereby the Exche-appointed to be paid into the (aid receipt, at or before the refpeftive days and times herein after mentioned, that is to fay, ^04°one o?* one third part thereof on or before the firft day of. May, ip ther third the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four; pan on 14. one other third part thereof on or before the four and twentieth •JUjC’K,70t; day of June, in the faid year erf our Lord one thoufand feven ^r(j and four; and the remaining third part thereof, on or before *9 Sept. 1704. the nine and twentieth day of September, in the faid year of annuities fo Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four. And the faid purchaiedhow annuities fo to be purchafed, and every of them, (hall be paid ^ n ° and payable, from time to time, at the four mod ufual feafts of By 6 Geo. 1. the year, that is to fay, the feaft of the nativity of Saint Jobni- 4- f- x ik* Baptijl, Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Sou*h Sca Chrift, and the annunciation of the blefied virgin Mary, by even and equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be made annuities/ at or for the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptifi, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred anid four; which faid annuities (hall, for the firft year, and three quarters of a year, of ’the faid term of ninety nine years, be fatisfied and paid ot}t of the monies to be advanced in purfuance of this B 3	aft.



tV	Anno fecmdo firtatio AnKal C. 3.	[‘1703*

*ft, whereof fufficient (hall be referred for that purpofe; and for all the reft and refidueof the faid term of ninety nine years* the faid annuities, and every of them, (hall be paid and fatisiied out of the monies arifing by the weekly payments of exclfe money before mentioned.

X.	And for the raifing any further futn and fums of money* not exceeding three hundred thoufand pounds, for carrying on She faid war, and other her Majefty^ occafions, and alfo for railing fuch monies as (hall be neceflary to difcharge the quarterly payments, which during one year and three quarters of a year, to be reckoned from the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and four, (hall or may grow due upon the other annuities to be purchafed, as is herein

For raifing a after mentioned; it is hereby further enacted by the authority further fum of aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any 300,0001. perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, to contribute, advance, purchafed- an<* PaX *nt0 t^e kid receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer, for huitiesforoneher Majefty’s ufe, at or before the refpedtive days and times, life at 9 years and by* fuch proportions, as are before in this a<St appointed for payment of the purchafe monies for the annuities firft above mentioned, any fum and fums of money for purchafing any annuity or annuities for one life, at the rate of nine yean purchafe, or for two lives, at the rate of eleven years purchafe, or for three lives, at the rate of twelve years purchafe, or for fuch a certain term of ninety nine years, as aforefaid, at the rate of fifteen years purchafe, at the ele&ion of fuch purchafers refpedHvely; which faid rates do amount to the fum of ninety pounds for an annuity of ten pounds per annum for one life, and to the fum of one hundred and ten pounds for an annuity of ten pounds per annum for two lives, and the fum of one hundred and twenty pounds for an annuity of ten pounds per annum for three lives, and to the film of one hutv-dred and fifty pounds for an annuity of ten pounds per annum for the certain term of ninety nine years before mentioned, and proportionably for any greater annuities fo to be purchafed for fuch eftates or interefts refpetftively.

XI.	And it is hereby enalted. That all the faid annuities fo to be purchafed for life, lives, or years, at the ele&ion of the purchafer, as aforefaid, (hall likewife commence from the faid five and twentieth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four, and (hall be paid and payable at the faid receipt of Exchequer, at the four ufual feafts before mentioned, by even and equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be alfo made at or for the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptiji, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and tour.

XII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That

tVom^JMar?	quarterly payments which (hall or may incur or grow

1704. to 25 * due for or upon the annuities laft mentioned,# within the faid Dec. j705. a time of one year, and three quarters of a year, to be reckoned

from the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand

feven

purchafe, for two lives at 11 years purchafe, three lives at 12 years pur-chafe, or for 99 years at i c years purchafe*

Annuities to commence from % 5 Mar. 1704. and to be paid quarterly.

How the quar-

Ihall be paid, &c«



1703-]	Annofecurido	&terdo	Annje.	c.	3.	7

feven hundred and four, until and for the faid five and twentieth day of Deamber ^ one thoufand feven hundred and five,

(hall be fatisfied and paid out of the monies to be advanced for

purchafing the fame annuities upon this ad, whereof fufficient

fhaii be referved for that purpole; and all quarterly payments

which fhall incur and grow due for or upon the fame annuities

laft mentioned, and every of them, from and after the faid five

and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred

and five, during the continuance bf the refpedive terms and	>

eftaies fo to be purchased therein, .(hall be paid and fatisfied out

of the monies arifing by the weekly payments of excifc money

before mentioned.

XIII.	Provided always. That when the contributions upon when the this ad (hall amount in the whole to one million two hundred contributions thoufand pounds, for carrying on the faid ujar, and her ^amount| Majefty’s occaftons, and to fo much more as (hall or may be neceflary to difcharge all the faid annuities, until the five /bailbeiecriv-and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred ed at the Ex-and five inctufively, then no further contributions (hall be chequer; received at the faid Exchequer for purchafing annuities upon

this ad.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enaded. That where: any Contributor contributor (hall advance money, at the refpedive rate aforefaid, f°r one life for an eflate for one life, as aforefaid, every fuch contributor,

his executors, adminiftrators or affigns, fhall and may name to faracontribu-tbe auditor of the* receipt, and clerk of the pells, for the time tor, or any being, or to ^either of them, the life of the fame contributor, or other, who any. other life (at his or her eledion) during which, every	^,nt,tK*

fuch contributor, or fuch as he or (he fhall appoint, his, her, t° llc aimiIl“ or their executors, adnuniftrators, and affigns refpedivdy,

(hall be intirled to every fuch annuity, according to the true meaning of this ad; and that where any contributor^ fhall advance money at the refpedive rate aforefaid, for an eflate for two lives, every fuch contributor, his executors, adminiftrators, pr affigns fhall-and may name to the faid auditor of the receipt and clerk of the pells for the time being, or either of them, two perfons or nominee's (whereof himfeif or fierfelf, if he or (he thinks fit, may be one) during whofc lives, and Contributor the life of the furvivor of them, every fuch contributor, or fuch advancing for as he or fhe fhall appoint, his, her, or their executors, adminif- ^a° J^me ' trators, and affigns refpedively, fhall be intitjed to every fuch two nomine**,1 annuity, according'to the true meaning of this ad5 and that &c. and tor , where any contributpr fhall advance money at the refpedive tj,rce llve8* r rate aforefaid, for an eftate for three lives, every fuch contribu-	*

tor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, fhall and may name to the faid auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells, for the time being, or either of them, three perfons or nominees (whereof himfeif or herfelf, if he or fhe think fit, may be one) during the lives of which nominees, and of the furvivors and furvivor of them, every fuch contributor, or fuch as he or fhe fhall appoint, his, her, and their executors,

B 4	adminif-

$	Anno	fcdunclo & tcrfio Annjb. c. 3.	[17^3%

adminiftrators, and afligns refpedively, (hall be intitled .to every fuch annuity, according to the tenor and true meaning oi this ad.

Liver to be	XV. Provided always. That all the faid lives (hall be

named by the named by the feveral contributors, their executors or admi-j'ontr_^tor8» niftrators, or fuch as fliall be employed by them to pay in the faid purchafe-monies, on or before the faid firft day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four. Contributors XVI. And it is hereby enaded, That in the offices of the names, &c. to faid auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells feverally, there en*red in fliall be provided and kept a book or books, in which fliall be the auditor	entrc<^	the names of all who fliall be contributors, and of

and cltfrk of all perfons by whofe hands the faid contributors fliall pay in the pells. any of the faid fums, and alfo the feveral fums fo paid, and times when the fame are refpedively paid, and the feveral Z?grith' nominees for whole lives refpedively the laid annuities for life or lives are to continue; to which book it fliall be lawful for the refpedive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, to have refort, and to infped the fame without fee or reward; and as well the faid feveral contributors for life, lives, or years, as the faid nominees for life or lives* (hall be deferibed in the (aid books by their chriftian and fumames, additions, and places of abode, and other deferiptions which fliall bed afeertain the perfons.

Contributors XVIL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, paying t^eir That all and every contributor and contributors upon this purchafe-mo- a<c^	paying tne conflderation or purchafe-money after

theannuitics tbe refpedive rates aforefdid, at or before the refpedive days fo purcbalcd, and times in this ad before limited in that behalf, for any annuity or annuities for fuch term of years^ or eftate for life or lives, as aforefaid, according to the true meaning of this ad, or fuch as he, (he, or they fliall appoint, his, her* or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, fhall have, receive, . and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this ad, to have, receive, and enjoy the refpedive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed, out of the monies arifing and to arife, as aforefaid, for and during all and every filch term of years, for life, or fives refpedively, and that all the annuities td be pur-free from chafed on this ad, for any term, eftate, or intereft whatfoever, ***** i	fliall befree from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever,

and fhall have XVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-tallies for thie faid, That every contributor upon any part of this ad for fame,	any of the annuities aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adT

miniftrator?, or afligns, upon payment of the conflderation or purchafe-mopey for the fame, at the refpedive rates in this ad before appointed, or any part or proportion thereof, within the time or times by this ad limited in that behalf, fliall immediately have one or more talley or tallies levied, importing the receipt of fo much confideration-money as fhall be fo paid for or in part of the faid refpedive fums to be raifed, as afore-6	faid,

9

.1703.3 Anno fecundo & tcrtib Annas. c. 3.

laid, and upon payment of all the purebafe-money for any fuch annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, at the rate by this ad appointed, every fucb contributor refpedively, his or her re-fpedive executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall have an order for payment of fuch annuity and annuities, for and during and orders for fuch refpedive term, eftate, or intereft, as he, (he, or they (hall repayment, or ought to have therein, as afore&id; which order (hall be figned by the treafurer and under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being; and after the (igning thereof, the fame (hajl be firm, good, valid, and effedugl in law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this ad, and (hall f\ot be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treafurer or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiflioner or commiflioners of the treafury, or by or upon No lord trea-the determination of the power, office or offices ot them or furer, See. to any of them, nor Audi any lord high treafurer of England* [cv<^e thc treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiflioners of theiame* treafury, now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fuch orders fo figned, as aforefaid, jor any of them.

XIX.	And for the encouragement of the contributors to r\advance and pay forthwith into the receipt of the Exchequer, the fums bv them intended to be advanced upon any of thfe terms aforefaid, it is provided and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch contributor, \yho (hall advance and contributors pay into the laid receipt of Exchequer, ?1) or any part of to be allowed the purchafe-money payable for any fuch annuity or annuities, 5I- per cent, as aforefaid, before the faid firft day of May* in the year of our Intcrcft tor Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four, his, her, or pr°™pt pay’ their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall be allowed

and paid, out of the contribution-money arifing by this ad,

.intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* for the prompt payment of the money fo advanced, from the time of the sdual advancing and paying the fame, until the .. VT faid firft day of May* one thoufand (even hundred and four.	1

XX.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be An

lawful to and for any contributor, his or her executors, ^a^giied'or*

adminiftrators, or afligns, at any time or times, during the deviled.

continuance of his or her term, eftate, or intereft, of and in any

annuity to be purchafed upon this ad, by any writing under

hand and fcal, or by his or her laft will in writing, to afiign or

devife fuch annuity and annuities, or any part thereof, or any

intereft therein, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and (o

toties quoties* and no luch aflignment to be revokakle, fo as an

entry or memorandum of aflignment or will be made in books

to be kept for that purpofe in the faid office of the auditor ^^mad^on

of the receipt, within the fpace of two months after luch affidavit,

aflignment or death of the devifor, and that upon the producing

fiich aflignment, or will, or probate thereof, in the faid office

pf receipt, to be QPtrefl aforefaid, the party fo producing the

fame.

/

Digitized by ooQle

io	Anmi.lec^do	&tfitio Awsm. c.3.	[1703.

fame, (hall bring therewith an affidavit, taken before (ome 'perion authorized ta take affidavits in caufes dependmg in any Affidavits to the courts at fVeftrfnftfter^ of the due execution of the laid be filed. afiienmentor wilf, which affidavits (hall be feverallv filed in the faid office; which faid entry or memorandum tne faid offi-In default of cers in the faid receipt of the Exchequer are hereby required to &cgb»tereft of ma*ce accordingly, and to file the (aid affidavits, and in default contributomo fucb affignment or devife, by deed or will, the intereft of go to his ex- fuch contributor (not being fuch as is to determine by his ecutors, &c. or her death) (hall go to his or her executors or adminiftrator*. Annuities to XXI. And it is hereby enaded, That every eftate of and in perfon™ e- * anY annu'tY he purchased upon this a61, (hall be detmed a hate, &c. perfonal eftate, and (if the fame be not fuch annuity ar is to depend upon the contributor’s own life) (hall go to his executors and adminiftrators, and not be dependable to the heir. Guardians to XXII. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and ad^anceToi may be	f°r	any guardian or truftee, having the difpofal

&d\oCpur-° *be nioney of any infant under the age of one and twenty chafe an an- years, for the ufe or benefit of fuch infant, to advance and nuity, &c. pay the (ura of one hundred and fifty pounds of the money a£d bCj<l-r' r	infant,	to	purchafe any annuity upon this a£t for the

rauefu °r ° benefit of fuch infant; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fo advanced, is hereby difeharged.

XXIII.	And to the intent and purpofe that all deceits in receiving any payment upon any of the faid annuities to be purchafed for life or lives as aforefaid, may be prevented; Contributors be it enatfted by the authority aforefaid, That every contri-tp produce a butor, for any of the faid annuities for life or lives, his or certificate of her executors, adminiftrators or afligns, upon his or her m?neeC &c n° demanding °f anY quarterly payment, upon fuch his or her. figned’ by'the annuity (unlefs the nominee appear in perfon at the faid minifter and* receipt) (hall produce a certificate of the life of his or her church war- refpedlive nominee, figned by the minifter and churchwardens dens>	of the parifh where fuch nominee (hall be then living, upon

the day when the faid quarterly payment (hall become due (if fuch nominee (hall be then refiding in the kingdom of England, dominion of Walesy or town of Berwick upon Tweed) without fee 5 which certificate the faid minifter and churchwardens are ©therwife to hereby required to make without fee or reward r or otherwife make oath of jt fha|i an(j may be lawful to and for every contributor, his nominees or j^er cxecutors, adminiftrators and afligns, at his, her or - their election, to make oath of the truth of his, her or their refpe&ive nominee’s life, upon the day when the faid payment (hall become due, before any one or more juftices of the peace of the refpedbive county, riding, city, town, or place, wherein fuch perfon, at the time of making the faid oath, (hall refide; which oath he or they are hereby impowered Juftices to to adminifter: and the faid juftice or juftices (hall make a make a certifi-certificate thereof, for which oath and certificate no fee or cate thereof, rewar(j (hall received: and the faid certificates (hall be filed

Digitized by (^ooQle

J7°3*T Anno fccundo & tcrtio Ann^b. C.3-	«

in the faid'office of the receipt of Exchequer: and if any perfon Penalty on per-ifrall be guilty of a faHe oath, or forging any certificate, Ton guilty of a pouching the, premises, and be thereof lawfully convicted, he or felfeoath or (he (haJlincur the punUhment to be inflidled upon perfons who ^ginjeertifi-commit wilful and corrupt perjury.	ca c*

XXIV.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe any nominee certificate

for life or lives (hall, at the time of fuch demand of afty that nominee, quarterly payment, be refident in Scotland or beyond , the refident in feas, and any one or more of the barons of the Exchequer Scotland, or. for the time being ihall certify, that upon proof to him or }j^°"	*

them made (which proof he and they js and are hereby autho- be fufficient fixed and required to take in a fumtnary way) it doth feem for making probable to him or them that -the faid nominee is living payment, (which certificate is to be given, and examination made,

Without fee or reward) the laid certificate being filed as aforesaid, fhaQ be a fufficient warrant-for the making of fuch quarterly payment to the refpeAive contributor, hu dr her executors, adminifirators or afligns.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons. (hall receive any one or more jng any quarterly payments, upon any of the (aid annuities purchafed terly payment for one or more lives as aforefaid, for any time beyond the after the death /death of his, her or their nominee. When thi fame ought

to ceafe, fuch perfon (hall be obliged to repay the fum, fo by to repay the Jhim dr her received, into the receipt of Exchequer; and if the fame, fame were- obtained, either by forging any certificate of the life of fuch nominee, or by bringing any one to the faid receipt of Exchequer, to perfonate his or her appearance, every fuch peribn fo fraudulently getting the faid money, and every perfon fo produced as aforefaid, (hall forfeit treble the fum Penalty.on to received, to be recovered by adfcion of debt, in any of her perfonsobtaiq-Maje%’s courts of record at MM, by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame; m which adtion no efloin, pro- * te&ion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed: and moreover, the faid perfons fo fraudulently getting the faid money, and tho perfons produced as aforefaid, and all other partakers in fuch forgery or fraud, (hall be further puniihed tor the fame, according to the laws of this realm.	-■

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, for the better encouraging . perfons to advance the faid (Several fums on this adt, That ^ iSSfin all receipts and iffucs, and all other things dire<aed by this the Exchequer adfc to be performed in the Exchequer, (hall be done and <hali be made performed by the officers there, without demanding or re- wllhout fec-ceiving, diredUy or indiredily, any fee, gratuity or reward

for the fame; and in cafe any of the officers of the Exchequer Penalty on lhall take or demand any fuch fee or reward, or (hall divert officer taking or mifapply any of the (aid weekly fums to be paid into the jjjj*? * receipt of the Exchequer, or any part of the monfcs which	fUIUf'

(bould make good the payment of the faid annuities, or (hall pay or ilhie out of the fame otherwifo than according

to



is	Anno fccuitdo & tertio Ann^e. c. /.	£*703+

• -to the intent of. this aft, or (hall not keep books and registers, and make entries, and do and perform all other things, which by this aft they are required to perform, every fuch officer (hall forfeit his office, and be for the future incapable Treble da- of any office or place of truft whatfoever, and (hall anfwer »age». . and pay treble damages with cofts of fuit to,every contributor or perion who (hall be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wefiminjier, wherein no eflbin, proteftion, privilege pf parliament, or other privilege, wager of law, injunftion, or order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed; and in the (aid Plaintiff on	aftion the plaintiff upon recovery (hall have his full cofts;

recovery to	pne third part of which fum, fo to be recovered for damages,

have full eoftt. ^ tQ tjjC ufe Gf j,cr Majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors;

and the other two third parts, with the cods, (hall be to the In cafe of faint ufe of the profecutor: and. in cafe there (hall be aqy collufion profecution, or faint profecution between the plaintiff and defendant in fuch contributor ^ aftion, it (hall be lawful for any other contributor, his or qtSr afidon?* ^ executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to bring another aftion, wherein he (hall recover as aforefaid, to the ufes aforefaid.

Officermaking XXVII. Provided always, and be it enafted. That in payment on cafe any officer of the Exchequer (hall make any quarterly Sainotliiciir Paymem or payments upon fuch certificate as is before direfteef, any penalty, fuch officer (hall not incur any penalty, forfeiture, or difability &c.	for doing thereof, although the faid certificate be forged or

falfe, or the (aid nominee be dead, unlefs the faid officer did know, at the time of fuch payment, that the faid nominee was dead, or that the faid certificate was forged or falfe. Contributors XXVIIL. And be it further enafted, That every contributor to certify the for life or lives, as aforefaid, his or her executors, adminiftrators, death of no- or affigns, within one month after notice of the death of Vances, any his or their refpeftive nominee or nominees, (hall certify fuch death to the auditor of the receipt of Exchequer for the time being, and within three months after notice , of the determination of his, her, or their annuity or annuities, by the death or deaths of his, her, or their nominee or nominees, and deliver up (h*U deliver, or caufe to be delivered up, to the faid auditor, their tallies, his or their talky and order, by which he or they were or was See. inj months inti tied, during the life of fuch nominee or nominees, to receive after deceafe. fuc(x annuity or annuities, in cafe fuch talley and order be in his or their hands or power, and in default thereof fuch contributor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, and affigns. Penalty. (ha]l forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by aftion of debt, as aforefaid, and to be had and received to the ufe of any perfon who (hall fue for the feme.

Monies appro-	XXIX. And it is hereby enafted and declared, That fo

priated for much of the monies arifing by the faid weekly* payments ^nuh!«. ^ °.ut ^5 kid branches of excife, as (hall be fumcient, from time to time, to dtfeharge the (aid annuities from and after

the

 *

1703.] Anno fecundo & tertio A**n<*. c.3. \	13

the faid fife and twentieth day of December, one thoufand’ feven hundred and five, during the continuance of the faid annuities refpe&ively, and fo much of the faid contribution-money to be advanced on this adt, as (hall be fufficient ta difchaige all the payments whiqh (hall or may grow due on the faid annuities, from the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and four, untU and for the faid twenty . fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and five indufiveiy, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated to and for the payment of the faid annuities,' according to the true meaning of this a£t, and (hall not be. divertible or diverted to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe what-foever, under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as are before mentioned.

XXX.	Provided always. That no perfon or perfons whatfo- 0ne tWrd ^ ever (hall or may purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to purchafe of the purchafe or obtain, any annuity upon this adt, for any term, eftate, or money to be intereft whatsoever, unlefs the whole, or one third part of the Pa,d 1 confideration money for the fame, at fuch refpedfive rate, as1704* aforefaid, be advanced and paid into the faid receipt of Exchequer, on or before the faid firft day of May, in the year of our

Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four.,

XXXI.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor, Contributors as aforefaid, who (hall on or before the faid firft day of May, n°t paying the one thoufand feven hundred and four, have advanced one third ^°

part only of his or her purchafe money, his or her executors, the times li-adminiftrators* or afligns, do not advance and pay1 into the re- mited, ceipt of Exchequer, one other third part of his or her confidera-tion money, fo to be paid for fuch refpedtive annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, on or before the faid twenty fourth day of’

June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and

tour; and the remaining third part thereof on or before the

(aid twenty ninth day of September, in the fame year of our Lord

one thoufand feven hundred and four; then, and in every fuch

cafe refpedively, no order (hall be drawn or figned for fuch

refpe&ivc annuity for which the confideration money (hall not

be fully paid, as aforefaid, but fo much of the confideration

money as fhall have been actually paid into the Exchequer for

fuch refpeftive annuity, (hall be forfeited and loft to her Maje- f .	..	r

fty, her heirs and fucceflors, and be applied, together with jn, to be

other the monies to be raifed by this a<ft, for the purpofes forfeited, See.

aforefaid; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary not-

withftanding.

XXXII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled, That it Allowances to (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord treafurer, or cotfi- officer* and miffioners of the treafury for the time being, out of any the clerk** &c. monies of the faid weekly payments, to reward the officers and

clerks in the Exchequer to be employed in the payment of the faid annuities, or any Jof them, for their labour, pains, and fervice therein refpedtively, in fuch proportions as to the lord treafurer, or commifiioners of the treafury for the time being,

(hall



14-

Anna fecunda & tcrtio Annje. c. 3.	[1703.

(ball fccm meet and reafonable in that behalf j any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

If fo many XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enadted by the autho-contribution* rtty aforefaid, ‘That if (b many contributions upon this a<5h, ^t'nadeby for fuch annuities as aforefaid, (hall not be made on dr before L wi£ raiie*’ l^c firft day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and four, *,*00,000!. as (hall be fufficient (together with the fcveral parts or propor-&c.	tions of the purchafe money then remaining to be paid at or

before fuch feveral days or times, as aforefaia) to raUe the faid whole fum of one million and two hundred thoufand pounds, over and above the money neceflary to difcharge fuch annuities as (hall be purchafed, until the (aid five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and five inclufivcly, as aforefaid; then immediately from and after the faid firft day of Qgeen, &c. May, one thoufand feven nundred and four, it (hall and may may borrow fo be lawful to and for her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, or her make up The ** t*lcir °®ccrs *n receipt of Exchequer, by command or 1*100,000. * appointment of her Majefty, her heirs or fuaiflors, to borrow &c,	*	and take into the faid receipt of Exchequer, of or from any

perlbn or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate (who have hereby power and authority to lend and advance the fame) for the fervice of carrying on the faid war, and other her neceflary occafions, any fum or fums of money, which, together with the whole amount of all the confideration or purchafe monies, paid or to be paid, in ready money or by proportions, as aforefaid, for the faid annuities, (nail not exceed m the whole the faid fum of one million and two hundred thoufand pounds, befides fo much as (hall be neceflary to dif-charge the purchafed annuities, until and for the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and* five, as aforefaid; which loans (hall be regiftred and repaid in courfe, according to the dates of the tallies, and intefeft (hall be Intertft allow- allowed for the laid loans after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, and payable quarterly; and the principal and inter-eft of the faid loans (hall be charged upon, and payable out of, all the monies, which (hall arife by the faid weekly payments, over and above fo much as will be fufficient to fatisfy the faid annual payments, after the rate of three pounds per ceittum per ammm, to the faid patentees, and thofe claiming under them. Tallies and and over and above fo much as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy fo orders for re- many annuities as (hall have been a<3ually purchafed upon this payment,	:	and	that	tallies	of	loan	(hall	be levied'for the monies fa

lent, and orders lha!l be drawn and figned for repayment of the fame, with fuch intereft as afordaid, according to the courfe of the Exchequer; and that fuch orders, or any part thereof, (hall be aflignab!e,fuch affignments being firft entred in the office of the auditor of the faid^reedpt, and that no monies fo to be lent (hall be chargeable with any taxes, rates, or impofitions; Monies fo kat and all the monies arifiag by the (aid weekly payments out of 10 **	kid	branches	of	cxcifc	(over	and above fo much as will be

fofficknt to tatisfy the fokl annual payments, after the rate of

1703.] Anno fecundo & tertio Annje. c.4.	15

three pounds per centum per annum, and fo many annuities as Weekly pay-Ihall have been actually purchafcd upon this ad, as aforefaid) raents, &c. lhall be applied and appropriated* and the fame are hereby ap- appropriated propriated to and for the repayment of the faid loans in courle, ^nrtcpay~ with fuch intereft as aforefcid, unto fuch perfon or perfons, na- * tives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall lend or advance the fame, as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, admintfirators, fuccedors, or affigns refpedively, without any fee or charge whatfoever, and (hall not be divested or be di- without fee. vertible to any other uft or purpofe whatfoever, under the like penalties and forfeitures as are by this ad prefcribed for diverting or mifapplying any of the money that ought to be applied to the payment of the (aid annuities: and in. cafe all the monies Monies not re-fo to be borrowed, with the intereft thereof, (hall not be repaid paid by *5 by or before the five and twentieth day of December, one thou- bee. 1706. fond (Seven hundred and fix, then the remainder thereof (hall be how fatisficd* (atisfied out of the next aids to be granted by parliament, after the fame five and twentieth day of December* one thouland feven hundred and fix.

CAP. IV.

An act for the publick regiftring of all deeds* conveyances* and wills* that Jball be made of any honors* manors* lands* tenements* or hereditaments* within the Weft Riding of the county of York, after the nine and twentieth day of September, one tboufand feven hundred and four.

WHEREAS the Weft riding of the county of York is the Farther provi-principal place in the North for the cloth manufacture* and fans relating tfisft ef the traders therein are freeholders* and have frequent oceafiom ^ 5 to borrow money upon their eftates for managing their faid trade, m^Antlx' hut for want of a regifter find it difficult to give fecurity to the c.35. f. 3*.* fallsfadion of the money lenders (although the fecurity they offer be really good) byt means whereof the faid trade is very much obftruCted* ' and many families ruined; for the remedying whereof may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, at the humble requeft of the juftices of the peace, gentlemen, *nd freeholders of the (aid tVeft riding, that it may be enaded; and be it,enadcd by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by die authority of the lame, TKat a memorial of all deeds and conveyances, which a memorial of from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, in the all deeds and year of our Lord one thoufand (Seven hundred and four, (hall be conveyances made and executed, and of all wills and devifes in writing made	'

or to be made and publifhed, where the devifor or teftator (hall all wills, die after the faid nine and twentieth day of September, of or &c. made in concerning, and whereby any honors, manors, lands, tene- *he 'Y?? V1*' ments, or hereditaments in the faid IVeft riding* may be any ° ork* way affeded in law or equity, may, at the eledion of the party or parties concerned, be jregiftred in luch manner a? is herein bc «-r	after	Slft,cd-



16	Anno lecundo & tertio Ann^. c. 4.	[1703*

after diredted ; and that every deed or conveyance that (hall, at any time after any memorial is fo regiftred, be made and executed of the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or heredita-ments, or any part thereof, comprized or contained in any fuch memorial, (hall be adjudged fraudulent and void againft any fubfequent purchafer or mortgagee for valuable consideration, unlefs fuch memorial thereof mall be regiftred as by this adt is directed, before the regiftring of the memorial of the deed or conveyance under which fuch fubfequent purchafer or mortgagee (hall claim; and that every devife by will of the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, mentioned or contained in any memorial fo regiftred, as a-forefaid, that (hall be made and publiftied after the regiftring of < fuch memorial, (hall be adjudged fraudulent and void againft any fubfequent purchafer or mortgagee for valuable confiderati-on, unlefs* a memorial of fuch will be regiftred in fuch manner as is herein after directed.

II. And for fettling and eftabli(hing a certain method, with at Wakefield. ProPcr rules anc* directions for regiftring fuch memorials, as a-‘ forefaid, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That one publick office for regiftring fuch memorials of and concerning any honors, manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, that are fituate, lying, and being within the faid Weft ridings (hall be eftablifhea and kept at Wakefield, the neafeft market town to the center or middle of the faid Weft riding, to be managed and executed by a fit and able perfon, to be from time to time eledted and appointed in manner herein after directed, or his fufficient deputy, and to continue in the faid office for fo long time as he (hall well demean himfelf therein.

Regifter to be elected by bal-lotting. Manner of Eledlion.

III. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all eledtions of a regifter to be made or appointed by virtue of this adt, (hall be performed by ballotting in manner following (that is to fay) all the freeholders that at the time of any fuch eledlion have an eftate of freehold, of or in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the faid Wejl riding, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds (to be determined by theoatn of the eledt-or, before the ferutators herein after-mentioned, if any doubt arife touching the fame, which oath they are hereby impower-ed to adminifter) (hall be eledtors of the faid regifter; and that the juftices of the peace for the faid Wejl riding, in that behalf aflembled, or the major part of them, or any five of fuch juftices to be appointed by fuch major part, (hall be ferutators of the ballot; who (hall meet on the day and place of eledlion, and there, in the prefence of the eledlors, (hall place one or more glafs veflels to be provided for that purpofe, into which each e-Fedlor prefent (hall put one open paper, containing the name of fuch perfon as he approves of to be regifter : which papers (hall be taken out again in the prefence of the faid ferutators, by a perfon by them in that behalf appointed ; and the name or names of every perfon therein (hall be once tranferibed in di-ftindt columns, and under each name (hall be fet down the number

Digitized by t^ooQle

1703.] Anno fccundo & tcrtio Acjnas. c. 4.	17

bcr of their electors, which (hall be deliberately caft up by the faid fcrutators, and the fame (hall be read over in the hearing, and fixt up in the view, of the eleAors then prefent; and the perfon upon whom the majority (hall fall, (hall be declared regifter.

IV.	And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That the Time of ele&i election of a perfon to be the firft regifter, (hall be made at the firit next general quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for the rc£iftcr' faid Jr eft ridings after the feaft of Eafter% in the faid year of our

Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four, in open court, on the fecond day of the faid feflions, between the hours of nine in the morning, and three in the afternoon.

V.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That when Upon death, and as often as the laid office (hall become vacant by the death, *c* °* re8i~ forfeiture, or furrender of any fuch regifter, the juftices of the t#

peace for the faid Weft riding, aflembled at the general quarter feflions of the peace, next after fuch vacancy (hall happen, or the major part of them, (hall in open court declare the faid vacancy, and by order of the fame feflions (hall appoint and prefix a certain day and time, within the fpace of one calendar month, and above three weeks enfuing the end of fuch general quarter feflions, for the eleAors to aflemble at Wakefield aforefaid, tQ choofe a fit and able perfon, in the manner aforefaid, to fupply the faid vacancy : and to the intent that all perfons qualified to be eleAors, may have due notice of fuch vacancy, and time of election of a fucceeding regifter, the clerk of the peace for the time being for the faid Weft riding (hall forthwith caufe copies of fuch order, for the prefixing the time of fuch election, to be delivered to the refpeAive chief conftablcs of the feveral wapentakes within the faid Weft riding, who (hall and are hereby required to publilh the fame in full market in every market town within their feveral wapentakes, on the next market day after the receipt thereof, and to affix the fame in the moft publick place of refort there.

VI.	And be jt enacted by the authority aforefaid. That upon During the the death of any fuch regifter, and until another election of a vacancy, exe-perfon to execute that office (hall be made in manner aforefaid, mpSaS the executors and adminiftrators of the regifter deceafed, toge- a perfon toex-ther with the fureties for the faid regifter, or their executors and ecute the of-adminiftrators, (hall appoint a proper perfon to execute the of- fice.

fice of regifter, for whofe demeanor in the execution of the faid office the fecurity given for fuch regifter deceafed (hall be an-fwerable.

VII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. How memo-That all and every memorials, fo to be entred or regiftred, (hall rials fhall be be put into writing, in vellum or parchment, and direAed to the dircAcd**®. regifter of the faid office; and in cafe of deeds and conveyan-* 9 ces, (hall be under the hand and feal of fome or one of the grantors, or fome or one of the grantees, his or their guardian?

or truftees, attefted by two witnefles, one whereof to be one pf the witnefles to the execution of fuch deed or conveyance;

Vol. XI.	C	Which



iS	Anno	fecundo	&	tcrtio	Annas.	c. 4^	{1703.

Deeds and which witnefs (hall, upon his oath before the laid regifter, or conveyances. h*ls deputy prove the figning and fealing of the faid memorial, and the execution of the deed or conveyance mentioned in fuch Wills. memorial; and in cafe of wills, the memorials (hall be under the hand and feal of fotne or one of the devifees, his or their guardians or truftees, attefted by two witnefles, one whereof mall, upon his oath before the faid regifter or his deputy, prove the figning and fealing of fuch memorial; which refpe&ive oaths the faid regifter or his deputy is hereby impowered to ad-minifter.

^ry VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, sm^eed con- ^hat every mem°rial of any deed, conveyance, or will, (hall vevance/or " contain the day of the month, and the year when fuch deed, will fhali con- conveyance, or will bears date, and the names and additions of tain.	all the parties to fuch deed or conveyance, and of the devifor,

or teftatrix of fuch will, and of all the witnefles to fuch deed, conveyance, or will, and the places of their abode, and (hall exprels or mention the honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, contained in fuch deed, conveyance, or will, and the names of all the pari(hes, town(hips, hamlets, precin&s, or extraparochial places, within the faid IFeJl riding, where any fuch honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments'are lying or being, that are given, granted, conveyed, devifed, or any way affe&ed or charged by any fuch deed, conveyance, or will, in fuch manner as the fame are exprefled or mentioned in fuch deed, conveyance, or will, or to the fame Regifter to in- effed; and that every fuch deed, conveyance, and will, or pro-dorfc a certi- bate 0f thc fame, of which fuch memorial is fo to be regiftre4, fuchCdeedV&!Z as af°rc^a,^> lhaU he produced to the faid regifter or his deputy, 9	* at the time of entring fuch memorial, who (hall indorfe a cer-

tificate on every fuen deed, conveyance, and will, or probate thereof, and therein mention the certain day, hour, and time on which fuch memorial is fo entred and regiftred, exprefling alfo in what book, page, and number the fame is entred, and that the faid regifter, or his deputy, (hall fign the faid certificate when fo indorfed; which certificates (hall be taken and allowed as evidence of fuch refpedtive regiftries in all courts of record whatfoever; and that every page of fuch regifter books, and every memorial that (hall be entred therein, (nail be numbred, and the day of the month, and the year, and hour, or time of the day, when every memorial is regiftred, (hall be entred in the margins of the faid regifter books, and of the faid memo-keep an^I^ r*a* 5 anc* l^at cve,7 regiftcr (hall keep an alphabetical ca-betical eaten-’ lendar of all parimes, extraparochial places, and townlhips dar.	within the faid IVeJi riding, with reference to the number of

every memorial that concerns the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in every fuch pari(h, extraparochial place, or townihip refpedtively, and of the names of the parties mentioned in fuch memorial; and that fuch regifter (hall duly file every fuch memorial in order of time, as the fame (hall be brought to the faid office, and enter or regifter the faid memorials

Memorials to be numbred.

Memorials to be filed and entred in order.

Digitized by L^ooQle

l9

1703.] Anno fecundo & tertio Annje. c.4,

rials in the fame order that they (hall refpeltively come to his hand.

IX. And be it further enalted, That every fuch regifter, before he enter upon the execution of the faid office, (hall be fworn before the juft ices of the peace for the faid tiding, or any three or more of them that (hall be prefect at his election (who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oatn) in thefe words:

YOU Jball truly and faithfully perform and execute the office and Regiftcr’i duty that is dire fled and required by aft of parliament, in re- oam. gifting memorials of deeds, conveyances, and wills y within the Weft riding of the county of York, Jo long as you Jhall continue in the faid office ; and that you have not given nor promifed, direftly nor indl-reftly9 nor authorized any per]on to give dr promife any money, gra* tuity9 or reward whatfoever, for procuring or obtaining the faid of* fee for you:

So help you GOD.

X. And that when and as often as the faid regifter (hall ap- RegJfteFi depoint any deputy to execute the faid office, fuch deputy (hall, puty to take before he enter upon the execution thereof, take the faid oaththc ^ oat*1* appointed to be taken by the regifter, before two or more jufti-ces of the peace for the faid ridings who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oath ; and that every regifter, Regifter to at the time of his being fworn into the faid office, (hall alfo ghre 2,000b enter into a recognizance with two or more fufficient fureties, ^ccuritlr* to be approved of by five or more of the juftices of the peace of the faid riding that were prefent at his faid eleltion, by writing under their hands and feals, to be regiftred at the next general quarter feffions of the peace for the (aid riding^ of the penalty of two thoufand pounds unto her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, to be taken by the fame juftices of the peace that approved of his fecurity, conditioned for his true and faithful performance of his duty in the execution of his faid office: The lame to be tranfmitted by the fame juftices of the peace, within one month next after the date thereof, into the office of her Majefty’s remembrancer of the Exchequer, there to remain a-mongft the records of the faid court.

Xi. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed by the If no mi(be« authority aforefaid. That when any regifter (hall die, or fur- haviourappwr render his office, and that within the fpace of three years, from [er^eath* &c. and after fuch death or furrender, no mifbehaviour appear to 0f regifter, have been committed by fuch regifter, in the execution of his fuch recogni-faid office, then and in fuch cafe, at the end of the faid three to ^ years after his death or furrender, the faid recognizance, faentred V01 * into by him, (hall become void and of no effeft, to all intentsr and purpofes whatfoever.

XII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Times of at-That every fuch regifter, or his fufficient deputy, (hall give (*uctf,l^cc in attendance at his office every day in the week (except Sundays- oftcc*

20	Anno fecundo & tertio Anna. c. 4:	[I7°3-

and holidays) between the hours of nine and twelve in the fore-noon, and the hours of two and five in the afternoon, for the difpatch of all bufinefs belonging to the faid office j and that every fuch regifter or his deputy, as often as required, (hall make fearches concerning all memorials that are regiftred, as afore-f*id, and give certificates concerning the fame under his hand, if required by any perfon.

Allowances XIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, for entring	That every fuch regifter (hall be allowed for the entry of every

memorials,	fuch memorial, as h by this aft directed, the fum or one (hil-

ling, and no more, in cafe the fame do not exceed two hundred words i but if fuch memorial (hall exceed two hundred words, then after the rate and proportion of fix ponce an hundred, for all the words contained in fuch memorial, over and above the and forcerti- firft two hundred words: and the like fees for the like number ficates. of words, contained in every certificate or copy given out of the faid office, and no more, and for every fearch in the faid office one (hilling, and no more.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch regifter or his deputy (hall negleft to perform his or their duty in the execution of tne faid office, according to the rules and direftionsin this aft mentioned, or commit, or fuffer to be committed, any undue or fraudulent praftice in the execution of the faid office, and be thereof lawfully convifted, that then fuch regifter (hall forfeit his faid office, and pay treble damages with full cods of iuit to every fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be injured thereby, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill* plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminpery wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law (nail be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That the perfon to be no-nated on death minated, as aforefaid, upon the death of any regifter, to exe-executeYhe0 cute t^lc ^ °®ce> during the time the fame lhall be vacant, as office (while aforefaid, (hall, before he enter upon the execution thereof, vacant) to take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by fuch regi-take the lame fter, and his deputy, before two or more juftices of the peace oath as regi- for the faid riding (who are hereby impowered to adminifter the

fame oath) and that if fuch perfon, fo nominated, (hall be lawfully convifted of any negleft, tnifdemeanor, or fraudulent praftice in the execution of the (aid office, during fuch vacancy, he (hall be liable to pay treble damages, with full cofts of fuit, to every perfon that (hall be injured thereby, to be recovered as aforefaid.

Aft not to ex- XVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That this tend to copy- a<cfc not extend to any copyhold eftates, or to any leafes at

hold eftates* a rack rcnt> or t0 anI,eafe not cxccedin6 one ^ twenty years, where the aftual poffeffion and occupation goeth along with the leafe ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife nptwithftanding.

Penalty on regifter, &c.

Treble da-mages.

Perfon nomi-

fter.

Treble damages.

XVII. PrO-



1703.] Anno fecundo & tertio Ann.®, c. 4.	ai

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enalted, That Manors,lands, where there are more writings than one, for making and per- &c-t0 bc feeing any conveyance or fecurity, which do name, mention, fruhemTmo-or any ways affelt or concern the fame honours, manors, lands, rial, &c. where tenements, or hereditaments, it (hall be a fufficient memorial, there are more and regiftcr thereof if all the faid honours, manors, lands, te- wntin£s than nements, and hereditaments, and the parilhes, townfhips, ham-

lets, or extraparochial places, where the fame lie, be only once veyance, &c. named or mentioned in the memorial, regiftcr, and certificate of any one of the deeds or writings, made for the perfelting of fuch conveyance or fecurity 5 and that the dates of the reft of the faid deeds or writings, relating t,o the faid conveyance or fecurity, with the names and additions of the parties and wit-nefles, and the places of their abodes, be only fet down in the memorials, regifters, and certificates of the fame, with a reference to the deed or writing whereof the memorial is fo regi-ftred, that contains or expreftes the parcels mentioned in all the faid deeds, and dirdtion> how to find the regiftring the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Amemorblof That a memorial of fuch deeds, conveyances, and wills, asdccds\&c-(hall be made and executed or publilhed in London, or in any ^aJhich other place not within forty miles of the faid Weft ridings which concern any do or may concern or affelt any honours, manors, lands, tene- lands in the ments, or hereditaments in the faid IVejl riding, (hall be en- weft ridin£. tred or reeiftred by the aforefaid regifter or his deputy, in cafe an ona&lf affidavit (worn before any one of the judges at Weftminfter, or fay[U

a mafter in Chancery, be brought with the faid memorial to the

(aid regifter or his deputy, wherein one of the witnefles to the

execution of fuch deeds and conveyances (hall fwear he or (he

faw the fame executed, and the memorial figned and fealed as

abovefaid, or wherein one of the witpeffes to the memorial of

any will (hall fwear he or (he faw fuch memorial figned and

fealed as abovefaid; and the fame (hall be a fufficient authority

to the faid regifter, or his deputy, to give the party that brings

fuch memorial and affidavit, a certificate of the regiftring fuch

memorial; which certificate, figned by the faid regifter or his Regifter to

deputy, (hall be taken and allowed as evidence of the regiftriesS,ve certificate

of the fame memorials in all courts of record whatfoever; any1 iereuP°u*

thing in this alt to the contrary thereof contained in any wile

notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forge or counter- forging or feit any fuch memorial or certificate as are herein before menti- counterfeiting oned and directed, and be thereof lawfully convilted, fuch per- cerdficates.°r fon or perfons (hall incur and be liable to fuch pains and penalties as in and by an alt of parliament made in the fifth year of

the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft againjl forgers of se\\z. c. 14. falfe deeds and writings, are impofed upon perfons for forging or publifhing of falfe deeds, charters, or writings fealed, court rolls, or wills, whereby the freehold or inheritance of any perfon or perfons of, in, or to any lands, tenements, or

C 3	heredita-

Digitized by t^ooQle

22	Anno	fecundo	&	tertio	Ann.®. c.4.	[1703.

hereditaments, (hall or may be molefted, troubled, or charged; Penalty on and that if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forfwear him-Pjrfon for- feif before thc fajd regifter, or his deputy, or before any judge ^wcanng nun- or mafter jn Chancery, in any of the cafes aforefaid, and be thereof lawfully convifted, fuch perfon or perfons (hall incur and be liable to the fame penalties, as if the lame oath had been made in any of the courts of record at JVeJtminJler.

^llT^ed^	Provided	always,	and	it	is hereby enacted, That all

in £ months memorials of wills that (hall be reeiftred in manner as aforefaid, after death of within thefpace of fix months after the death of every refpeft-devifor, dying ive devifor or teftatrix, dying within the kingdom of England, m England, dominion of IVales> and town of Berwick upon Tweedy or withers after t*le fpa<?e °f t^iree y«rs after the death of every refpeftive dedeath of deyi- vifor or teftatrix, dying upon or in any parts beyond the feas, ibr dying be* (hall be as valid and effeftual againft fubfequent purchafers, as JondCcz, to if thc fame had been regiftred immediately after the death of oe valid. fuch refpeftive devifor or teftatrix ; any thing herein contained fo the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. Provifoincafe XXI. Provided always, that in cafe the devjfee, or perfon or of will*	perfons interefted in the honours, manors, lands, tenements,

*	or hereditaments, devifed by any fuch will, as aforefaid, by

reafon of the contefting fuch will, or other inevitable difficulty, without his, her, or their wilful negleft or default, (hall be difabled to exhibit a memorial for the regiftry thereof, within the refpeftive times herein before limited, then and in fuch cafe the regiftry of the memorial, within the fpace of fix months next after nis, her, or their attainment of fuch will, or a probate thereof, or removal of the impediment, whereby he, (he, or they are difabled or hindred to exhibit fuch memorial, (hall be a lufficient regiftry within the meaning of this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

No member of XXII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, parliament to That no member of parliament, for the time being, (hall be gWer 'o/rt- caPaMe of being chofen regifter, or of executing, by himfelf lifter to be or any other penon, the faid office, or have, take, or receive chofen a mem- any fee or other profit whatfoever, for or in refpeft thereof; ber of parlia- nor fl^ll any regifter, or his deputy, for the time being, be ca-*BCnt’	pable of being chofen a member to ferve in parliament.

Publick aft. XXIII. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be taken and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a pub-lick aft ; and all judges and juftices are hereby required as fuch fo take notice thereof, without fpecial pleading the fame.

CAP,



1703.] Anno fecundo & tertio Annjb. c. 5.	23

CAP. V.

An aft to repeal a provifo in an aft of the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, which prevents the citizens of the city of York from difpojing of their perfonal eftates by their wills, as others inhabiting within the province of York by that aft may do.

WHEREAS by an aft made and pajfed in the fourth year of the 4. W. & M.

reign of their late majejlies King William and Queen Mary,c. a. intituled, An aft that the inhabitants of the province of York may difpofe of their perfonal eftates by their wills, notwithftanding the tuftom of that province: in which aft there is a provifo, that nothing in the find aft contained Jhould extend or be confirued to extend to the citizens of the cities of York and Chefter, who were or Jhould be free-men of the fiaid refpeftive cities, inhabiting therein, or within the fuburbs thereof, at the time of their death: but that every fucb citizen's widow and children Jhould and might have and enjoy fuch rea-fonable part and proportion of the tejlator’s perfonal ejlate, as Jbe or they might or ought to have had by the cujlom of the province of York, before the making of the fiaid aft: and whereas notwithjlanding the mayor and commonalty, on behalf of the inhabitants of the fiaid city of York, have humbly defired that the fiaid provifo may be repealed, fo that the freemen of the fiaid city may have the benefit of the fiaid aft of parliament, as well as all other perfons inhabiting within the faiefprovince-, be it therefore enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fix and twentieth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four, the laid provifo, fo far as the fame concerns the citizens of the city of York, (hall be repealed and is hereby repealed and made null and void, fo that from thenceforth it (hall and may be lawful for all and every the citizens of the faid city of York, who are or (hall be freemen of the faid freemen of city, inhabiting therein, or within the fuburbs thereof, at the	0? tLir"

time of their death, by their laft wills and teftaments, to give, perfonal ef* bequeath, and difpofe of their goods, chatties, debts, and other tates by will, perfonal eftates, to their executor or executors, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as the faid teftator or teftators (hall think fit, as any other perfon or perfons inhabiting or refiding within the faid province of York may lawfully do by virtue of the faid aft: ^]^0W9 or and that from and after the faid fix and twentieth day of children bar-March, the widows, children, and other kindred of fuch tefta- red from tor or teftators, (hall be barred to claim or demand any part of cl**m» oth5r-the goods, chatties, or other perfonal eftate of the teftator or teftators, in any other manner, than as by the faid laft wills and teftaments is limited and appointed; any thing in the faid aft, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided, and be it enafted. That this aft (hall be taken Publick aft. *nd allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick aft *

C 4	and

Digitized by L ae

n

Anno fecundo & tertio Ann.®. c. 6.	(1705.

and all judges and juftices are required as fuch to take notice thereof without fpecial pleading the fame.

CAP. VI.

An aS for the increafe of feamen, and better encouragement of navigation, and fecurity of the coal trade.

WHEREAS the giving due encouragement to fuch of the youth of this kingdom, as /ball voluntarily betake themfehes to the fea fervice, and practice of navigation, and obliging others, who, by reafon of their own or their parents poverty, are dejlitute of employ • ment, or any lawful means whereby to maintain them/elves, may greatly tend to the increafe of able and experienced mariners and feamen, for the fervice of her Majejly's royal navy, and for the carrying on the trade and commerce of this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That from and after the five and twentieth day or March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four, Parifli boys	it (hall and may be lawful to and for two or more juftices of the

may be put	peace, in their feveral and refpe&ive counties, ridings, or divi-

rice^tothe	*i°ns> as alf° to and for all mayors, aldermen, bailiffs, and

fea fervice, other chief officers and magiftrates of any city, borough, or town corporate, within her Majefty’s kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and like* wife to and for the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor (for the time being) of the feveral and refpeftive pariflies with-* in the places aforefaid, by and with the confent and approbation of fuch juftices of the peace, mayors, aldermen, bailiffs, or Other the chief officers or magiftrates aforefaid, to bind and put out any boy or boys, who is, are, or (hall be of the age of ten years, or upwards, or who is, are, or (hall be chargeable, or whofe parents are or (hall become chargeable to the refpeftive pari(h or pariflies wherein they inhabit, or who (hall beg for alms, to be apprentice and apprentices to the fea fervice, to any to matters of of her Majefty’s fubje&s, being matters or owners of any (hip $ipt> tcc. or veflel ufed in fea fervice, and belonging to any port or ports within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed aforefaid, for fo long time, and until fuch boys (hall refpe&ively attain or come to the age of one and twenty years ; and fuch binding out any fuch apprentice (hall be as efieftual in the law, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch boy were of full age, and by indenture had bound himfelf an JJoytagetobe apprentice: and to the end that the time of the continuance infcrted in his of the fervice of fuch apprentice or apprentices may the more indenture,&c. plainly and certainly appear, the age of every fuch boy, fo to be bound apprentice, (hall be mentioned and inferted in his in-> dentures, being taken truly from a copy of the entry in the re-gifter book, wherein the time of his being baptized is or (hall be entred (where the fame can or may be had) which copy (hall be given and attefted by the minifter, vicar, or curate of fuch

|7°3*1 Anno fecundo & tcrtio Ann.®. c. 6.	25

parifh or parifties, wherein fuch boys baptifm (hall be regiftred, without fee or reward, and may be writ upon paper or parchment without any (lamp or mark ; and where no fuch entry of fuch boys being baptized can be found, two or more of luch juftices of the peace, and fuch mayors, aldermen, bailiffs, or other chief officers (hall, as fully as they can, inform thcm-fclves of fuch boy’s age, and from fuch information (hall infert the fame in the (aid indentures ; and the age of fuch boy fo inferred and mentioned in the faid indentures (in relation to the continuance of his fervice) (hall be taken to be his true age, without any further proof thereof.

II.	And be k further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Churchward* That the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor for the time en*t0 P*y being, of the Several and refpe&ive parilhes, from whence any

fiich boy (hall be bound apprentice to the faid fervice, as afore- cloathbig,8cc. faid, (hall pay down to fuch matter, to whom the boy is bound, and be aliowl at the time of his binding, the fum of fifty (hillings, to pro- *d the fame in vide neceflary cloathing and bedding for fea fervice, for fuchthciraccounts, boy; and the charges by this a& appointed (hall be allowed to the faid churchwardens and overfeers on their accounts.

III.	And zuhereas in many large parties within this realmy there are fevered tozvnjhips or villages, and overfeers of the poor are chofen and appointed within and for each fuch terwnfhip or village refpeftively;

be it therefore enabled, That the overfeers of the poor of every Overfeer* of inch townlhip or village (hall and may, from tiihe to time, any^ownOup within every luch townihip or village, do, perform, and execute or village may all and every the adts, powers, and authorities hereby enadted as church-or diredfced to be done, performed, or executed by the church- wardens* wardens or overfeers of the poor of a parilh ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanaing.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, No fuch ap-That no fuch apprentice or apprentices (hall be compelled, or prentice to be hnprefled, or permitted or fuffered to lift or enter him or them-

fclves into her Majefty’s fervice at fea, or enter into the fea fer- 1 ycar# vice of her Majefty’s heirs or fuccefiors, till fuch apprentice or apprentices refpedhvely arrive to the age of eighteen years.

V.	And be it further enadted. That the churchwardens and Apprentices overfeers of the parilh, out of which any fuch boy (hall be indentures to bound an apprentice, (hall fend the faid indentures to the col- ^.^5* t0 kdfor of her Majefty’s cuftoms, redding at or belonging to any

port or ports within this kingdom of England, dominion of whereunto his WdUsy and town of Berwick upon Tweedy whereunto fuch matter be-mafters or owners of (hips 01* veflels, to whom fuch apprentice or apprentices (hall be bound, do or may belong ; who (hall, Collettor to in a fair book or books to be by him kept for that purpofe, enter the fame fairly enter, from time to time, all and every indenture and in- S1**1*’ dentures, whereby fuch apprentice and apprentices (hall be bound, and which (hall be (b fent unto him, and (hall make an indorfeinent upon the faid indentures of the regiftry thereof, fubferibed by the faid colle<ftor, without taking any fee or other reward for the feme : and every fuch collector neglefling or reT

fufing



Penalty on collector ne-gle&ing.

26	Anno	fectindo & tertio Ann^. c.6.	[1703.

fufing to enter fuel) indentures, and indorfe the fame, or making falfe entries, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for the ufe of the poor of the parifh, from whence fuch boy was bound apprentice : and all and every fuch collector or collectors, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, of the faid feveral and refpeCtive ports, (hail from time to time tranfmit certificates in writing, under his or their hands, to the lord high admiral of England, or to the commiffioners of the admiralty for the time being, containing the names and ages of every fuch apprentice . refpeCtively, and to what (hip he belongs; and upon receipt of Lord admiral fuch certificates, protections (hall, from time to time, be made teclonl f£r° and g>vcn f°r Inch apprentices, till they attain their feveral and fuch apprenti- refpeCtive ages of eighteen years, without any fee or reward to ces, gratia* be taken for the fame ; which certificates, fo as aforefaid to be given, are not required to be writ upon (tampt paper or parchment.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the perfon and perfons, to whom any poor parifh boy hath been, or hereafter (hall be, put apprentice, according to the (latute made in the forty third year of the 43 Eli*, c. t. reign or Queen Elizabeth, may, with the confent and approbation of two or more juftices of the peace of the fame county, and dwelling in or near the fame pari(h#whcre fuch poor boy was bound apprentice, or by and with the confent and approbation of any mayor, alderman, bailiff, or other chief officer or magiftrate of any city, borough, or town corporate, where fuch poor boy was bound apprentice, at the requeft of the mailer or miftrefs, then living, of fuch apprentices, or his or Parifh boys their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by indenture, af-bound ap7 fign and turn over fuch poor boy apprentice to any mailer or overowner anY Anp or veffel, uling the fea fervice, as tothefeafer- aforefaid, for and during the then remaining time of his ap-vice.	prenticelhip; which aflignment and alignments of fuch appren-

tices, fo as aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be Indentures of good and effectual in the law: all which indentures of aflign-mcnt arc hereby directed to be regiltred, and certificates there-jtlurfdby # given and tranfmitted by fuch collector, at the faid feveral ▲AnnzTc. 19. ports where fuch parilh apprentices (hall be foafligned over, and 1.16.	bound to the fea fervice, in manner and form aforefaid ; and

upon receipt of fuch certificates, protections (hall, from time to time, be made and given for fuch apprentices (fo to be af-figned over, as aforefaid) till they (hall attain their feveral and refpeCtive ages of eighteen years, without fee or reward for the fame, in like manner as aforefaid.

All fuch ap- VII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, prentices until That all and lingular fuch poor boys as are herein before-men-exempted	tlonc<*» or intended by this aCl to be bound and put out, and

from the 6d.	hich as	(hall be afligned over to the fea fervice, as aforefaid,

per month to during their feveral and refpeCtive apprcnticelhips, till fuch Greenwich	time as	they (hall attain their feveral and refpeCtive ages of

hofpital.	eighteen	years, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be exemptr

1703 ] Anno fecundo & terrio Ann.®, c. 6.	ij

cd, freed, and difeharged of and from payment of fix pence See * Geo. *. per month towards the better fupporting of Greenwich HofpitaU c & g\y6' the aCt of parliament made in the feventh and eighth years of I 11#	'	3'

the reign of the late Kine William the Third (of glorious memory) intituled. An act for the incr&fe and encouragement of fea-men, or any claufe in the fame contained to the contrary nereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And for the better providing fuch apprentices with Matters of mailers for the faid fervice; be it further enabled by the au- foip8* thority aforefaid. That all and every of her Majefty’s fubjeCts, take^chap-being mailers or owners of any (hip or (hips, vcffel or vefiels, prentices. ufed in the fea fervice, as aforefaid, of the burthen of thirty

tun to the burthen of fifty tun, be obliged to take one fucn*/4 Ann« apprentice, and one more for the next fifty tun, and one more c* for each and every hundred tun, fuch Ihip or vcffel IhaJl ex- Teb^tdtotah ceed the burthen of one hundred tun: and fuch mailer or own- *t*j under i) or of any ihip or veffel, refufing to take fuch apprentice or ap-years •/ ago, prentices, as aforefaid, ihall forfeit the fum of ten pounds for &c# the ufe of the poor of die pariih from whence fuch boy was bound apprentice.

IX.	And be it further enaCted, That every mailer or owner and to give aa -of fuch ihip or (hips, veflel or vefiels, fo obliged to take fuch account of apprentice or apprentices, after his arrival into any port or ports RamCi* aforefaid, and before he clears out of fuch port, (hall give an *c’ account in writing, under his hand, to the collector of fuch

port to which he belongs, containing the names and numbers of fuch apprentices as are then remaining in his fervice.

X.	And for the better conveying and conducting all and every fuch apprentice and apprentices, fo to be bound, as aforefaid, to his or their refpeCtive mailer and mailers * be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every fuch appren- How

rice and apprentices ihall, from time to time, be feverally and ihalTbe refjpeCtively fent, conducted, and conveyed to the fevcral and conveyed to refpeCtive ports, to which his or their mailer ihall refpeCtively the ports to belong, by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, or t^.r their agents, of the pariih from whence fuch apprentice is bound, iJJng?” and the charges thereof to be in the fame manner, as it is provided by an aCl of parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign or his faid late majefty King William the Third, n & nw. 3. intituled. An act for the more effectual punijbment of vagrants, and c. 18. fending them whither by law they ought to be fent.

XI.	And it is hereby directed. That the counterpart of all The countered every fuch indentures, to be executed by the (everal and parts of their refpeCtive mailers of all fuch apprentices, ihall be fealed and {^^an^mftted executed in the prefence of, and attefted by, the collector at to thc church-the port aforefaid, (where fuch apprentices ihall be bound or wardens, &c. afiigned over) and the conilable or other officer, who ihall bring

or convey fuch apprentices to the faid feveral and refpeCtive mailers; which conilables or officers tail mentioned (hall tranf-mit and convey the counterparts of fuch indentures to the phurefi wardens and ovprfcfers of the feveral pariihes from whence

Digitized by ^.ooq le

28	Anno fecundo & tertio Ann-®, c.6.	[ i 70$,

fuchr apprentices /ball be bound, by the fame ways and means as fuch apprentice or apprentices were conveyed to the faid feveral and refpe&ive ports.

Jufticet to de- XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ^aLnts^e-"1" That two or more juftices of the peace of the respective counties, twtenmafters aIM* dwelling in or near any of the ports aforefaid, and all mayors, and appren~ aldermen, bailiffs, and other chief officers and magiftrates of tice«.	any city, borough, or town corporate, in or near adjoining to

fuch port or ports, to which fuch (hip or veffel (hall at any time arrive, (hall have full power and authority, and are here^ by authorized and impowered to inquire into, and examine,, hear, and determine all complaints of hard or ill ufage from the feveral and refpeCjtive matters, to fuch their apprentice or apprentices, fo to be bound or affigned over, as aforefaid, and alu> of all fuch as already have, or who (hall at any time hereafter voluntarily put themfelves apprentice to the fea fervice, as aforefaid, and to make fuch orders therein, as now they are enabled bylaw to do in other cafes between matters and apprentices.

Collector to XIII. And be it further ena<Sled by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch colle<$tor irt every port or ports aforefaid, (hall,

*	in their feveral and refpeftive ftations, keep an exa& regifter,

containing as well the number and burthen of all fuch (hips and vetTels, together with the matters or owners names, as ahb the names of fuch apprentices in each (hip and veffel belonging to their refpedive ports, and from what parifhes and places and tranfmir a foch apprentices were respectively fent; and that fuch collectors tobarter ^a^ tranfinit true copies of fuen regifter, figned by them, to feflions? &c. F	quarter feffions, or to fuch cities, boroughs, towns corpora///.	*	fate, parithes, or places, when and fo often as they (hall be

teafonably required fotodo; for which copy or copies, fo to be tranfmitted as aforefaid, no fee or reward (hall be taken: and that every fuch collector refuting or wilfully neglecting to tranfmit fuch copies, as aforefaid, (hall for every fuch refufal or Penalty. negleCt forfeit five pounds for the ufc of the poor of the pariih, from whence fuch boy was bound apprentice.

Officer to in- XIV. And be it further enaCted, That every cuftom-houfe cocquet* the °®cer or officers, at each and every of the ports aforefaid, (hall number of i infert, and are hereby required from time to time, to infert men and boys at the bottom of their cocquets, the number of men and boys on board, &c. Qn board the refpedive (hips or veffels, at their going out of every fuch port, therein particularly deferibing the apprentices by their refpeCtive names, ages, and the dates of their feveral indentures, for which no fee or reward (hall be taken.

XV.	And for the encouragement of all fuch as have, or (hall voluntarily bind themfelves apprentices to the fea fervice; Perfonsvolun- be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all and themfeWc? ng everY P^011 an^ perfons, who have or (hall fo voluntarily, apprentices and °f his or their own accord, bind or put him or themfelves to fea fervice, apprentice to any fuch matters or owners of any (hip or veffel, not to be 1m- as aforefaid, (hall not be compelled or impreft into her Majefty’s 1	fea



1703J Anno fecundo & tcrtio Annas. c.6.	29,

fca fervice, or the fea fervice of her Majefty’s heirs or fuc- prefled for 3 ceflors, for and during the term of three years, to be accounted yca™\ ., from the dates of the refpe&ive indentures of fuch voluntary 4 Annas cfio. apprentice or apprentices ; all which indentures are hereby di- ,7/ * reeled to be regiftred, and certificates thereof given and tranf- Indentures to mitted by fuch collector at the faid feveral ports, where fuch ap- be regiftred, prentices already have become fo bound, or that hereafter (hall ^gWenfor fo bind themfelves, in manner and form as aforefaid; upon re- thc laid 3 ceipt of which faid feveral certificates, protections (hall, from year*, time to time, be made and given, for the faid firft three years of their feveral refpective apprenticefhips, without either fee or reward for the lame.

XVI.	And forafmuch as divers diflolute and idle perfons, rogues. All lewd and vagabonds and Jlurdy beggars, notwit hfanding the many good and diforderly wholefome laws to the contrary, do continue to wander up and down, d^^cd pilfering and begging through all parts of this kingdom, to the great gabonds or tifturbance of the peace and tranquility of the realm; for the more Sturdy beg-cffectually fuppreffing fuch disorderly perfons, and to the end gars, by 39 that they may be made ferviceable and beneficial to their be uken*up° country; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That a*d conveyed all lewd and diforderly men fervants, and every fuch perfon into the and perfons, both men and boys, that are deemed and adjudged Queen's fea rogues, vagabonds, and (lurdy beggars (not being felons) by anlcrvice* act of parliament made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of the faid late Queen Elizabeth, for punifhing of rogues, vagabonds, and fturdy beggars, (hall be and are hereby directed to be taken up, fent, conducted, and conveyed into her Majefty’s fervice at fea, or the fervice at fea of her Majefty's heirs or fuccefiors, by fuch ways, methods, and 'means, and in fuch manner and form, as is directed for vagrants by the faid before-mentioned act of parliament, made in the faid eleventh and twelfth years of the r^ign of the faid late King JViUiam the Third, For the more effectual punijbment of vagrants, and fend- u & 1* W. 3. tng them whither by law they ought to be fent.	CV **•

XVII.	And whereas owners and mafters of merchant (hips are at great charge in educating and bringing up the parijh children, till they come to the age of eighteen years, and other voluntary apprentices three years, at which time they are capable to ferve in her Majefly's

Jbips of war \ be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. When when fuch fuch apprentices (hall be imprefled, or voluntarily enter them- apprentice* felves into her Majefty’s fervice, the faid owners or matters of ^allbe im-fuch apprentices, their executors, adminiftrators, or affig^s,

(hall be intituled to able feamens wages for fuch of their ap- bavc abie fea-prentices, as (hall upon due examination be found qualified for men* wage* the fame, notwithftanding their indentures of apprenticefhip. for them.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ^a|^crseand That all the penalties and forfeitures directed by this act, (hall, how tob/ie* by warrant under the hands and feals of any two or more ju- vied.

(bees of the peace, of the fame county, city, borough or town corporate, be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the offender, which fale (hall be good in the law againft fiicb offender.

6	XIX. And



3©

7 & 8 W. 3

c. tl.

J&9W.J c. a3.

to be main tained in Greenwich hospital.

Anno fccundo & tertio Asnm. C.6.	[1703*

XIX.	And whereas upon the aft of parliament, before mentioned, m the feventh and eighth years of the reign of the faid late King

William the Third, intituled, An ad for the increafe and encouragement of feamen; as alfo upon the aft of parliament made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of the faid late King William the Third, intituled\ An ad to enforce the ad for the encouragement of fea m en, feveral doubts have arofe whether any difabled feamen, their children, or the widows and children of feamen /lain, killed, or drowned in fea fervice, other than fuch as are exprejly qualified by the faidlafi mentioned afts, may be admitted and provided for in Greenwich hofpital, when any vacancies happen therein; De it therefore enaded, for the encouragement of all perfons who do or (hall Lord admiral ferve at fea. That at any time hereafter, when any fuch va-faff°iIlf any cancy or vacancies (hall happen in the (aid hofpital, that the men their* *or(* high admiral of England, or commiflioners executing the wives and office of lord high admiral of England for the time being, (hall children, See. have full power and authority, and is and are hereby impowered and authorized, from time to time, to nominate and appoint any difabled feamen, their wives and children, and the widows and children of feamen (lain, killed, or drowned in fea fervice, to be maintained and provided for in the faid hofpital, as the faid lord high admiral, or commiflioners executing the office of lord high admiral, (hall think fit or fee occafion; any thing in the faid two federal ads of parliament laft mentioned, or in the letters patents in the faid ads mentioned, contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XX.	Andfor the encouraging all fuch jhips or vejfels as Jhall be im-ployed in bringing coals for fupplying the city ^London, arid other ports of this kingdom, at more reafonable rates than during this war they

Allowances of ^ttve hitherto been \ be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That men free from from after the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand imprefling im- feven hundred ani four, there (hall be allowed yearly, during

coaTtrade C Prc^ent war* ^ree from itnprefiing, to every mafier of any (hip or veffel imployed in the coal trade, befide the faid matter and matter’s mate, and carpenter, one able feaman for every hundred tun in burthen, not exceeding three hundred tuns, that fuch (hip or veflel contains, which (hall be made appear by a certificate from the cuftom-houfe, of what number of tuns fuch (hip or velTel is really of, according to the gages or meafures mentioned in an ad parted in the fifth and fixth year of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, For laying a duty on tunnage of Jhipping; and if any captain, lieutenant, or other officer, (hall prefume to imprefs or take any of the men allowed by this ad, as aforefaid, fuch captain, lieutenant, or other officer, (hall forfeit to the mafter or owner of fuch (hip or veflel, ten pounds for every man he (hall fo imprefs or take, to be recovered with cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, protedion, privilege, injundion, or order of reftraint, (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

5&6W.&M.

C.10.

Penalty on officer imprefling men to allowed.

1703.] Anno fecundo & terdo Ann.®, c. 7,8.	31

CAP. VII.

An act for enlarging the term of years granted by an aft parted in the fedion of parliament, held in the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the Third, for repair of Dover harbour.

11 Sc 11W. 3. c. 5. for the repair of Dover harbour, continued from 1709. to 171?' Continued by 9 Geo. 1. c. 30. left. 1. to May 1744. Penalty on fhip failing in or through the gates of the works without firft taxing down her tails. No fullage to be thrown into the bafop of the harbour. Continued by 11 Geo. 1, c. 7.for ai years.

CAP. VIII.

An act for erefting a work-houfe in the city of Worcefter, and letting the poor on work there.

A corporation to be for ever in the city of Worcefter, to con lift of the Explained and perlon* hereafter exprerted. How the eleftions (hall be made. Mi- made pure ef~ nlfters to give notice in the church of the day and time of eleftion. fefinal by Benefaftor may be elefted a member for one year. In cafe of death of 3Geo.i.c.i3* any perfon elefted, a new eleftion to be made. In cafe of deficiency in any parifli of fit perfons to be chofe guardians, the lame may be elefted out of any other parilh. The guardians of the poor of the city of Worcefter made for ever a body politick, and may purchafe lands. Officers to be elefted yearly. No officer com pel fed to ferve longer than two years. Trcafurer to continue but for one year. Guardians may be difplaced on juft caufe. A court to be held yearly the firft Thurfday in every month. Eleven of the guardians to conltitute a court. The governor may at any time hold a court \ and at the defire of ten of the guardians an extraordinary alfembly may be held. The court may summon the inhabitants to appear before them. Guardians may appoint a common leal, make by-laws, conltitute committees, and fettle one or more bofpital, work-houfe, See. Guardians to provide materials for fetting tne poor to work, and compel beggars, Sec. to work in fuch work-houfe 5 and all perfons fent into houles of correftion $ and poor children, &c. until fifteen years old; and then bind them apprentices for (even years. Guardians may punifh perfons in the work-noufe not conforming to the rules thereof. A committee of five guardians to be appointed for punilhing offenders. Court to afeertain the fums needful tor fettling fuch hofpital or work-houfe, Sec. to be raifed in two years; and to afeertain the weekly fums for the maintenance and imployment of the poor of the hofpital, Sec. alfcfs the faid fums in equal proportion, and certify the fame to the mayor and aldermen, &c,

Perfons unequally aflefled may appeal. In cafe mayor, Sec. negleft to iflue out warrants for levying the afleffments, Scc. Corporation may do the fame. Corporation to provide for maintenance of the poor of the city, Sec. except the poor otherwife provided for. Corporation may „ examine churchwardens, See. on oath, grant warrants to apprehend rogues, vagabonds, Sec. and caufe them to be fet to work tor 6 months.

The corporation not to have any power over any alms-houfe, See. in the (aid city, Sec. Court may choofe a clerk, and other officers, and fer-vants needful5 and on death or removal choofe others, and allow them out of the flock. Treafurer to account yearly, and deliver over what (hall be in bis hands to the fucceeding treaiurer. No perfon to be elefted a guardian, unlefs he pay 6d. a week to the poor. Corporation may contraft with any pari(h in the county for employing their poor.

Sec. Continuance of any poor perfons in the work-houle not to be deemed a fettlement. Eleftion of all officers, except guardians to be by ballot. No cloth or ftuff manufactured in the work-houfe, to be fold by retail in Worcefter city. But may be imployed for cloathing the poor of the corporation.

cap’



3*

9W.3.

i Annas, C7.

Anno fecundo & tcrrio Ann,*. c. 9.	[1703.

CAP. IX.

An act for granting to her Majefty an additional fubfidy of tunnage and poundage for three years; and for laying a further duty upon French wines condemned as lawful prize, and for afcertaining the values of unrated goods imparted from the Eaft Indies.

MoJ! gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and paffed in tbs ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King William the Third, of glorious memory, intituled, An adfc for granting to his Majefty a further fubfidy on tunnage and poundage, towards railing the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds, for the fervice of his Majefty’s houlhold, and other ufes therein mentioned, during his Majefty’s life; it was enafted, That over and above all fubfedies of tunnage and poundage, and over and above all additional duties, impofitions, and other duties whatfoever, therein mentioned, there Jhould be raifed and paid to his Majejly one other fubfidy called Tunnage, for and upon all wines, which from and after the lajl day of January, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, at any time or times, during his Majeftys lift\ Jhould be imported or brought into the kingdom ^England, dominion of W ales, or town of Berwick upon T weed; and onefurther fubfidy called Poundage, of all manner of goods and merchandizes imported or brought into this realm, or any his Majejly's dominions to the fame belonging, at any time or times after the Jaid laft day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, during his Majefty s life, by way of merchandize (except fiucb goods and merchandizes as are therein excepted) and with fuch abatements, regulations, directions for making repayments or allowances upon exportation, and fubje'ft to fuch rules and other matters and things touching the faid feveral fub-fidies, as in the faid aft are expreffed; which faid further fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wine> goods, and merchandizes, granted by the aft above recited, are to be raifed and paid to your Majejly, during your life, by virtue of another aft of parliament made and paffed in ihe firft year of your Majeflf.s reign, lat j. intituled> An acft for the bttter fupport of her Majefty’s houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, as by the faid afts (relation being thereunto fever ally had) may more fully appear: Now we yourMajefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts the commons of England, in parliament aflembled, for the better enabling your Majefty to carry on the prefent war, and to defray your other neceflary expences, do cheerfully and unanimoufty give and grant unto your moft excellent Majefty, the additional rates, duties, and Turns of money herein after-mentioned, and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadtcd by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled,

. and



Anno fecundo & tettio Akhje. c.g.	•	33

and by the authority of the fame, That over and above the fubfidies of tunnage and poundage above-mentioned, and over and above all other fubfidies, additional duties, impofitions, and payments whatfoever, by any other aCt or ads of parliament , or otberwife however already due or payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majefty for or upon any wines, goods, or tunnage upon merchandizes whatfoever, imported or to imported, there fhali wines im; be railed, levied, collected, paid, and fatisfied unto her Majefty ported ^alter a one other fubfidy called Tunnage^ for and upon all wines which from and after the eighth day of March, in the year of our fart^r conii-Lord one thoufand feven hundred and three, at any time or mudby^ Ann*, times within or during the fpace of three years from thence c- 6- 5 Ann®, next and immediately enfuing, (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of, Geo. 1. fiat. Berwick upon Tweedy that is to fay, one third part of fuch or *.c. 11. f. 8. the like feveral and refpeCtive duties, as by the faid recited aCts, or either of them; are impofed or payable for or upon any kind of wine or wines refpeCtively; and one other fubfidy called Poundage, of all manner of goods and merchandizes to be imported or brought into this realm, or any her Majefty’s dominions to the fame belonging, at anytime or times after ^ the faid eighth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and an goodfim* three, during the faid term of three years, by way of merchan- ported for 3 dize* that is to fay, one third part of fuch or the like feveral years, and refpeCtive duties, as by the faid recited aCts, or either of	**

them, are impofed or payable for or upon the fame goods and pGeaitc.il. merchandizes refpeCtively, except fuch goods and other mer- f,3. chandizes as by the faid aCts, or either of them, are exempted Exceptions, from payment of the fubfidies thereby granted.

II. And it is hereby enaCted, That in all cafes where by the laid former aCts, or either of them, any drawbacks or abate- Drawbacks ments are to be made of the whole or any part of the duties there- abate-by impofed. there lhall be in the like cafes proportionable draw- ment8# backs and abatements made of the whole or part of the duties by this aCt granted, refpeCtively ; and that the feveral fubfidies and duties by this aCt granted, during the continuance thereof, lhall be raifed, collected, levied, fecured, and paid, by the fame ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeCt to fuch rules and directions, as in and by the faid aCts, Duties bow to or either of them, are preferibed or appointed, touching 0r berajfed, &c. concerning the faid fubfidie* of tunnage and poundage which were thereby granted, as aforefaid; and that every article, rule,	3-

and claufe contained in the faid recited aCts, or either of them, ^nn® ftat.i. concerning the faid fubfidies of tunnage and poundage formerly Ct7. granted, as aforefaid, and now in force, fo far forth as the lame do or may relate to the fubfidies or duties formerly granted, as aforefaid, lhall be ufed, exercifed,' and put in practice for the railing, levying, collecting, and anfwering the fubfidies and duties hereoy before granted, as fully and effectually as if the fame articles, rules, and claufcs, and every of them*, were again particularly and at large recited and re-enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt: except only as to fuch of the faid zxctvtum. Vol. XI.	D	articles,

Anno fecundo & tcrrio Ann.®. c.9.	[ 1703.,

articles, rules, and claufes, touching which other provifions* alterations, or exemptions are made by any ad or ads of par* liamentnowin being; which other provifions, alterations or exemptions (hall be obferved with refped to the duties hereby granted, during the continuance of this ad, in the fame man* ner as they are to be obferved with refped to the laid fubfidies formerly granted, as aforefaid.

Drawback on III. And it is hereby further enaded and declared, That for fugar refined every hundred weight of fugar refined in England (and io in in England, proportion for a greater ojr leffcr quantity) which (hall be ex-exported, ported out of this kingdom, within or during the (aid term of three years, there (hall be by this ad repaid at the cuftom-houle to the exporter, within one month after the demand thereof over and a- (ovcr ^ *b°vc	°f	t^ree	AnlUngs	payable by the above

bove the 3 $. recited ads* or one of them) the further fum of one (hilling, and no more: oath being fiiil made by the refiner, that the faid fugar fo exported was produced from brown and mufcova-do fugar, charged by this ad, and that, as he verily believes, the fame was imported from her Majefty’s plantations in America ; and that, as he verily believes, the duty of the (aid brown and mufcovado fugar was duly paid at the time of the importation thereof, and that the fame was duly exported, her Maie-fty’s fearcher alfo certifying the (hipping thereof, and all other requifites duly performed, according to the book of rates.

No fee for en-	1V. And be it further eroded by the authority aforefaid. That

try* &c. the officers of her Majefty’s cuftoms, or any of them, or any of their clerks or fubftitutes, (hall not diredly or indiredly receive, take, or demand any fee, gratuity, or reward whatsoever, from any of her Majefty’s fubjeds or aliens, for any en-' try, warrant, debenture, certificate, cocquet, or other matter or thing, to be done or performed by them, or any of them, in relation only to the faid fubfidies of tunnage and poundage herein before granted, on pain of forfeiting for every fuch of-Fenalty 401. fence the fum of forty pounds (to wit) one third thereof to her Majefty, and the other two thirds thereof (befides cofts of fuit) to the party grieved, who may fue for the fame by adion of debt, or of the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of her Majefty's courts of record at IVefminJler, wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

V.	And whereas all wines of the growth or produft of France, or of any dominions under the French King, are by feveral laws and Jlatutes of this realm liable to the payment of feveral duties upon the importation thereof and particularly by an aft of parliament made in the feventh year of the reign of his faid late majejly King 7 W. 3. c.a®. William the Third, intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty an additional duty upon all Frenchgoods and merchandizes; it was enafted (amongjl other things) That for every tun of French wine imported within the time therein mentioned, there Jhould be paid Jive and twenty pounds above the duties before charged thereupon 5 but by another aft made in the eighth year of the fame King's reign,

intituled,

1703.] Anno fecundo & tertio ANN-ffi. c.9.

35

intituled, An a <ft for granting to his Majefty a further fubfidy of $ W. 3. c. 24* tunnage and poundage upon merchandize imported, for the term of two years and three quarters, and an additional land tax for oneyear, for carrying on the war againft France, is was provided, Tnat nothing in the Jaid aft of the Jeventh year of his faid late Majefty's reign Jbould charge any merchandizes of the growth of France, which Jbould be bona fide feized or taken, and condemned as prize, with any further or other duties than what they were or ought to have been charged withal, before the mating of the aft laft mentioned; and her Majefty by her royal proclamation, bearing date the ftrft day of June, in the fir ft year of her reign, for the encouragement of her Jhips of war and privateerj, hath been pleafed to fuhjeft all French wines (amongft other things) taken and condemned as lawful prize, to the payment of the duties and cuftoms payable by law, other than the faid duty of five and twenty pounds per tun: now her Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjelts the commons of England, in parliament aflembled, being defirous to encourage the trade to Portugal, and alfo to raife monies for carrying on the prefent war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, do further grant to her Majefty the additional duty, herein after-mentioned, upon all Frincn wines to be taken and condemned, or adjudged as lawful prize ; and do befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed : and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That for every tun of any wines of the growth or produft of France, or 01 any dominions under the French King, feized or French wiae taken, or to be feized or taken by any her Majefty’s fhips, or taken as prize by any privateers, or otherwife, and which at any time or times, ^a£^cpcr during the term of three years above-mentioned, (hall be con- the former demned or adjudged as lawful prize, there (hall be paid to her duties. Majefty the fum of fifteen pounds of lawful Englijh money, over and above the duties already charged thereupon, without deduction, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefTer quantity; the fame to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid to hex ^9W to be Majefty’s ufe, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penal- ra“cd» ties and forfeitures, and. in fuch manner and form, as the fubfidy of wines by this agranted is to be raifed, levied, colle<ft-ed, and paid, or by deducing the fame out of the proceed of the refpe&ive prizes, as the other duties of the fame wines are directed by the faid proclamation to be deducted.

VI.	And whereas feveral goods, wares, and merchandizes of the growth, produft, or manufafture of the Eaft Indies or China, or of other parts within the limits of the charters granted to the compa-sties, and other traders who are allowed to trade to the Eaft Indies, are not particularly rated in the book of rates eftablijbed by law, but are by fever al laws and Jlatutes now in force charged, upon the importation -thereof with feveral duties to be paid according to the values of the faid goods, wares, and merchandizes refpeftively; now for the better fecuring fuch duties, and afeertainine the values, according to which fuch duties lhall be paid for the future, it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefiud* That from and after the faid eighth d f March, one thoufand (even

hundred

$6

Anno fecundo & tertio AnnjE. c. 9.'	[1703.

Unrated goods hundred and three, upon the importation of any fuch unrated °*d Ch*lAdit goods, wares, and merchandizes, of the growtn, product, or be entered in marmfalture of the Eajl Indies, China, or other the parts with-the cuftom- in the limits aforefaid, now liable to pay duties ad valorem, as heufe.	aforefaid,	by	any	alt	or alts of parliament already made in that

See ix Geo, i. behalf, during tne continuance of the fame alt and alts of par-c# 7#	liament, or any of them, an entry or entries thereof (hall be

made in the cuftom-hOufe, where fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes (hall be imported, and before the landing thereof, the Importer to importer or importers of the fame (hall give fecurity by bond, «ve fecurity w;g^ two or more fufficient fureties (which the commiffipners d^netj&f. * or proper officers of the cuftoms are hereby impowered to take) for payment of the faid duties, according to the real values of (except coffee) the faid goods, to be afeertained according to this alt (except coffee, the duties whereof are to be regulated according to the and for expof- former alts concerning the fame) as foon as the faid goods (hall

(klt^&c*10	^ J an<* a^° ^or exP°^n8 l^e g°°^s> fo imported to fale,

9	'	openly and fairly by way of aultion, or by inch of candle, with-

in the city of London, within the time of twelve months after the importation thereof.

VII.	And it is hereby enalted and declared. That the value of fuch goods, according to which the faid duties are to be paid (except coffee, as aforeuid) (hall be reckoned according to the grofs price at which fuch goods (hall be fo fold, making fuch allowances only out of the fame as are herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, it is hereby enalted. That out of the values of the faid goods fo to be afeertained by the price at the candle, as aforefaid, there (hall be a dedultion and allowance made of fo much as the net duties, payable to her Majefty for the fame goods refpeltively, do amount unto (except the duty of five pounds per centum, payable to the Queen for the ufe or the faid companies) and fo much as the refyfeltive companies, or traders aforefaid, (hall bona fide allow for prompt payment to the per-fens who at fuch Tales (hall buy the faid goods at time: and al-fo upon the whole values of the faid goods fo to be afeertained by tne price at the candle, there (hall be dedulted and allowed fix pounds for every hundred pounds to the faid companies and traders refpeltively, for their charges in keeping the (aid goods, from the time fuch goods are imported till the fale by the candle, and in that proportion for a greater or lefler value.

VIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any fuch unrated goods of the growth, prodult, or manufalture of the Eajl Indies, China, or other the parts within the limits aforefaid, (hall be landed or put on (hore out of any (hip or veffel, before due entry thereof be made at the cuftom-houfe in the port or place where the fame (hall be imported, and the faid duties (hall be fecured, as aforefaid, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering the fame, firft figned by the commiflioners, colleltors, or other proper officer or officers of the cuftoms refpeltively, that all fuch imported goods as (hall be fo landed and put on lhore, or taken out of any (hip or vcf-

6	fcl,

How fuch goods (hall be valued.

and what deductions and allowances made.

Such unrated

foods landed efore due entry, &c.



1703.] Anno fecundo & tcrtio Ann,®, c. 9.	37

fcl, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized or recover- to be forfeited, cd of the importer or proprietor thereof (to wit) two thirds of &c* the fame to the ufe of her Majeftv, her heirs and fucceflors ((he or they bearing the charge of the profecution) and the other third part to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as will feize, inform, or fue for the fame, or the value thereof, by adion, bill, fait, or information, wherein no cffoin, protedion, or wager of law (hall be allowed : neverthelefs the faid duties fo to be Duties how to paid upon the values fo afcertained of the faid unrated goods, ** applied, wares, and merchandizes (except the neceffary charges of railing, collecting, and anfwering the fame) (hall be applied and dif-pofed to the fame ufes and purpofes to which the refpedive duties Upon the fame goods, payable in any other manner by any former alt or ads, were appropriated or applicable.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That in all The like cafes where by the faid former ads concerning the faid duties drawbacks as of unrated goods, or any of them, any drawbacks or allowances g^[ormcr were to be made of all or any part ot the duties, upon the exportation thereof within the refpedive time or times thereby limited, there (hall be the like drawbacks or allowances made

of or out of the duties of the fame goods, to be afcertained by this ad.

X.	Provided allb. That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to charge any goods or merchandize, chargeable by this ad, imported into any port of this kingdom before the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and three.

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded. That all perfons im- Nine months porting any tobacco, hereby charged with any the duties afore- glvcn for pay-laid, (hall have nine months time, from the entry of the to- ^^bacro** bacco inwards, for payment of the duty hereby impofed upon on 0 a

the fame, giving bond, with fufficient iureties, to her Majefty * f*r ccnt-for payment thereof at the end of the faid nine months, as in pjl^^pay-like cafes is ufual; and in cafe of prompt payment the import- jnent; P er (hall have a difcount after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum.

XII.	And far the encouragement of the iron manufadure of

this kingdom ; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. No drawback That from and after the eighth day of March, one thoufand fe- on wajr®* ven hundred and three, there (hall not be allowed any draw-	wrouet

back, or repayment of cuftoms, or duties, charged in this or	&c. s

any former ad, upon any wares made of wrought iron or fteel in foreign parts, which mall be imported into this kingdom, and afterwards exported to any of her Majefty’s plantations in America; any daufe in this or any former ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIH. And whereas the time for exportation of tobacco, fugar, finger, pepper, bugles alias beads, caji and bar iron, dying wood, all dying wares, and all drugs, by Englifh merchants, in order to draw pack) is limited to twelve months, which by experience is found to be

P 3	m



$8	Anno	fecundo	&	terdo	ANN;®,	c.	9.	[1703;

7*

?• C. 1?.

Froyifo.

S Anne, c* ij* fi 20•

*40 ./kr/, wry inconvenient to trade; be it therefore ena&cd i* mo!5th8 by the authority aforefaid, That all Englifb merchants (hall, en^v inward«fr°m ^ eighth day of March, have eighteen months time to cxporTto. fr°m *be entry inwards of all tobacco, fugar, ginger, pepper, b»cco, &c. bugles alias beads, call and bar iron, all dying wood, dying Tb$fe v8 months wares, and all drugs, to export the fame : and (nail have the t0 3 like benefit and drawback by fuch exportation, as if the fame tGco. 1. flat, bad been exported within twelve months, according to the fe-* cond rule in the book of rates $ the faid rule or any other law or cuftom now in force relating thereunto notwithstanding : provided certificates be taken forth, and oath made, and all other reouifites performed according to the laws now in being.

XIV. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where the oath of merchants, importing and exporting, is by law required to obtain any drawback or allowance upon the exportation of any foreign goods, the making of fuch oath by the agent or hulband of any corporation, or company trading by a joint flock, affirming the truth of the officers certificate of the entry and due payment of the duties of fuch foreign goods by any ftych company or corporation; and the making of fuch oatn by the known fervant of any merchant ufually employed in the an m anv ,na*c*n8 bis entries, and paying his cuftoms, tor any goods of a See. orfcrvant ^merchant fo to be exported, mall be of the like effect as if the of merchant, faid oaths were made by any particular merchant or merchants See. fufficient. iJiemfelves.

Oath of the agent or hulband of

Unrated goods XV. And for afeertaining the values of any unrated goods how to be af- imported before the faid eighth day of March, one thoufand fe-certained. yen hundred and three, from the Eaft Indies and China, or any other parts within the limits aforefaid, by the two companies Impowered to trade thither, or either of them; it is hereby further enabled. That the oath of two directors or members of the committee of the (aid companies (hall be admitted to affirm the value of fuch goods fo already imported, according to which fhe duties ad valorem for the fame are to be paid; any former aft or ads of parliament or uiage to the contrary notwithftand-

Moniestrifipg on the faid duties, to he paid into the Exchequer*

Loan of 300,0001. thereupon.

ing.

XVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies arifing by the additional fubfidy of tunnage and poundage hereby granted, and by the faid additional duty, after the rate of fifteen pounds per tun upon all French wines to be condemned as lawful prize, as aforefaid (except the necef-fary charges of railing and anfwering the (aid iubfidy and additional duty refpeftivelyj (hall from time to time be brought and pajd into the receipt of the Exchequer; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perlon and perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to lend to her Majefty at the faid receipt, upon credit of the faid fubfidy of tunnage smd poundage, and the faid additional duty on French wines condemned as prize, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of three hundred thoufand pounds; and upon apothpr a# of fhis prcfipfU feffion of parliament, inT

tftujpd.



*703-1

Anno fecundo & terdo An*ub.

c.9.	39

tifuled, An off for granting an aid to her Majefiy by continuing the an<j $50>DOO i. duties upon matt, mum, cyder, and perry, for one year, any fum upon the malt or Aims of money, not exceeding in the whole Ax hundred and * & i fiftv thoufand pounds, including all loans made thereupon;Ann**c- *• and that all perfons who (hall have lent upon the faid credits, or either of them, (hall have intereft for the forbearance of their refpeftive loans by them made, or to be made, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be paid every three $ 1. per cent, months from the making of fuch loans, until fatisfaftion ofmtcrclt* the principal Aims refpeftively: and that no monies, fo lent or e , . to be lent, (hall be rated or aflefled to any tax or affeAment^ £c whatlbevcr; and that every fuch lender (hall immediately have Tallies of loan a tmiley of loan (truck for the money by him, her, or them lent, to be ft ruck, and an older of the feme date for repayment thereof, with fuch &c;*nd orden intereft as aforefeid; and that all fuch orders (hall be regiftredt0 “ entrc * in courfe, according to their dates (to wit) the orders for loans on the hid duties on malt, mum, cyder, and Deny, on a re-

S'fter to be kept for that aft, and the orders for loans on the id fubfidy, and additional duty, by this aft granted, on a di~ Payment in ftinft regifter for fuch loans; and all perfons on the faid re- courfe. fpeftive regifters (hall be paid in courfe, as their orders (hall ftand. regiftred; fo as the perfbn, native or foreigner, his executors, adminiftrators, or aifigns, whofe order (hall )>e firft regiftred, (hall be accounted the.perfon to be firft paid out of the monies to come in by the faid refpeftive duties whereupon the laid loans (hall be made refpeftively; and he or they who (hall have his or their order or orders next entred, (hall be taken to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceffively and in . courfe; and that the faid monies to come in by the faid refpec-five duties, whereupon the faid loans (hall be made refpeftive- lenders/ ly, (hall be in the feme order liable to the fetisfaftion of the faid xefpeftive perfons, their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns (bcceflively, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife, and (hall nof be diverted or divertibie to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; and that no fee, re- N° \cc re* ward, or gratuity, dircftly or indireftly, be demanded or taken g	c"

of any her Majefty’s fubjefts, for providing or making of any filch books or regifters, or/any entries, views, or fearch, in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof, as afore-laid, by any of her Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party aggrieved, by the party offending, with full coftsof fuitj or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by aftion of debtr or on thexafe, to pay the value of the debt, with damages and cofts, to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of his place or office : and if'mch preference be unduly made by any Payments to his deputy, or clerk, without direftions or privity of his mafter, *e3**c*?m ^ J	D	4	then	cord“*to

4p	Anno feomdo & tertio A Hum. g. g. [1703*

each pcrf<?rv> then filch deputy or clerk only (hall he liable to filch a&ion^ due place and ^ebt, damages, and cofts, and (hall be for ever after incapable -'Cr* of his place pr office; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall pot dire#, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment, according to each perfon’s due place and order, as afore directed, then be pr they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the rrfpedtiye deputies and clerks herein offending to be liable to fu^h a&ion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner, as aforefaid: all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any of the officers of the Exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recover^ ed by aftion erf debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wefiminfter% wherein no efloin, prote&ion, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of re«r ltraint, (hall be in any wife granted or allowed.

What (hall not XVII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That be accounted if it happen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for payment, undue prefe- as afprefaid, bpar date or be brought the fame day to the audi-rence. jor 0f the receipt to he regiftred, then it (hall be interpreted no undue preference, which of thofe be entredfirft, fo as he cn-r tprs them all the fame day.

XV III. Provided aJfo, That it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any, penalty in point of payment, if the auditor djrc<5t, and the clerk of the pells, record, and the tellers do pay fubfcquent orders of perfons that come and demand tfieir monies and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders, in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved, as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them ; intereft upon loan* being to ceafe from thp time the money is fo referved, and kept in bank for them, prders aflign. XIX. And be it further pnadted, That all and every perlbn and perfons, to whom any money (hall he due for loans, by virtue of this pr the faid former a<ft, after older entered in the book of regifter, fpr either of the faid ads, as aforefaid, his . or jheir e*ecutprs, adminiftratprs, or affigns, by indorfement of hi) order, may aflign pr transfer his right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof, to any other 5 which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in:the proper book ofregiftry aforefaid for orders, which , the officers (hall upon requeft, without fee or charge, accordingly make, (hall intitle fuch affignee, his executors* adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, land! affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon: and fuch auignee may in like manner aflign again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it (hall npt be in the power of fuch perfbn or perfons, whp have pr hath made fuch alignments, tp make yoid, releafe, or difeharge the fame, pr any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

Cfeufe of apf. XX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Ero^iafe)*. That ^11 the monies wjnph (hall be lent to her Majefty, on the ........... "	 i........................... ’credit



1703.] Anno fecundo & terdo Ann,*, c. 9:

credit of the laid iubfidy and additional duty by thisad grants ed, and all the monies-which are or (hall be lent, contributed, -or advanced to her Majefty, upon every or any other ad or ads of this feffion of parliament, for granting any aid or fupply to her Maiefty, for carrying on the prefent war, and other her Majefty*s necefiasy or important occalions, and fo much of the feveral taxes and duties by this and the faid other ads, or any of them granted, as (hall remain (over and above fuch charges as are to be allowed for the railing of the faid taxes and duties refpec-tiveiy, and over and above the monies thereof, which are in the hrft place to go and be applied in repayment and frtisfac-tion of all the loans made or to be made thereupon, or upon any of them, and the intereft thereof refpedively) (hall be appropriated, iflued, and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated for or towards the feveral ules and pyrpofes herein after exprcffed; that is to fay, for or towards the defraying the charge of the ordinary of her Majefty’s navy, and other ftrvicea of the navy, and the victualling thereof, and the fea fervice in the office of the ordinance, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards the land fervices, performed and to be per* formed by the laid office of the ordnance * and to and for lub-Gftence, off-reckonings, and clearings for one year, from the four and twentieth day of December* one thoufand (even hun* dred and three, to her Majefty’s guards and garrifons in Eng-land* and the dominions thereunto belonging (Ireland excepted) and the contingent charges of the fame 5 and for or towards the defraying the charge of her Majefty’s army, and fuch forces as are or (hall be added thereunto in the Lew Countries* within or for one year, to be reckoned from the faid four and twentieth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and three, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; and for or towards the defraying her Majefty’s part of the charge of the forces acting or to all in conjunction with the forces of the King of Portugal* until the five and twentieth day of December* one thouland feven hundred and four; and for or towards the payment of her Majefty’s proportion of the fublidies due, or to be due, upon treaties made, or to be made, with her Majefty’s allies, and other charges for the fervice of the war, until the faid five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and four; and for and towards the payment of any fum, not exceeding five thoufand pounds, for the fupport of ihe invalid*; and for or towards the difcharging of the premums* and other charges for circulating the bills, commonly called Ex-fbeqmr Bills; and for or towards the fetisfadion of toe fom, not exceeding eight hundred feventy five pounds, to be paid without account, and free of all taxes, as well for the friaries of the five commiflioners appointed by ad of parliament for ftating ihe accounts, of the army, tranfports, and prises, during the Jaft war, as for incident charges in the execution of their trull, for one quarter, ending the nine and twentieth day of March* pne thouland (even hundred and four j and for or towards the

f*tis(adion

Digitized by

41	Anno	fecundo & tcrrio AftNM. c.9.	[170$	-

fefisfaftxonof die fum of three thoufand fire hundred poundw for falaries, and any fum not exceeding two thoufand five hundred pounds for incident charges, to be allowed without account, and free of all taxes, to the feven commifiioners appointed by adt of parliament for dating the accounts of all pub-lick monies, and to none other ufe, intent, or purpofe what-foeyer: provided always. That out of the monies to be ifliied to the guards and garrifons, as aforefaid, there (hall and may be taken and applied, any fum not exceeding eighty feven thoufand, one hundred twenty five pounds, ten (hillings, towards the charge of maintaining the (bldiers, raifed and to be railed for fea fervice, with thehr officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging: and out of the monies to be lffiied for the fervice of the navy and fea fervices, as aforefaid, there (hall be taken and applied Rich (ums, as, together with the faid fum not exceeding eighty feven thoufand one hundred twenty five pounds, ten millings, (hall be neceflary for the charge of maintaining the faid foldiers for fea fervice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; any thing herein contained to die contrary notwithftanding. iAnne,ftat.i. XXL And whereas by an a& of the firft year of her Ma)tfly's e* >3*	reign,	intituled,	An	aA	for making good deficiencies, and for

preserving the public credit, feverd tallies therein mentioned do a-mount to five thoufand and feventeen pounds, nine/killings, one penny, and the orders thereupon for reverftons of annuities were directed to be ifliud to difeharge. fuch off-reckonings for clothing, as were become due before the laft day of December, one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, which offreckonings being otberwife Jatisfted, the faid tdlies and orders do fill remain in the bands of the late paymafter generd of the army; and by the aft loft mentioned it was provided. That fuch perfon or perfons as Jbould receive .fucb debentures payable out of the forfeited tfiates in Ireland, as are thereby directed, for monies due to any troops or companies (over and above what was due for the perfonal pay of the commffion officers) Jbould give fecurity to the paymafter general of double the value thereof, and at the end of twelve months Jbould return unto the faid paymafter an account upon oath, of all the debentures by him or them ijfuod m pvrfuante of that aft, and returning back to the hands of the faid paymafter fucb do* bentures as Jbould remain not iffiued out to the end ef the find twelve months; in purfuanci whereof feverd of the faid debentures have bom returned, and others of them ought to be returned to the hands of the late paymafter general of the army, or to the paymafter generd thereof for the time being, for the publiek ufe and fervice: now it it hereby further ena&cd and declared by the authority aforefaid, Treafury to That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord high trea-furer of England, or any three or more of the commifiioners of theVwerfion- ^ txcz{'*TY ^°r the being, to caufe as well the faid orders ary annuities *nd tallies, for the faid reverfionary annuities remaining un* undifoofed of, difpofed, as aforefeid; as alfb all ana every or any the faid de-as alio the de- bentures returned, or tv be returned, to the (aid late paymafter,

tumabletothe or t0 Pay®a^cr gweral of her Majefty’s forces for the time

being,



Anno iecundo & terdo Anna. c. icy«i.'	43

being, purfuant to the laid fee unties, or any of them, given paymafter gear to be given, upon the a£k laft mentioned, to be iffued, paid **ral,forfatif-

over, or applied for or towards fadsfadion of all or any part of *	.	**,	,	.	.	r	1	•	1	•	/*	rr.	7	ru„.	pemioners or

the monies due in the reign of ins late majefty King William Chelfca ho-

the Third, to the out pcniioners of Cbelfta hofpital, and fuch fpital, &c.

other publick debts as were incurred during the laft war, as

the (aid lord high treafurer or commiflioners of the treafury (hall

direct, and in luch proportions, manner, and form, as to him

or them {hall feem meet.

CAP. X.

An ad to enlarge the time for the purebafers of the forfeited eftates in A ^ Ireland, to make the payments of their purchafe money.	i	Ann*, na

Times allowed to the purchafers of the forfeited eftates m Ireland, who c’ III have paid one third part of their purchafe money, for payment of the 11	3*	c«	•

rebdue. On non-payment at thole times, conveyance to be void. All uniatisfied debentures to be regiftered. EXP,

CAP. XL

An off for the making more effectual her Majefty*s gracious intensions for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, by enabling her Majefty to grant in perpetuity the revenues of the ftrft fruits and tenths; and alfo for enabling any other perfons to make grants for the fame purpofe.

WHEREAS at a parliament holden in the fix and twentieth * H t t year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, the ftrft fruits, revenues, anaprofits for one year, upon every nomination or appointment to any dignity, benefice, office* or promotion fpiritual* within this realm* or elfewhere, within the /aid King's dominions* and alfo a perpetual yearly rent or penfion* amounting to the value of the tenth part of all the revenues and profits belonging to any dignity, benefice > or promotion fpiritual wbatjoever* within any diocefe of this realm* or in Wales, were granted to the /aid King Henry the Eighth* bis heirs and fuccejfors; and divers other Statutes have fince been H c made touching the ftrft fruits and annual tenths of the clergy* and the xj h. s! c. 8. ordering thereof: and whereas a Sufficient fettled provifion for the 3* H. 8. c. as, clergy, in many parts of this realm* hath never yet been made* by 47* reckon whereof divers mean and ftipendiary preachers are in many‘s **sH*9m places entertained to ferve the cures* and officiate there; who depend- % Ed. 6, ing for their neceffary maintenance upon the good-will and liking of c. so. fbetr hearers* have been* and are thereby under temptation of 7 Ed. 6.0.4, much complying and fuiting their doflrines and teaching to the humours * Ann*,#c.-a^ rather than the good of their hearers* which hath been a great occafion \qco. 1. c. to! of faltion and fchifm, and contempt of the miniftry: and forafmuch as your Majefty, taking into your princely and ferious confederation the mean and infufficient maintenance belonging to the clergy in divers parts of this your kingdom* has been moft gracioufty pleafed* out of your moft religious and tender concern for the church of England (whereof your Majefty is the only fupreme head on earth) and for the poor clergy thereof* not only to remit the arrears of your tenths due

from



The Queen may ereft a, corporation, and fettle on

Anno fecundo & terrio Ann.*. c. i u [i 703.

front your poor clergy, but cifo to declare unto your mojl dutiful and loyal commons your royal pleafure and pious dejire, that the whole revenue arifing from the firft fruits and tenths of the clergy might be fettled for a perpetual augmentation of the maintenance of the faid clergy) in places where the fame is not already fufficiently provided for: we your Majefty’s mod dutiful-and loyal fubjeds, the commons of England, in parliament affembled, to the end that your Majefty’s moft gracious intentions may be made effectual, and that the church may receive fo great and lafting an advantage from your Majefty’s parting with fo great a branch of your revenue, towards the better provifion for the clergy not luffi-ciently provided for; and to the intent your Majefty’s lingular zeal for the fupport of the clergy, and the honour, intereft, and future fecurity of the church, as by law eftablilhed, may be perpetuated to all ages, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaCted by the Queen’s moit excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Queers moft excellent majefty, by her letters patents under the great feal of England, to thro Jand their incorporate fuch perfons as her Majefty (hall therein nominate fhccefTors, the or appoint, to be one body politick and corporate, to have a fiift fruits and common feal, and perpetual fucceffion; and alfo at her Maje-assentation	pleafure,	by	the	fame, or any other letters patents,

of the mainte*to grant, limit, or fettle, to or upon the laid corporation, and nance of the their fucceflors for ever, all the revenue of firft fruits, and year-meaner clergy, ty perpetual tenths of all dignities, offices, benefices, and promotions fpiritual whatfoever, to be applied and difpofed of, to and for the augmentation of the maintenance of fuch parfons, vicars, curates, and minifters, officiating in any church or chapel within the kingdom of England,, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, where the liturgy and rites of the church of England, as now by law eftablifhed, are or (hall be uled and obferved, with fuch lawful powers, authorities, directions, limitations, and appointments, and under fuch rules and reftric-tions, and in fuch manner and form, as (hall be therein ex-preffed; the ftatute made in the firft year of her faid Majefty’s reign, intituled. An obi for the better fupport of her Majeftfs boujbold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, or any other law to the contrary in any wife notwithltanding.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That all and every the ftatutes and provifions, touching or concerning the ordering, levying, and true anfwering and payment, or qualification of the faid firft fruits and tenths, or touching the charge, difeharge, or alteration of them, or any of them, or any matter or thing relating thereunto, which were in force at the time of making this a<5t, (hall be, remain, and continue in their full force and effeCt, and be obferved and put in due . execution according tQ the tenors and purports pf the fame, and every of

tbe*nf

By 3 Geo. 1. c. 10. a collector is to be appointed.

1 Anns, flat, x. c. 7.

AU ftatutes, &c. relating to Aril fruits and tenths to continue in force.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

45

them, for fuch intents and purpofes neverthelefs, as fhall be contained or directed in or by the faid letters patents.

III.	Provided alfo, That this adt, or any thing therein con- A ft not to tained, (hail not extend to avoid, or any way to impeach or vo#|d any affedl any grant, exchange, alienation, or incumbrance, at any

time heretofore made, of or upon the faid revenues of firft ma£je of any fruits and tenths, or any part thereof; but that the fame (hall, the faid re-during the continuance of fuch grant, exchange, alienation, venue*, or incumbrance refpedtively, be and remain of and in fuch force and virtue, and no other, to all intents and purpofes, as if this ad had not been made.

IV.	And for the encouragement of fuch well-difpofed per-fons as (hall, by her Majefty’s royal example, be moved to contribute to fo pious and charitable a purpofe, and that fuch their charipr may be rightly applied; be it enadted by the authority aforelaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, having in his or their own right any eftate or intereft in pofleflion, rever-fion, or contingency, of or in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any property of or in any goods or chatties,

(hall have full power, licence, and authority, at his, her, and their will and pleafure, by deed inrolled, in fuch manner, and within fuch time, as is directed by the ftatute made in the

twenty feventh year of the reign of king Henry the Eighth, for t7 h. s. c. 16. inrolment of bargains and (ales, or by his, her, or their lad Perfons may will or teftament in writing, duly executed according to law, to Pve kad** give and grant to, and veft in the faid corporation, and their lucceffors, all fuch his, her, or their eftate, intereft, or proper- t0 thefsud ty in fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods and corporation, chatties, or any part or parts thereof, for and towards the augmentation of the maintenance of fuch minifters as aforefaid, officiating in fuch church or chapel, where the liturgy and rites of the faid church "are or (hall be fo ufed or obferved, as afore-faid, and having no fettled competent provifion belonging to the fame, and to be for that purpofe applied according to the will of the faid benefadtor, in and by luch deed inrolled, or by fuch will or teftament executed, as aforefaid, exprefled : and in default of fuch direction, limitation, or appointment, in fuch manner as by her Majefty’s letters patents (hall be directed or appointed, as aforefaid. And fuch corporation, and their fuc-ceflbrs, (hall have full capacity and ability to purchafe, receive, take, hold, and enjoy, for the purpofes aforefaid, as well from fuch perfons as (hall dc fo charitably difpofed to give the fame, as from all other perfons as (hall be willing to (ell or aliene to orfclloralicne the faid corporation any manors, lands, tenements, goods, a»J manor*, or chatties, without any licence or writ of Ad quod damnum, the land*, &c. ftatute of Mortmain, or any other ftatute or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, That this adt or any thing therein contained (hall not extend to enable any perlon or perfons, ^tcdVrom being within age, or of None fane memory, or women covert, ^king fuch without their hufbands, to make any fuch gift, grant, or alicna- gifts, *c.

tion j

Digitized by t^ooQle

One bond only to be taken for the four payments of the firft fruits.

«3&V4 Car.S( c. j*

IT. i. c. 9. s Annas, flat, x. c. aS» '

No frit com ing from Ire-landjScotiandj

Anno fccunck) & tertio Anfu&i c. 12.—14.	[1703.

tion; any thing in this zA contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	And whereas jour bonds for four half yearly payments of the firft fruitsas the fame are rated, and alfo a fifth bond for a further value or payment, in rejpett of the fame firft fruits, have been required and taken from the clergy, to their great and unnecejfary burden and grievance: for remedy thereof be it enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fe-ven hundred and four, one bond only (hall in fuch cafe be given or required for the four payments of the? faid firft fruits : which faid firft fruits, as well as tne tenths payable by the clergy, (hall hereafter be anfwered and paid by them according to luch rates and proportions only as the fame have heretofore been ufually rated and paid : and no fuch fifth bond already given (hall, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March, in the year one thoufand feveri hundred and four, be fued or recovered.

CAP. XII.

Ail aft for raifing the militia for the year one thoufand feven hundred and four, notwithftanding the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Militia forcer may be draqrn out into aftual fervice any time before 04th June, 170?. notwithftanding the one month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid. EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An act for prolonging the time by an aft of parliament, made in the firft year of her Majefty's reign, for importing thrown filk of the growth of Sicily, from Leghorn. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An a£l for the better fecuring and regulating the duties

upon fait.

\\f H E R E A 5 great fums of money are paid out of her Maicjlys V V duties upon fait, on account of debentures for fait Jbipted to be exported to foreign parts \ and it is found by experience, that great part of the fait,for which fuch debentures have been paid, hath been fraudulently landed on the coafts of England and Wales, and not exported to any foreign parts, or having been actually landed in Ireland, or other places out ^England and Wales, have been Jhipped off again from thence, and fraudulently brought into England or Wales; by which evil practices her Majefty's faid duties are very much lejfened in the produce thereof, and the fait makers, who pay their full duties, are very much prejudiced and difcouraged in their trade, by reafon they cannot fell their fait in places which are fuppUed with fait run, as aforefaid: for4 remedy whereof be it ena&ed by the Queen’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That no fait whatfbever, being of the produce or manufadhare of England) Wales, Berwick upon Tweed, Scotland, or Ireland, nor r	any

Digitized by L^ooQle

1703.} Anno fecondo & tcrtio Ann.®, c.14.	47

any other (alt coming from Ireland, Jutland, or the iile of Man, or the ifl. of (hall, after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred jJ5£jtt£1be and four, be imported or brought into any port or place within further pro-kngland, Wales, or Berwiek upon Tweed, nor be taken out of <vifions for this any (hip or veflel, nor put on (hore. within any of the.faid ports or places, upon pain that all the felt fo imported or brought in, taken out of any (hip or veflel, or landed, or put on (hore, con- forfeiture, trary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, (hall be forfeited and loft; and that the (hip or veflel in which any fuch felt (hall be fo imported or brought in, or out of which any fuch felt (hall be taken or put on (hore, together with all her tackle and apparel, (hall alfo be forfeited and loft; and every perfon that (nail take any fuch felt out of any fuch (hip or veflel, or carry the feme on (hore, or convey the feme from the (hore when landed, or be aiding or aflifting therein, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence, or fufier fix months im-prifonment.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may-be law- Salt fo import-ful to and for any of the officers for the feid duties upon felt, at ed may in any time within two months after the importation or landing

any fuch felt, and not afterwards, to feize the felt fo imported erbele“ed* or taken out of any (hip or veflel, or landed or put on (hore, or conveying from the (hore; and alfo the (hip or veflel in which	fhipj

fuch (alt was imported, together with all her tackle and apparel:	so

and in cafe the owner of fuch felt or (hip (hall not, within twen- days may be ty days after fuch feizure, claim the felt and (hip fo feized, and fold, alfo give fufficient fecurity to anfwer the value thereof; then, and in every fuch cafe, the felt and (hip, with all her tackle and apparel, (hall be fold to the beft advantage.

III.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this aft (hall ex- Sa|t carT-ie^ tend, or be conftrued to extend, to any felt which (hall be (hip- coaftwife ex-ped, to be carried coaftwife, by certificate from one port to ano- cepted. ther in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, according to

the diredions of the former ads relating to the faid duties.

IV.	Provided alfo, That in cafe where any fait (hall have Salt forced in-

been entred and (hipped to be exported to foreign parts, accord- Jj° POIt ing to the diredions of the former ads in that behalf, and the	ay

(hip or veflel, laden with fuch (alt, (hall by ftrefs of weather, be re-landedl enemies, or other unavoidable neceffities, be forced into any

port or place within England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, it (hall and mav be lawful to and for the owner of fuch fait, or mafter of fuch (hip, within twenty days after her coming into fuch port, to re-land the (aid fait, io as due entry be made, and the duties again paid down for the whole quantity of fait that was entred to be exported, before any part thereof (halt be relanded, and not otnerwife; any thing in this ad or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided alfo. That in cafe where any fUherman (hall ftfoernum have taken any fait on board his boat or veflel from any part of JJJ2na“n ^ England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for the falting of fi(h board for falt-at fca, it (hall and m?y be lawful for any fuch fUherman tabring ing fifh, on

in oath made,See.

Digitized by

48	Anno fecundo & tertio Annas. c.14.	[170$.

in and land any fuch fait fo taken on board, fo as oath be made before the landing thereof (which oath the officer for the faid duties hath hereby power* and 19 hereby direftcd to adsrinifter, without fee or charge) that the particular quantity of fait, fo to be landed, was taken on hoard from fome part of England Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and at what place it was taken on board, and that no part thereof was taken out of any (hip or veflel at fea; any thing in this aft or any other ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

Allowance of VI. Provided alfo. That in cafe where any (hip or veflel (hall fait for (hip's come into any port of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, ^r«u?nH°r fr°m fatondi or any other foreign part, having on board any f&x	See.	quantity of fait, which was taken in only for the neceflary pro-

vifions of the (hip for fuch voyage, or for curing of fi(h, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the matter of fuch (hip or veflel Wbaiforfeited to land the faid fait, fo as entry be made thereof within ten days luAnd^bv a^cr	coming	into	fuch port, and the duties paid down

5Gco. i!*c. i 8.or ^ecurcd for the fame, before the fame, or any part thereof,

1.18. *	* (hall be landed or taken out of any fuch (hip or veflel, in the

fame manner as the duties of foreign fait imported are to be paid or fecured: any thing in this aft or any other ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

No (alt to be VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, brought out That from and after the faid firft day of June, one thoufand ^ Und into ^even hundred and four, no fait (hall be brought out of Scotland England. by land, into any part of England, or town of Berwick upon Penalty.	Tweed,	or precinfts thereof, on pain of forfeiting the fait fo

Salt officen to biought into any of the faid places, and twenty (hillings a faze fuch fait, bufhel, and fo proportionably for a greater or leifer quantity;

and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of the officers for the duties upon fait, to feize any fait fo brought into any of the faid places, and to apprehend the perfon ana perfons who (hall bring in the fame, and to carry him, her, or them before ?ny of her Majefty’s juftices of the peace near the place where fuch feizure (hall be made; and if, upon full proof of the faft, fuch offender (hall not pay down the (aid penalties by this aft impofed, fuch juftice (hall commit fuch offender to the next gaol, there to remain for the fpace of fix months without bail or mainprize.

<W.&M. c. 7. VIII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fifth year *'II#	of the reign of the late King William and fpueen Mary, intituled,

An act for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages, in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch perfons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum often hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againft France \ it is amongft other things enafted. That no fait Jball be delivered from any Jolt works or pits, without notice firft given to the officer appointed for that purpofe, upon pain of forfeiture of the fait fo delivered, and upon pain of twenty pounds to be forfeited by the owner or owners rf the fait works or pits, where fuch fait Jball be delivered :

49

ty03.] Anno fecundo & tertio	c.	14*

livered; and whereas feveral fait makers have been, and others may be> fubje&ed to the fatapenalties of twenty pounds, by the evil practices of fait carriers, and others, who convey fait from the fait works with- penaj^ on met a warrant or permit for conveying the fame; for preventing carrier whereof be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and carrying Tale after the faid firft day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and without a per* Four, as well the carrier, or perfon who (hall carry or convey mt* any fait without a warrant or permit for carrying the fame, as the proprietor of the fait works, who (hall deliver fait without hotice firft given, (hall forfeit the faid fum of twenty pounds,

. IX. And whereas in and by the faid aft of parliament made in the Farther pro* fifth year of the reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, vifams rtlatmg and by feveral other alls relating to the faid duties upon fait; it is emongft other things provided, That any perfon, who Jball export be-yond the feas any fait, as well foreign as Englifh, or any rock faltr fbatty upon a debenture made out according to the direction of the faid a&Sy be repaid the duties of fuch fait fo exported: and whereas fome doubts and controverts have been made, whether fait Jhipped and exported to Scotland, the ijle of Man, or the ijlands of Jerfey and Guernfey, be an exportation of fait within the intent and meaning of the faid afis> fo as to intitle the exporter to a drawback of the duties of the fait fo exported: for preventing of all fuch controverfies and Salt exported difputes, be it enalted and declared by the authority aforefaid, Scotland, That it was and is the intent and meaning of the faid a<fts, that ^nVorJerfey iny perfon exporting any fait to Scotland, the ifle of Man, or the and Guernfey, iflands of Jerfey ana Guernfey^ according to the dire&ions of the intitled to a (aid a<Ss, is and (hall be intitled to a drawback of the duties of drawback, the (alt fo exported, and (hall be repaid the fame, in fuch manner, and under fuch conditions, as are dire&ed and required by the faid a<fts, in cafe of the exportation of fait to any other fo* reign parts; any thing in the laid a<fts or any other law or fta-tute to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg.

X.	Provided always, and it is further ena<fted by the authority Salt /hipped aforefaid. That where any fait or rock fait (the duties whereof ^ncxP°rta^ (hall have been paid or fecund to be paid, according to the di- nflSnginport# raftion of the former laws, relating to the faid dunes on fait) by the finking (hall from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven of the (hip, hundred and four, be (hipped or laid on board any (hip or vef-(el, in any port, river, or place within this kingdom of England, or the dominion of Walesy or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in order to be exported to parts beyond the feas, or be carried coaftwife; and the faid fait or rock fait, fo (hipped or laid on board, (hall happen to perifh by the finking of the (hip or vef-fel, on which the fame (hall be (hipped or laid on board, before the faid (hip or veflel (hall go out ot fuch port or place, and before the exporter of fuch fait (hall be intitled to a drawback or allowance of the duties thereof, then and in fuch cafe the exporter or proprietor of the faid fait or rock fait, fo periftied, (hall, upon proof made before the juftices of the pedee, at the next general quarter feflions of the peace, to be held for the county, city, riding, divifion, or place next to the place where the Voi. XI.	E	faid



Proprietor to buy the like

Anno fecundo & tertio ANNm. C.14.	[1703*

fait! fait or rock fait (hall fo peri(h, of the lofs of the felt or rock felt fo (hipped, receive from the faid feflions a certificate, that fuch proof was made before them, and upon producing the faid certificate to any of her Majefty’s collectors or officers appointed to colleft the faid duties on felt, the faid colle<5tors and officers are hereby required to let the faid exporter quantity, duty or proprietor buy the like quantity of felt or rock felt, as is ex-*rec#	prefled in the faid certificate to be fo perilhed, without paying

to her Majefty any duty of excife for the fame, in the fame manner as if fuch felt or rock felt had fo perifhed going coaftwife from one port of England to another.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, he or they (hall or may plead the general iflue, and give this aft in evidence for his defence; and if upon a trial a ver-dift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonfuit, difeontinue, or forbear profecuting the faid aftions, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have double cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which cods he (hall have fuch remedy, as in other cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral penalties and forfeitures, hereby given and im-pofed, (hall be recovered and levied by the fame ways, means, and methods, as any penalties and forfeitures can or may be recovered and levied by any of the laws of excife, or by aft ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty's courts of record at IVcJlminJler, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, nor any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; and that the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be di-ftributed in manner following (to wit) one moiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue or inform for the fame.

XIII.	And whereas it is found by experience, that great quantities of fijh, which have been cured at fea, or in Ireland, or other parts not within England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, with fait, fer which the duties have not been atifwered and paid, have been imported or brought into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed,

.. . . ~	wki(h prallice her Majcjly, and the Englifh fijhery, are very much

£ad8%odfi<h prejudiced: for remedy whereof be it enafted by the authority ling, hake, * aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of June, one falmon, See. thoufand feven hundred and four, no herrings, pilchards, fcads, (hall be im* * codfifh, ling, hake, falmon, or dried red fprats whatsoever, or landed <unle(s ty whomfoever caught or cured, ihall be imported, brought in, oath be made, Or landed within England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, un-that the fait Iefs the owner or proprietor of fuch fifh, or the mafter of the Veffel, (hall make oath before the officer for the faid duties on felt, in the port or place where fuch fi(h (hall be imported, brought in, or landed (who Ihall adminifter the feme without fee or charge) that all the felt wherewith the faid fi(h was cured,

was

General iiTue.

Double cofts.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered.

No herrings,

wherewith fuch fifh was cured, was laden from



*7°3\l Anno fecundo & tertio Ann-®, c.14.	51

was laden of put on board from fome part of England, Wales, or England, &c. Berwick upon Tweedy and when and where the fame was fo put on board, and that no drawback or allowance, or debenture for ^ccxpo^ the fame, hath to his knowledge or belief been had or obtained tion, &c. upon the exportation or carrying out of the faid fait, or any part Penalty, thereof, or is intended to be had or obtained on account of fuch exportation, upon pain of forfeiting fuch fifh that (hall be imported, brought in, or landed contrary to the intent and meaning hereof, and double the value thereof, to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof.

XIV.	Provided, That nothing in this a<ft fhall extend to Newfound-

prohibit the importing and landing any codfifh, ling, or hake, land or Ife-which have been caught and cured at Newfoundland or Ifeland\ land	c**

fo as oath be firft made before the landing thereof by the owner cc^tc *

or proprietor of fuch fifh, or the matter of the vefTel, before the

officer for the faid duties in the port or place where fuch fifh

(hall be imported, brought in, or landed (who fhafl adminifter

the fame without fee or charge) that all the fifh fo imported

came from Newfoundland or Ifeland, and were caught and cured

there, and fo as the faid fifh be at the landing thereof, and be- Part of the

fore the fame be .removed from the fhore, tendered to the offi- tail of fuch fifh

cer of the port for the faid duties, to have part of the tail of p°^]rCUo°ff-

every fuch codfifh, ling, or hake cut off, that no allowance for lading the

liich fifh be obtained upon exportation; and the faid officer is fame before

hereby impowered and required to cut off part of the tail of all tender there-

fuch nfh on the importation thereof: and in cafe any fuch fifh	.

lhall be landed before the fame fhall be tendered to the officer,

to have part of the tail cut, as aforefaid, all the fifh, fo import- Ann*; c. i*.

ed and landed, fhall be forfeited, and double the value thereof, f for cod-

to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof; to wit,

one moiety thereof to the Queen, the other moiety thereof to $orth Sea.

him or them who fhall profecute or fue for the fame.

XV.	And whereas the proprietors, who have given fecurities at where fait is

their works or pits for the duty of fait or rock fait bought of them, do entred, and often fujfer damage by frauds committed in the exportation without thc^.lItie8(fe* their privity: for remedy whereof be it enatfed by the authority ^Jlafter-aforefaid. That where any fait or rock fait fhall, after the firft wardi be en-day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and four, be entred, tred for ex-and fecurity fhall be given for the duties, and certified to the portation by officer, according to the former laws relating to the duties on	the*

fait, no fuch fait or rock fait fhall afterwards be entred for ex- fecurity, portation by any perfon or perfons not bound in the fecurity till fecurity firft given, as aforefaid, until fuch perfon or perfons, fo export- ljiv?n thc ing fuch fait or rock fait, fhall give or find fufficient fecurity for &c* the duties thereof (which the officer for the faid duties at the

port where the fame is fo entred for exportation is hereby required to take) and the fame officer fhall deliver gratis, and without delay, a certificate of fuch new fecurity taken, and upon producing fuch certificate to the officer of the place where the duty of the faid fait was firft fecured to be paid, fuch firft fecurity (hall be difehareed.

E*	XVI. And



gz	Anno	fecundo & tertio Ann,#. C.14.	[*703.

Tenant pay- XVI. And whereas by feveral leafes, grants, or contracts, made ing their rent before the fixth day of November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety falt» ** three, certain rents payable in fait were referved, granted, or agreed much* as the t0 ^ P01* 014,1 °for for ^vers tends, tenements, or hereditaments; and duty comes it is evident that the impoftng the prefent duties on fait, fince the to.	making the faid leafes, grants, or contracts, doth in effefl increafe the

faid rents, and make them more burdenfome to the perfons liable thereunto ; it is therefore enadted and declared by the authority afore-faid. That when the owners, proprietors, and tenants of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo charged by any leafes, grants, or contrails, made before the time aforefaid, do from and after the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and three, pay or deliver any fuch rent in fait, the perfon or perfons, who (hall receive the fame, fhall be obliged by this ad to pay to him or them, who fhall make fuch payments of fait in kind, fo much money as the duty and duties paid or payable to her Majefty for the fame fait, by any ad or ads of parliament made fince the faid fixth day of November, one thoufand fix hundred ninety three, do amount unto. Ouemfey bay XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That it fait may be (hall and may be lawful, during the prefent war, to bring in !n>PtheCwsu*Ur bay of the produce of the ifland of Guernfey, upon paying no^t exceeding the fame, and no higher or other duty, than what is or fhall be 4000 bufhels laid upon fait made in England, and fo as the fame fait fo to be imported fhall be imported in the ports of Yarmouth in Norfolk, Portfmouth, Plymouth, and Falmouth, or anv of them, and fhall not exceed in the whole four thoufand bufnels in any one year, fo as due entry (according to law) be made of the fame, for which fait no drawback fhall be allowed upon the exportation thereof; any thing' in this prefent ad, or any other ad, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII. And whereas divers merchants, and other perfons, being fubjefis of this realm of England, do Jhip fait that hath paid the duty to her Majejly, to convey it to fome part of England, and the fame or pari thereof may be loft at fea, by violent orjlormy weather, or by being thrown over board for preferving mens lives, or the vejfel in which fuch fait is Jhipped, as aforefaid; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Salt loft at fea June, one thoufand feven hundred and four, in fuch cafe any

per annum.

No drawback allowed.

by ftormy weather, Sec. owners to the fame quantities fo loft, without paying duty.

This privilege extended by 8 Geo. 1. c.4.

‘merchant or perfon, pwner of the faid fait, fhall, upon proof buy mac*e (ty *bc oaths of two or more credible witnefles, whereof 4 the mafter or mate of the veflel to be one, before the juftices of the peace at the quarter feflions held for the county, riding, di-vifion, or town wherein he doth inhabit, in open court) of the lofs of fuch fak fo (hipped, and that the fame was not occafion-ed by any leakage of the (hip or veflel, or by any negligence or default of the mafter or mariners, receive from the laid feflions a certificate that fuch proof was made before them, and upon producing the faid certificate to any of the officers appointed to colled! the duties on fait, the faid officer or officers are hereby required to let fuch perfons buy the like quantity of fak, as is

exprefled



1703.} Anno fecundo & tertio Annas. c.15.	53

exprcffcd in the certificate to be loft. without paying to her Ma- f. n. to all jefty, her heirs or fucceffors, any duty or excile for the fame ; merchants in any thing in this aft or any other aft contained to the contrary *eHtrMl' notwithftanding.

XIX.	And whereas in the late violent forms, which happened in Two fliipg

the months of November and December, one thoujand /even hun- with fait drove dred and three, two vefjels laden with fait from Newcaftle to the j**to Holland Number, were by ftrefs of weather blown into Holland, and the	°*nd

majlers did there unlade ana fell the faid fait; be it therefore enaft- the fait there ed by the authority aforefaid. That upon proof made thereof, fold, proprie-upon the oath of two credible witnefies, the proprietor or pro- tor* entitled prietors of the faid fait (hall be intitled to the drawback upon draw* the fame, as if the faid fait had been entred for exportation into

parts beyond the feas; any thing in this or any former law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And whereas by an aft made in the firjl year of the reign of » Ann*, ftat.i. her prefent Majefty it is enafted, That no rock fait whatfoever Jhallc*

he refined or made into white fait in any place or places whatfoever, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, except in fuch places as are or JhaU be within ten miles diflance of the refipeftive pit or pits, from whence fuch rock fait Jhad be taken, or at Juch places as, on or before the tenth day of % Geo.». c. is. May, one tboufand feven hundred and two, Jhall have been ufed for the refining rock fait, under a penalty therein expreffed: and whereas Lawn MaHh in the county of Carmarthen hath been an ancient place ufed for making fait from fea water; and upon feyeral occafms rock fait is very ufeftu to Jlrengthen the brine in the faid work, when weakened by frefb water, or other accidents 5 but the proper ufe of the find fait work not being for the refining rock fait, it hath been doubted whether rock fait might be there ufed: for preventing fuch doubts for the future be it enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That rock fait may be fo ufed in the making fait from fea Rock fait may water in the fait works at Lawn Marfh aforefaid; any thing in be ufcd the faid aft or in any other law or ftatute to the contrary not-withftanding; fo as her Mfcjefty’s duties for all the fait proceed- fo a8*he du-ing as well from the faid rock fait, as from the fea water, be ties be paid, duly charged, anfwered, and paid to her Majefty’s ufe.

CAP. XV.

An act for the better and more regular paying and affigning the annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, payable to feveral bankers, and other patentees, or tbofe claiming under them.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth ixW.V'c.is* year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King William the Third (of glorious memory) intituled, An act for appropriating three thoufand feven hundred pounds weekly out of certain branches of excite, for publick ufes, and for making a provifion for the fervice of his Majefty’s houfhold and family, and his nectary occafions j it was amongtl other things Rafted, That

E3	in

Digitized by t^ooQle

lAnnee, ftat.i.

Ci /•

t Sc % Annas, C. J.

nW.

Anno fecundo & tertio Ann.®. C.15.	[1703*

m lieu and difcharge of certain perpetual annual payments, and of all arrears thereof granted by his late Majejly King Charles the Second to ike refpefiive patentees therein named, the hereditary revenue of excife, in the faid all mentioned, Jhould from and after the twenty fixth day December, one thoufand feven hundred and Jive, be and Jland charged for ever with the payment of annual fums after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for the principal fums mentioned in the faid refpefiive letters patent, to be iffiued and paid out of the faid revenue, by quarterly payments, out of the receipt of the Exchequer, by the officers of the fame, unto the refpefiive owners and proprietors of the fever a I annual fums, and to their heirs and affitgns for ever, without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had, and obtained in that behalf; the faid annual payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be fubiefi neverthelefs to be redeemed, on payment of a moiety of the principal fums mentioned in the faid refpefiive letters patent: and whereas by an afi of parliament made in the firjl year of the reign of her prefent Majejly, intituled, An a<5fc for the better fupport of her Majefty’s houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, it is (amongfl other things) tnafi-ed, That from and after the expiration of the term of five years therein mentioned, fo much money as, together with the faid payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, Jhould make up the fum of three'thoufand feven hundred pounds for every week, during her Majejly's life, Jhould and might be taken out of the faid hereditary duties of excife, and out of the duties of excife thereby granted for her Majejly*s life, and either or any of them; and the faid payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, being dedufiedout of the hereditary part thereof, the refidue of the faid three thoufand feven hundred pounds a week Jhould be applied and difpofed of to andfor the publick ufe and fervice: and whereas by an a fi of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An adl for granting an aid to her Majefty for carrying on the war, and other her Ma-jefty’s occafions, by felling annuities at feveral rgtes, and for fuen refpe&ive terms and eftates, as are therein mentioned; it u (amongfl other things) enafied. That from and after the five am twentieth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thoujana feven hundred and five, the faid full, clear, and entire weekly fum of three thoufand feven hundred pounds, out of all the monies arifing by the faid hereditary duties of excife, and by the faid duties of excife payable during her Majejly s life, and by every and any of them, according to the tencur and direfiion of the afi of parliament above recited in that behalf; and from and after her Majejly*s deceafe, then the like full, clear, entire, and weekly fum of three thoufand feven hundred pounds, of lawful Englifh money, out of all the monies to arife by the faid hereditary duties of excife, and every or any of them, from time to time for ever, Jhall be brought and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer; and that out of the monies of the faid hereditary duties of excife, arifing in or by Juch weekly payments at the Exchequer, as afore faid, the Jaid annual fums, after the rate of three pounds per cwatum per annum, preferibed by the faid afi, made in the parliament hoiam in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majejly

King

I7°3-l Anno fecundo & tertio Ann.®. C.15.	55

King "William the Third, /ball be fatisficd and paid, according to the Tb*fe annuities directions therein contained,	fubjeft to the power of redemption

therein mentioned, as by the jaid feveral ads, relation being thereunto gca * hady more at large may appear: now for the better and more regu- $ Geo. 1. c. 4* lar paving and aligning the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounas per centum per annumy be it enacted by the Queen's moft Auditor to excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the certify pcrfons lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent par- ,n**?e*to thc liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the that are^ati^ auditor of the receipt of her Majefty's Exchequer, for the time tied to annui-being, (hall with all convenient fpeed, fearch the books and ties at 31. per entries in his office, and from thence, or from the original let- ccnt* P*r ann* ters-patents, alignments, or other aflurances to him to be produced, (hall make a certificate to the lord high-treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury, for the time being, of the names of the feveral and refpeftive perfons that are or mall be then in-titled to the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum refpeftively, expreffing the principal fums due, and the annuities, after the rate aforefaid, payable to the faid owners or proprietors refpeftively.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Every perfon the faid refpeftive perfons (hall have one or more (landing war- to have a warrants, and orders (the faid orders to be made forth upon parch- rant for payment or Vellum, paying the ufual fees; and no more, which fees (hall not exceed one peny, for every twenty (hillings by the fees, year, or after that rate) for the payment of fuch annuity or annuities fo to be certified to be paid ttf them refpeftively, and to their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators and affigns, until the fame (hall be redeemed, as aforefaid, out of the monies of the faid weekly-payments, to arife by or from the faid hereditary duties of excife ; the faid payments of the faid annuities to be made Payments to

3uarterly; the firft payment to be made on the twenty-feventh be made quar-ay of Marchy which (hall be in the year of our Lord, one thou- lcrly* fand feven hundred and fix; which faid orders (hall be figned Orders to be by the treafurer and under-treafurer of the Exchequer, or any byfthc three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being; and after the figning the faid orders, and every of them, *	*

the lame (hall be firm, good, valid and effectual in law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this prefent aft, and (hall not be determined by or \2p0n the death or removal of any treafurer or under-treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiffioner or commiffioners of the treafury, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them ; nor (hall any lord high-treafurer of England, treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiffioners of the treafury, now or for the time being, have power to revoke, counter- Such orders mand or make void fuch orders fo figned, as aforefaid, or apy not to be mad# of them.	vold#

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon and perfons, that are or (hall be intitled to the faid annuities refpeftively,

E4	and

•*

Google

5$	Anno	fecundo	&	tertio	Ann^.	C.15.	[*703.

Annuities and bis, her and their refpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, or may be aflign- afligns, by writing under his, her or their hand and leal, or by ed or devifed, his, her or their laft will and teftament in writing, to aflign or deyife fuch annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, or any in-tereft therein, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and fo Mies not rev°- quoties-> and no fuch aflignment by deed to be revocable, lb as entry be made any entry or memorandum of fuch aflignment or will be made, thereof; ip books to be kept for that purpofe, in the faid office of the auditor of the receipt, within the fpace of three months after fuch aflignment or probate of the will; and that upon producing of fuch aflignment or will, or probate thereof, at the faid office of the auditor of the receipt, to be entred, as aforefaid, the party fo producing the fame, (hall bring therewith an affidavit taken before fome perfon authorized to take affidavits in caufes depending in any of the courts at IVeJiminfter, of the due execution of the (aid aflignment, or flgning, fealing and publilhing of the faid will, which affidavits (hall be feverally filed in the faid office ; which faid entry or memorandum, the officers in the laid receipt of the Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the affidavits, taking for the entring of every fuch aflignment or devife, and filing the faid affidavit, the fum of one Chilling, and no more: and in default of fuch aflignment or devife by deed or will, the annuity of fuch perfon or perfons (hall upon his death, go to his or her executors or adminiftrators. Annuities free IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, d*	That the faid annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges and

personal eftate impofitions whatfoever; and that all and every perfon and period not de- fons who (hall be intitled to any of the faid annuities, to be comprized in fuch order or orders to be figned, as aforefaid. after the flgning of the faid orders refpe&ively, (hall be pofleflea thereof as of a perfonal eftate, and the fame (hall not be de-feendable to the heir.

V. Provided always, That the officers in the receipt of her

Affidavit.

Affidavits to be filed*

Fee,

fcendable bpif*

perfon* Inti-fled to annul

Officers in the	„ ,

Exchequer to Majefty’s Exchequer, for the labour and pains of themfelves and take in the thqir clerks in the payment of the (aid annuities, (hall or may

jxmutl	(jn jjeu Qf tftc-ir feesj ta^e an(j recejvc aftcr the rate 0f two pCnCQ

in the pound, and no mor?, to be divided amongft them in fuch proportion as their lawful fees are to be divided; any thing in this, or the faid former ads, contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enafled. That fuch (landing warrants apd orders to be made, as aforefaid, of any ties in right of of the faid annuities, or any part thereof, wherein any perfon pMUrdllbofe Qn e^event^ day of March, in the year of our Lord, one of fuch amiui- thoufand fevep hundred and three, fhall be intitled ip the right ties, unlefs the of his wife, fhall be made out jointly in the names of fuch per-vrtete a party fon an(j his wife* and that no perfon or perfons intitled, as tot eajiigp- aforefa;d5 to any of the faid annuities, or any part thereof, in the right of his wife, (hall be capable to fell, or any ways to difppfe thereof, at any time during their coverture, without the free apd voluntary confent of his wife firft had and obtained.

teflifieq

mWf

Digitized by

Google

5*

1793*] Anop fccundo & tertia Ann#. q. i$,i 7.

teftificdby her being a party to (ugh affignment, and fignira and fealing the famej ^nd fuch perfon who (hall make oath of the due execution of fuch alignment, as above directed, (hall alfo make oath of the wife’s confent thereunto, before (pme perfon authorized to take affidavits, as aforefaid * and the affidavit to be filed in the faid auditor’s office.

VII.	Provided alfo. That where any perfon is or (hall be in- Divers annui-titled to many or divers of the faid annuities, and (hall be de- ties may be firous to have the fame comprehended in one order, upon figni- comprehend-fication thereof in writing, under the hand of fuch perfon, the aer\nAre-~ order (hall and may be drawn and figned accordingly, for feveral' duced into" annuities to be reduced into one yearly fum by one and the one yearly feme order; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary not- rum* withftanding.

CAP. XVI.

An *£t for the difeharge out of prilbn fiich infolvent debtors as (ball ferve , Ann« flxt.t.

or procure a perfon to ferve, in her Majefty’s fleet or army.	c.	»c.	*

Jultices orpeace, on petition of poor prifoners for debt, may fummon the ex r. creditors before them, and alio the gaoler. Prifoner to take an oath.

Creditor to (hew caufi? why prilbner (hould not be difeharged. In cafe . priioner be detained, creditor to allow hint *d. per day, and If no eftate appear in three months, juftites may difebarge the perfon of prifoner, but the debt not thereby difeharged, and judgment againft prifoner'a lands. &c. to (land good. Perfons difeharged, and again arretted, on (hewing a duplicate o£ their difeharge (hall again be difeharged. Perfon pf prifoner for ever free. Penalty 09 flienff, Sec. difobeying jnftice*, fummons. Prifoners before difeharge (hall declare on oath what effe&s or debts are belonging to them. A fchedule thereof to be made. Creditors may fue for fuch debts in prifoner’* name. Perfons difeharged, freed from chamber rent and gaoler's flees. Sec. Prifoners wearing apparel, tools in trade, Sec. not liable to attachment No perfon to be difeharged who is indebted more than tool, to one perfon: nor from bin ixnpnfonment, uniefs he lilt bimfelf in the Queen's fervice, or procure one in his dead. Penalty on perfons convi&efi of wilful perjury.

CAP. XVII.

An a8 for the letter charging feveral accountants with in-tereft monies by them received and to be received.

TX7H E R E AS by an alt. of the twelfth year of the reign of bis 1* W. 3. c/ti. VV late majejly King William the. Third, for granting to bis EXP. JidajeJly feveral duties upon low wines, or.fpirits of the JirJl extraction* and for continuing feveral duties therein mentioned, provifion is made, that the refpeClive treafurers of the navy, and paymajlers of the land forces, and the officers in the fubordinate. offices therein mentioned*

Jhould he chargeable with the intereft monies by them or their agents, refpeflively received upon tallies and. orders for monies imprejted to. them fever ally, during the^ late war againjl France, or at any time before the making of the faid all, in the manner and formy thereby pre-, ferihed; and that every fuch charge Jhould be examined by the entries (2nd vouchers in the receipt of the Exchequer, before the refpetlive account or accounts of the faid treafurers, paymajlers, or other Officers fhould be declared\ and by an all of the firjl year of her Majejlys reign, intituled, An ad for making good deficiencies, A and for preferving the publick credit, it was enalled* That the c#9 * 9

refpetlive

5#	Anno	fecundo	& tertio Ann.®, c. iS. [1703*

refpeftive accounts of any the faid treafurers, paymafters, or other officers, of the monies by them received for the Jervice of the Jaid navy, forces, and for fervices in the faid fubordinate offices, Jhould and might be declared and finijhed, according to the ancient ufage and methods of the Exchequer, fo as before the declaring of the loft accounts of the monies by them fever ally received, as aforefaid, for the faid refpeftive fervices, all the faid intereft monies be duly examined and charged, as the faid former afl directed, as by the faid feveral afis may more fully appear: and whereas it appears, that the auditor of the faid receipt of Exchequer doth or can charge accountants, as aforefaid, with intereft monies by them or their agents received, upon tallies or orders that are fatisfied and difeharged in the faid receipt; but it is difficult to charge fitch accountants with intereft money upon fitch of the faid tallies or orders, as are )landing out and unfatisfiedy and it is utterly impoffible for him to charge upon fuch accountants the intereft hereafter to be paid upon any fuch unfatisfied tallies and orders, until the principal thereupon comes in courfe of payment, and the faid tallies and ordersj be brought to the faid receipt to be difeharged-, and it will be a great detriment to her Majefty's fervice, in cafe the final accounts of the faid refpeftive treafurers, paymafters, and other fubordinate officers (which contain large fums of money, and may have many Supers depending thereupon) Jhould be deferred until all the faid orders and tallies be fully difeharged ; To obviate which mi (chief, be it ena&ed, &c.

Auditor to proceed in examining the feveral intereft accounts purfuant to the a& 1 a Sc 13 W. 3. c. ti. ana furcharge the intereft monies omitted. Lord treafurer. See. on fuch charge may proceed in finUhing the accounts of the treafurers and paymafters of the navy, forces, See. Auditor to examine the accountant's intereft accounts, and certify the funis which ought to be furcharged for intereft money. Certificate a legal charge a-gamft fuch accountant. In cafe it appears that intereft money charged on accountant was paid over to creditor, See. accountant to be allowed for io much. Salaries of the army corami flioners to be made without account.

CAP. XVIII.

An all for the further explanation and regulation of privilege of parliament in relation to per fans in publick offices.

^	\T7HEREAS	it	is moft juft and reafonable, that perfons

V V employed in offices and places of publick truft, Jhould at all times be accountable for any mifdemeanors therein, and the publick juflice of the realm requiretb a vigorous trofecution of fuch offenders: To the end therefore that your Majefty’s good ftibje&s may not lie under any doubts or difeouragements, whereby fuch ^ profecutions might be prevented or delayed; may it pleale your moft excellent Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enabled by the Queen's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the A&ioamay be authority of the fame, That any aAion or fuit (hall and may profecuted a- be commenced and profecuted in any of her Majefty’s courts at tferof the re- Weflminfter, againft any officer or perfon intruded or imployed venue, or any in the revenue of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, or

any

I703*l Anno fecundo & tertio Ann^. c. 19,20.	59

any part or branch thereof, or any other office or place of other place of publick truft, for any forfeiture, mifdemeanor, or breach of publick truft, truft, of, in, or relating to fuch office or place of truft, or any *or penalty impofed bylaw to enforce the due execution thereof; No^cha6Hon and that no fuch action, fuit, or any other procefs, proceeding, to be ltayed on judgment, or execution thereupon, although fuch officer or pretence of perion (hall be a peer of this realm, or lord of parliament, or privilege of one of the knights, citizens, or burgeffes of the houfe Df parliament, commons, or otherwife intitled to the privilege of parliament,

(hall be impeached, ftayed, or delayed by or under colour or pretence of any privilege of parliament.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted by the Aft not to authority aforefaid, That nothing in this aft (hall extend to fubjeft the fubjeft the perfon of fuch officer, being a peer of this realm, ^ foprifon^ or lord of parliament, to be arretted or imprifoned; but that mentF all procefs (hall iffiie againft fuch officer or perfon, being a peer Nor member of this realm, or lord of parliament, as (hould have iffiied againft °f th« houfe of him out of the time of privilege: nor fhall extend to fubjeft conunons« the perfon of fuch officer, being a knight, citizen, or burgefs of the houfe of commons, to be arrefted or imprifoned, during the time of privilege of parliament; and that againft fuch officer, or other perfon, being a knight, citizen, or bureefs of the houfe of commons, intitled to privilege, (hall be ifiued fummons and diftrefs infinite, or original bill, fummons, attachment, and diftrefs infinite, which the faid refpeftive courts are hereby im-powered to iffiie in fuch cafe, until the party (hall appear upon fuch procefs according to the courfe of luch refpeftive court,

CAP. XIX.

An act for railing recruits for the land forces and marines, and for dif- EXP. penfing with part of the aft for the encouragement and increafe of (hipping and navigation* during the prefent war.

CAP. XX.

An act for punifhing mutiny, defertion, and falfe mutters, and for better ® X P. paying of the army and quarters, and for fatisfying divers arrears, and for a further continuance of the powers of the five commiffioners for the examining and determining the accounts of the army.

Officers or foldiers, who (hall mutiny or defert, to fufFer death. General to call courts martial for punifiling offenders. Court martial to confift of 13 commiffion officers. Officer or foldier not to be exempt from the ordinary procefs of law. Aft not to extend to the militia forces. Every officer at a court martial to take an oath. Nine officers to concur in giving fentence of death againft offender. No trial to be but between eight and one. Penalty on perfon making falfe certificate to excufe foldier from mufter. Penalty on officer making falfe mufter. Com-miffary to give notice of the mufter to the mayor, &c. mayor, &c. to be prefent at mufter. No mufter roll to be allowed, unleis ftgned by mayor, See. Penalty on perfon falfly muftered. Horfe rauftered not belonging to the troop forfeited, &c. Penalty on paymafter, See. detaining officers or foldiers pay, &c. officer to bring a certificate of men tick or abfent. Penalty on officer muftering fervants, &c. 31 Car. a. c. 1. Officers and foldiers may be Quartered in inns, livery (tables. See.

Penalty 011 quartering officers or foldiers in private houfes, &c. Juftices to fet rates for all neceffary provifions for foldiers in their march. Penal* ty on officer taking money to excufe the quartering of foldiers. No paymafttr, See. to deduft fees out of officers or foldiers pay, Sec. Offi-f	cer,

Digitized by

Google

fa

Anna fecundo & tcrtio Anna. c. 20.



CCCt on receipt of fiibfiilcnce money, to give notice thereof to innkeepers, Scc, who are to bring in their accounts. Rates alluwed for diet, See. for officers and foldier*. Officer to make up accounts before he leaves his quarters, Sec. All accoutrements of war (hall be bought in England. Mufter soils to be dofed the fame day as taken: one whereof to be returned to the pay mailer general, and another to the comptroller of the army accounts. Carnages to be provided for the forces m their march. Penalty on officer forcing waggon, See. to travel more than one day's journey, or forcing horles from the owners. Penalty on officer quartering" wives, children, See. of foidiers in houfes again ft content of owner. Penalty on civil officer fo doing, Penalty on officers or foldier deftroying the game without leave. Account or money due to every regiment m the Queen’s fervice, to be made up between the paymafter general and the colonel, Ac. and (o every four months. See• Colonel to account with his captains, &c. Penalty on perfons harbouring deferten, Stc. Inhabitants of Epfom, Sec. not liable to quarter foidiers.

XXXIV. And forafmuch as there is not any effectualprovifion made for the government of her Afajefty's land forces out of the realms of Officer or fol- England and Ireland;; be it further enabled and declared, That dier com- if any. officer os foldier in her Majefty’s army (hall, either upon fpooding with land oujt of England* or upon the fea, hold correfpondence with: Oft®*®** any rebel or enemy of her Majefty, or give them advice or in-CnCmifea, wigpnet,, either by letters, meflaiges, fign9, or tokens, or any

S	of’high manner of way whatlbover, or (ball tredt with fiich rebels or a, enemies, or enter into any condition with them, without her lyiajefty’s licence, or licence of the general, lieutenant general* OT chief commander, then every fuch perfon, fo offending, (hall, be deemed and adjuged to be guilty of high treafon, and fuffer (uch pains and penalties as in cafe of high treafon.

Officer or fol- XxXV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, dicr beyoAd That if any officer or foldier of her Mhjefty’s army, either upon lea raifing any lancj out Qf England* or upon the fea, fllall raife, or caufe to be reftftmghfs	anY	mutiny or fedition in the army, or (hall refufe to

officer, «cc. obey his (uperior officer, or (hall refill any officer in the execu-guiky of fek>- tion of his office, or (hall (trike, draw, or offer to draw, or lift ®y-	qp9 any weapon againft his fuperior officer, upon any pretence

whatsoever, all and every the perfon and perfons fo offending, in any of the matters before mentioned, (hall be adjudged and taken to be guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer as in cafes offelony; and every of their faid offences (hall be deemed to be felony, and (hall fuffer as in cafe of felony; and the offenders being thereof convicted, or being indi&ea or arraigned thereof, and (landing mute, or challenging peremptorily above the number of twenty returned to be of the jury, (hall fuffer death as in cafe 06 felony.

All treafons XXX v I. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ^ an<* evcry t^c treafons and felonies before mentioned, in the Queen's that (hall be committed, perpetrated, or done* may be inquired BenchatWeft- of* heard, and determined in her Majcfty’s court, copimonly luiqficr, Stc. called the Speeds Bench, by good and lawful men of the fame county where the faid court mall fit and be kept, or before fuch oommiffioners, and in fuch county of this realm, as (hall be aligned by the Queen’s majefty, and by good and lawful men of the lame county, In like manner and form, to all intents and

purpofes.



1703.3	Anno fecundo & tertio Ann.®. c. 20.	61

purpofes, as if the (aid treafon and felonies had been committed, perpetrated, and done within the feme county,

XXXVII.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing Tbii aft not therein contained, (hall not extend to abridge her Majefty’s bridge (he power of forming, making, and eftabJilhing articles of war, and cr erefting and commuting courts-martial, and inditing penalties, articles of ^ by (entence or judgment of the fame, in fuch manner as might war, &c. hare been done by her Majefty’s authority beyond the feas, in

the time of war, before the making of this aft.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Court martial (aid. That her Majefty may, from time to time, grant a com- may try of-miffion to fuch general, lieutenant general, or other officers, as fences com-afbrefeid, for the holding a court-martial within this realm, ih o“t oF which all officers and foldiers, who (hall at any time hereafter, befouled, during the continuance of this aft, commit any crime or offence

out of this realm, againft the rules, articles, or laws of war, and (hall not be tried for the feme by a court-martial, before their return into this realm, (hall and may be tried and proceeded a-gainft, and punilhed, according to the rules and articles of war afore-mentioned.

XXXIX.	Provided always. That if any officer or foldier fhall How officer* defert her Majefty’s fervice in any parts beyo.nd the feas, and feldiers de-fhall efcape or come into this realm or Ireland, before he be tried

by a court-martial for fuch offence, then, and as often as any beyond fiich cafe (hall happen, if it (hall alfo happen that the regiment, fea, (hail be troop, or company, to which fuch officer or foldier (hall belong, tried.

(hall continue in her Majefty’s fervice beyond the feas, it (hall and may be lawful, upon oath thereof made to any one of her Majefty’s juftices of the peace, where fuch offender (hall be taken, for fuch juftices of the peace to caufe fuch offender to be fent to the general court-martial in England or Ireland, who are hereby enabled, if they think fit, for example’s fake, to fend fuch offenders to the refpeftive regiment, troop, or company beyond the feas, to which the offender fhall belong, there to be proceeded againft according to the directions of this aft.

XL. Provided alfo. That if any perlbn or perfons (hall, in a Perfons ac-court-martial conftituted as aforefeid, be tried and acquitted, or com^martbtl Convifted of any of the crimes or offences herein before mention- not WblfproC-ed, fuch acquittal or conviction (hall be a full bar to any indift- ecuted again, ments or proceedings for the fame offence.

XLI. Provided always. That no attainder for any crime or No attainder offence made felony by this aft, (hall extend or be adjudged to to corrupt the make any corruption of blood to any heir of fuch offender, or b1ood of heir, to debar the wife of fuch offender of her title of dower.	&c*

XLIL Provided alfo. That if any peer of this realm (hall How a commit any of the offences aforefaid, in any parts beyond the 0f England feas, and (hall not have been there tried for the fame by martial (hall be tried law, and after his return into this realm (hall be indifted of any wyot-. offence hereby declared or enafted to be treafon of felony, that j^Cf thu then, and after fuch indiftment, he (hall Jiave his trial by his peers. In fuch like manner and form as hath been acouffomed.

XLIII. And

Digitized by v^.ooQle

64	Anno	tertio	&	quarto	Ank^e. C.1,2.	[1703.

Perfons indift- XLIII. And be it declared and enaftcd by the authority a-cd of treafon, forefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall here-after be accufed, indiftcd, or profecuted, for any thing made or the aflTw*.	by	this	aft, (hall be intided to the benefit of the

c# 7	0aft of parliament made in the feventh year of the reign of his

late majefty King William the Third, intituled. An act for regulating trials in cafes of treafon and mifprifion of treafon.

Officers and foldiers of the marine regiments, See. fubjeft to the penalties. See. in this aft. Account of each regiment, garrifon. Sec. to be made up. Auditors to examine the fame, and tne accountant on oath. No account to be hereafter declared by the lord treafurer. See. until auditor certify the examination thereof. Refpit money may be applied as levy money. The debts owing in quarters by the invalids of Cnelfea hofpital, See. (hall be paid. Perfons reprieved from execution, in order to obtain their pardon. Sec. On fight of the Queen’s warrant, for palling fuch pardon, judge may direft the delivery of priToner, to be lifted in the Queen’s fervice. Pardon, when palled, to be inrolled. Sec. Aft, as to mutineers and deferters, Sec. to extend to the forces in Ireland. The pay of the io,coo men raifed for fea fervice to be cleared to 15 Dec. 1703. Accounts of the Englifh and Dutch trains of artillery to be examined, and debentures iflued out thereupon. Pay of the forces at New-York to be computed. Debentures to be iflued for payment. 1 Aim*, flat. 2. c. 20. continued until 30 June, 1704.

Anno Regni ANN	IE Regime tertio quarto.

AT	the parliament begun at Weftminfter the twentieth

day of Auguft, Anno Dom. 1702. in the firft year of the reign of our fovere lady Anne, by the grace of Cod, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. and from thence continued by • u	tbtinrol- feveral prorogations	and adjournments to the * four and

tbefoumenth twentieth day	of October, 1704. the	third feffion of

day ofMsuxb. this	prefent	parliament.

C A P. I.

EXP.	An act for granting an aid to her Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in

the year one thoufand feven hundred ana five. 4 s. in the pound.

CAP. II.

An act for raijing monies, by fale of feveral annuities, for carrying on the prefent war.

Mojl gracious Sovereign,

3 Anna?, TX^HEREAS by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the fe-c 3*	* * condyear of your Majejiys reign, intitule4, An act for grant-

ing an aid to her Majefty, for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, by felling annuities at feveral rates, and fo^ fuch refpeftive terms or eftates, as are therein mentioned, and by feveral other afts therein recited, provifion is made, That See 1 Geo. 1. from arid after the five and twentieth day of December, in the year ftat. u c. 1. cf our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and five, the full, clear, and ' **	tntire weekly fum of three thoufand feven hundred pounds out of aH

the

1703-] Anno tertio & quarto Ann.®. c. 2.	63

the monies arifing by the hereditary duties of excife, and by other duties of excife therein mentioned, payable during her Majeflys life, and from and after her Majefty's deceafe, then the like fully clear, and intire weekly fum of three thoufand feven hundred pounds, out of all the monies to arife by the faid hereditary duties of excife, from time to time for ever, Jball be brought and paid into the receipt of Exche-* quer every weeky in the manner and formy and under fuch penaltieSy at are thereby prefcribed: and it is thereby further enaftedy That out of the money of the faid hereditary duties of excifty arifing in or by fuch weekly payments at the Exchequer, as aforefaidy certain annual fums after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, therein men-tionedy Jhall be fatisfied and paidy and that out of the monies of the faid feveral branches of excifey arifing in or by the faid weekly pay-mentSy the feveral annuities to be purchafed in pursuance of the faid aft of the fecond year of your Majejiy’s reigny Jhould alfo be paid and fatisfied; and that all the reft and reftdue of the monies arifing by the faid weekly payments9 and which at the end of every year, reckoning s the firfl year to begin from the faid five and twentieth dayofDtctm- cf4. the Souths ber, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fivey Seacompany Jhould remainy after Satisfying or referving fufficient to fatisfy all the take in theft payments which Jhould be then incurred or grown due9 as well for and <**"****• upon the faid annual fumsy after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as alfo for and upon all the faid annuitiesrto be purchafed upon the aft loft mentionedy Jhould be applied and difpofed of to and for the publick ufe and fervicey and not otherwife: and whereas the faid annual fumsy after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, do amount in the whole to the yearly fum of thirty nine thoufand eight hundred fifty five poundSy fixteen JhillingSy and one half penny; and the annuities purchafed on the faid aft of the fecond year of your Ma-\eftys reigny for the faid term of ninety nine yearsy do amount in the whole to fixty feven thoufand nine hundred twenty four poundsy ten JhillingSy and fix pence half penny \ and the annuities purchafed feve-rally on the fame aft for Jingle lives y do amount in the whole to'twenty two thoufand three hundred and thirteen poundsy fix JhillingSy and eight pence \ and the annuities feverally purchafed on the fame aft for the lives of two perfonSy and the furvivor of themy do amount in the whole to ten thoufandfive hundred and twenty eight pounds \ and the feveral annuities purcnafed on the fame aft for the lives of three per-fonSy and the furvivors and furvivor of themy do amount in the whole to three thoufand nine hundred feventy nine poundsy thirteen JhillingSy and four pence j and the charges ofpaying the faid annuities do amount to the yearly fum of twelve hundred pounds •> Jo that there doth remain at this time undijpofedy of the money of the faid weeklypayments9 to be applied to the publick ufe and fervicey the yearly fum of forty fix thoufand five hundred ninety eight poundsy thirteen JhillingSy and five pencey or thereaboutSy befides the expectancies after the determination of the faid refpeftive efiateSy for one9 twoy and three lives: Now we your Majefty’s molt dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of England in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the money neceflary for carrying on the'prefent war, and other your Majefty’s molt prelEng occafions, by fuch ways and means as 6	arc



What (urns nay be advanced for jorchaferi.

Anno tcrtio & quarto Anna. c. 2.	[1703.

are mod eafy to ydur Majefty’s fubje&s, do chearfully and unanimoufly grant unto your Majefty a further aid, to arife by contributions for annuities, to be purchafed in the manner and Form herein after mentioned; and do humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted: and be it enacted by the Queen’s rnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and terhporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any porfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, to contribute, advance, and pay into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer, for her Maiefty’s ufe, at or before the refpedtive days and times in this adt limited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum ot eight hundred feventy (even thoufand nine hundred and thirty pounds, nineteen (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, for purchafing fuch feveral and relpedtive annuities as are herein after-mentioned (that is to fay) any fum and fums of money, not exceeding fix hundred and ninety thoufand pounds (part of the faid whole fum not exceeding eight hundred feventy feven thoufand nine hundred and thirty pounds, nineteen (hillings, and three pence halfpenny) for any annuity or annuities to be fbr99 years at paid during the full term of ninety nine years, to be reckoned from the faid five and twentieth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred' and five, at the rate of fifteen years purchafe; which rate doth amount to the fum of 6ne hundred and fifty pounds for every fuch annuity of terv pounds per annum, ana proportionably for any greater annuity; and the fame rate or confideration-money, for the faid full term of ninety nine years, is hereby appointed to be paid into the faid receipt at or before the rcfpe&ive days and times herein after-Times of pay- mentioned (that is to fay) one third part thereof on or before ®cnt*	the firft day of May, in tne year of our Lord one thoufand feven

hundred and five; one other third part thereof, on or before the four and twentieth day of June, in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundrea and five; and the remaining third part thereof on or before the nine and twentieth day of September, in the fame year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred' Afimiitsts (o *nd five: all which annuities fo to be purchafed for the faid full purcfaafed,not term of ninety nine years, (hall not exceed in the whole the fum to exceed cf forty fix thoufand pounds per annum, and (hall be paid and payable at the four mod ufual feafts in the year (that is to fay) the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled virgin Marjy the nativity of St. John Baptifly St. Michael the archangel, and the birth of oar Lord Chrift, by even and equal portions; the firft payment to be made at of upon the feaft of the annunciation of the blefied virgin Marjy which (hall be in the year of our Lord ene thoufand (even hundred and fix.

II.	And whereas the perfonsy who are or may be intitled to the refpeftive ejlates for life or lives, purchafed upon the faid aft of the Jecond year of your Majejlfs reign9 of Jome of themy ore or may be wiling and defirous (for Juch refpeftive prices or considerations’as are

herein

15 years pur-chafe, to be paid into the Exchequer.

46,000!. per

The firft payment *5 March, 1706.



65

1704.] Anno terrio & quarto Ann^. c. i.

birein after-mentioned) to have fucb their refpeflive eftates for lift or lives changed or converted into a certain term or terms for ninety nine yearSy to be computed from the faid five and twentieth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four, of and in fucb or tne like annuities as they have for life or lives9 as aforefaidi or that they, or fuch as they Jhall nominate hisy her9 or their executor/, adminiflratorSy and affigns refpeRively (for the like refpeftive prices or confutations) Jhauor may be inti tied tohave 9 receive 9 and enjoy the like annuity from and after the determination of his9 her9 or their efiate for life or lives9 as aforefaid9 for and during the refidue which jballbe then to come and unexpired of the faid term of ninety nine years left-mentioned; and in cafes where the prefent owner of any fucb annuity for life or lives is or may be unwilling (if any fuch be) to pur-cka/e a further or more certain eftate or interejl therein9 it is likely that fame other perfan or perfons is or may be deftrous to be admitted to pur chafe a future eft ate or interejl in fuch or the like annuity or an-nuities9 to take effect from and after the determination of the refpec-the eftate for one9 two9 or three lives in being9 and to continue for end during the then refidue and remainder of the faid term of ninety me years9 to be reckoned from the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and four9 which Jhall be then to come and unexpired:

III.	Now for the railing any further fum and fums of money* not exceeding one hundred eighty feven thoufand nine hundred and thirty pounds, nineteen (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, other part of the (aid fum not exceeding eight hundred feventy feven thoufand nine hundred and thirty pounds, nineteen (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, for the purpofes aforefaid; it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it IVbat to be done (hall and may be lawful to ana for any perfon or perfons, natives 'where an an-or foreigners, being as original contributors, or by mefne aflign- w'tyisnot de-roents, or by other lawful ways and means, intitled to any eftate timet for one life in being, of or in any annuity purchafed or obtained iGeo.i.ftat.*. upon the faid ad 0? the fecond year of your Majefty’s reign, to c. j6. f. 16. advance and pay into the receipt of your Majefty’s Exchequer, Original con-at or before the refpedive days and times in this ad limited in licdforone11* that behalf, fo much money as every or any fuch annuity, being \\ftt &c. computed for fix years, doth or (hall amount unto, either for may advance changing or converting the (aid eftate for a fingle life, into a f° much m°-certain term for the faid ninety nine years, to be computed from eveiV&annuity the laid five and twentieth day of Marchy one thoufand feven amounts unto hundred and four; or for the like annuity to be paid to him, for fix years her, or them, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and purchaie, for affigns, from and immediately after the determination of the faid ^cir^ft'ate for eftate for one life, during the then refidue of the faid ninety nine lone ijfCf &c#

!rears laft-mentioned, at the eledion of the purchafers refpedive- into a certain y; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon term for 99 or perfons, being, as aforefaid, intitled to any eftate for two ^r*!Jtcr thc lives now in being, of or in any annuity purchafed or obtained determination upon the faid ad of the fecond year of your Majefty’s reign, to of one life, advance and pay into the receipt of your Majefty’s Exchequer, during the Voi.. XI.	F	‘	at	refidue of ,9

years. See.

Digitized by

Google

66

Anno tertio & quarto Ann.®. c. 2.	[1704*

Two lives for at or ^e^orc refpeftive days and times in this aft limited in four years that behalf, for your Majefty’s ufe, fo much money as every or purchase, See. any fuch annuity, being computed for four years, doth or mall The like after amount unto, either for changing or converting the fame eftate nahon^o^two ^or two ^ves» *nt0 a certain term for the faid ninety nine years, lives, &c.	to be reckoned from the faid five and twentieth day of Marcby

one thoufand feven hundred and four, or for the like annuity, to be paid to him, her, or them, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, from and immediately after the determination of the faid eftate for two lives, during the then refidue of the term of ninety nine years laft-mentioned, at the eleftion of the purchafers refpeftively; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, being, as aforefaid, intitled to any eftate for three lives now in being, of or in any annuity purenafed or obtained upon the faid aft of the fecond year of your Majefty’s reign, at any time to advance and pay into the (aid receipt of your Majeft/s Exchequer, for your Ma-jefty’s ufe, at or before the refpeftive days and times in this aft limited in that behalf, fo much money as every or any fuch annuity, being computed for three years, doth or (hall amount Three lives at unto, either for changing or converting the fame eftate for three thrce. y?arI	lives into a certain term for ninety nine years, to be reckoned

pure ae.	from the laid five and twentieth day of Marcb> one thoufand

feven hundred and four, or for the like annuity to be paid to him, her, or them, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, from and immediately after the determination of the The like after faid eftate for three lives, during the then refidue of the term of ation?or i^ree n,nety n*ne years laft-mentioned, at the eleftion of the purchaf-lives! &c. rCC ers refpeftively; and it is hereby declared and appointed, That Consideration all the confideration monies to be paid after the refpeftive rates monies, &c. of fix years purchafe, four years purchafe, and three years pur-1? Pwld mt0	the feveral and refpeftive cafes before-mentioned, (hall

ie xc equer. ^ pay jnto t^e fey receipt 0f Exchequer, for your Majefty’s

ufe, at or before the refpeftive days and times herein after-limited (that is to fay) one third part thereof on or before the lad Times of pay- <*ay °f March in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun-ment.	dred and five; one other third part thereof on or before the

four and twentieth day of June> in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and five; and the remaining third part thereof on or before the nine and twentieth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and five; and a?datthefour t*ie ^ annu*r‘e8 f°r which the faid confideration monies (hall moftVual r be fo paid after the faid rates of fix years, four years, and three I'ealts, See. years purchafe, as aforefaid, (hall be alfo paid and payable at the Firft payment, four mod ufual feafts before-mentioned, by even and equal por-Hv^charf ed tlons>	Payment thereof to begin and to be made at fuch

fbr 99 years. °f the ^ feafts as next happen after the refpeftive times Quarterlypay- on which they are to take effeft, as aforefaid; neverthelefs in all maits thereon cafes where any eftate for life or lives (hall be, in purfuance of qu^er^pav- ^ a<^’ changed into a certain term for ninety nine years, as inents,reckon- aforefaid, for avoiding any double payments thereupon, the

quar-



1704-] Anno tertio & quarto Ann®, c.2.	67

quarterly payments, which (hall have been made on the faid ed on the eftate for life or lives, (hall be deemed and taken to difcharge tcrm °* 99 fo many of the quarterly payments, which might otherwife 'hen^uch e-be reckoned for the fame time, upon the faid certain term of ftates for life ninety nine years, and then fuch prefent eftate for life or to be extin-lives, (hall he underftood to be merged or extinguiflied in the £ulftied-faid terms of years relpe<ftively.

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted, That if any perfon or If one third perfons, being intitled to any eftate for one, two, or three derarionmo-lives in being, in any fuch prefent annuity or annuities, asney>&" blT" aforefaid, (hall not, on or before the faid laft day of Marcb> in notpaid before the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and five, ad- the laft of vance and pay into the faid receipt of Exchequer, one third part	l7£*9

at the lead of fuch refpeftive rate or confideration money, as isfon/&c.Pmay beforementioned, for changing his, her, or their eftate for purchafe. one, two, or three lives into a term certain, or for a future intereft, as aforefaid, that then and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, natives or foreigners (having or not having any property or intereft in fuch eftate for life or lives) at any time or times after the faid laft day of Marthy one thoufand feven hundred and five, and within the refpedtive days and times by this a£t limited in this behalf, to contribute, advance, and pay into the faid receipt of Exchequer, for the purpofes aforefaid, fuch re-fpe&ive rates or confideration monies, as are herein after appointed for purchafing of fuch annuities, to commence after the determination of the faid eftates for one, two, or three lives refpe&ively, hs are herein after exprefled (that is to fay) in Conditions of every or any cafe where any annuity was purchafed upon the purchafe for faid former a6k for one life only ftill in being, and the prefentone owner (hall have made no further payment for a future intereft, or certain term therein, according to this a<ft, any per-fion or perfons, as aforefaid, may contribute and pay the confideration money, after the rate of fix years purchafe for fuch or the like annuity, to be paid and payable to him, her, or them, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, from and immediately after the determination of every iuch eftate for a (ingle life ('which is to be named in every tallty for fuch purchafe money, and in the order thereupon) and to continue from thenceforth for and during all the reft and refidue, which (hall be then to come and unexpired, of and in the faid term of ninety nine years, to be reckoned from the faid five and twentieth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and four ; and in every or any cafe where any annuity was purchafed upon the faid former a<5t for two lives ftill in being, Two lives, and the prefent owner (hall have made no further payment for a future intereft, or a certain term therein, according to this a&, any perfon or perfons, as aforefaid, may contribute and pay the confideration-money, after the rate or four years purchafe for fuch or the like annuity, to be paid and payable to him, her, or them, his, her, and their executors, adminiftra-

F 2	tors.



Anno tertio & quarto Annas. C.2.	[*704.

tors, and affigns, from and immediately after the determination of every fuch eftate for two lives (which are to be named in every talley for fuch purchafe-money, and in the order thereupon) and to continue from thenceforth, for and during all the reft and refidue, which (hall be then to come and unexpired, of and in the faid term of ninety (line years, to be reckoned from the faid five and twentieth day of Marche one thoufand feven hundred and four: and in every or any cafe where any annuity Three lives, was purchafed upon the faid former adt for three lives (till in &c*	being, and the prefent owner thereof (hall have made no further

payment fora future intereft or a certain term therein, according to this ad, any perfon or perfons, as aforefaid, may contribute and pay the confideration-money, after the rate of three years purchafe, for fuch or the like annuity to be paid and payable to him, her, or them, his, her, or their executors, admi-niftrators, and aifigns, from and after the determination of every fuch eftate for three lives (which are to be named in every talley for fuch purchafe-money, and in the order thereupon) and to continue from thenceforth, for and during all the reft and refidue, which (hall be then to come and unexpired, of and in the faid term of ninety nine years, to be reckoned from the faid five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and four. And it is hereby declared and appointed. Confederation- That all the confideration-monies to be paid by the faid per-money to be fons, who may purchafe in default of thofe who have the prefent paid into the eftatcs for litc and lives>

as aforefaid, (hall be paid in the faid re* x equer. ceipt ^ Exchequer for your Majefty’s ule, after the faid laft day of Marche one thoufand feven hundred and five, and at or before the refpedfcive days and times herein after limited (that is to fay) Times of pay- one third part thereof on or before the firft day of Mayy in tne ment.	year 0f our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and five j one other

third part thereof on or before the four and twentieth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and five; and the remaining third part thereof on or before the nine and twentieth day Annuities	of September, one thoufand feven hundred and five ; and the

when payable, faid annuities fo to be purchafed by any perfons (in default of thofe who have the prefent eftates for lire or lives, as aforefaid) (hall alfo be paid and payable, at the four moft ufual feafts in the year before-mentioned, by even and equal portions ; the firft payment thereof to begin, and to be made at fuch of the faid feafts, as (hall next happen after the refpedtive times, from which fuch annuities are to commence or take effedt, as aforefaid.

V.	And it is hereby enadted, That in the offices of the auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells in the Exchequer, feverally there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which (hall be fairly entred the names of all who (hall be contributors, and of all perfons by whofe hands the faid contributors (hall pay in any of the faid fums upon this adt, and alfo the feveral fums fo paid, and the time when the fame are re-fpedtivcly paid* to which book it (hall be lawful for the refpec-

tive

Contributors names to be entred in the offices of the auditor and clerk of the pells.

1704.] Anno tertio & quarto Ahum. c.2.	69

five contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, Books to be from time to time, and at all feafonable times, to have refort, in<p?aed and to infped the fame without fee or reward.	Wlt out cc'

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, /yj annuities. That all and every the annuities whatfoever, which (hall be &c. to be paid any way purchafed upon, or in purfuance of, this prefent ad, out of the fhall be and are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid and Jj*y" payable out of, the overplus of the monies ariftng from time mcn * c% to time by the weekly payments of excife money afore-mentioned (that, is to fay) the money which (hall remain, from

time to time, over and above fo much as (hall be fufficient to

pay and fatisfy the monies, which (hall from time to time be

incurred and grown due, as well for and upon the faid annual

fums, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy as

for and upon all the faid annuities for lives or years, purchafed

upon the faid aft of the fecond year of your Majefty’s reign;

and fo much of the (aid overplus monies, as are and (hall be Overplus to

fufficient to (atisfy and difeharge all the annuities to be pur- difeharge the

chafed upon this ad, according to the purport and true mean- annuities, and

ing of the fame, are and (hall be appropriated and applied to oSerufe? n°

and for the fatisfying and difeharging of the fame accordingly,

and (hall be iffiied, difpofed, or applied to that ufe, and to no

other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Contributors That all and every contributor and contributors upon this ad, paying the duly paying the con(ideration of purchafe-money after the purchafe-ino-refpedive rates aforefaid, at or before the refpedive days and ?©y\he annu’i-times in this ad limited in that behalf, for any annuity or an- ties fo pur-nuities whatfoever, allowed to be purchafed by this ad, ac^- chafed, cording to the true meaning of the fame ad, or fuch as he,

ihe, or they, (hall appoint, his, her, or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by virtue of this ad, to have, receive, and enjoy the refpedive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed, out of the overplus monies ari(ing and to arife, as aforefaid, from the refpedive times on which fuch annuities are refpec-tively to commence, for and during fuch refpedive term of years, or remaining term of years, as are above-mentioned; and that all and have fare and every fuch purchafers, their executors, adminiftrators, and eftates therein, affigns refpedively, (hall have good and fure eftates and interefts in the feveral annuities fo by them to be purchafed, according to the nature of their refpedive purchafes, and the tenor and true meaning of this ad ; and that all annuities to be purchafed on from this ad for any term, eftate, or intereft whatfoever, (hall be free taxes 5 from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, and have tal. That every contributor upon any part of this ad for any of the lies for the annuities aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, faroe,

or affigns, upon payment of the confideration or purchafe-money for the fame, at the refpedive rate in this ad before appointed, or any part or proportion thereof, within the time or

F 3	times

and orders for payment.

No lord treafurer, &c. to revoke the feme.*

«L per cent, for prompt payment.

Contributors, &c. may af-fign or devife annuities and

Anno tertio & quarto Am#, c.2.	[1704.

times by this ad limited in that behalf, (hall immediately havd one or more talley or tallies levied, importing the receipt of fo much confideration-money as (hall be fo paid* for or in part of the faid refpedive fums to be raifed, as aforefaid, and according to the nature of his, her, or their payments refpedive-ly; and upon payment of all the purchafe-money for any fuch annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, at the rate by this ad appointed, every fuch contributor refpedively, his or her refpec-tive executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall have an order for payment of fuch annuity and annuities, for and during fiich refpedive term, eftate, or intereft, as he, (he, or they (hall or ought to have therein, as aforefaid ; which order fhall be figned by the treafurer and under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being ; and, after the figning thereof, the lame (hall be firm* good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this aft, and (hall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treafurer or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiflioner or com-miffioners of the treafury, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of tnem or any of them, nor (hall any lord high treafurer of England, treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiflioners of the treafury, now, or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fbch orders, fo figned as aforefaid, or any of them.

IX.	And for the encouragement of the contributors to advance and pay forthwith, into the receipt of Exchequer* the fums intended by them to be advanced upon any of the terms aforefaid, it is provided and enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch contributor, who being to pay his or her purchafe-money, or any part thereof, on or before the faid laft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and five, (hall pay the fame, or any part thereof, fooner than the faid laft day of March, (hall be paid out of the contribution-money arifing by this ad, after the rate of 'five pounds per centum per annum, for prompt payment of the money fo advanced, from the time of actual paying the fame, until the faid laft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and five; and every contributor on this ad, who being to pay his or her purchafe-money, or any part thereof, on or before the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and five, (hall pay the fame, or any part thereof, fooner than the faid firft day of May, (hall be paid out of the faid contribution-money the like rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for fuch prompt payment of the money fo advanced from the time of adual paying the fame, until the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and five.

X.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any contributor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or alfigns, at any time or times, having any prefent or future term, eftate, or Intereft, or any prefent eftate to take

effed

Digitized by ^ooQle

1704.] Anno tertio & quarto Ann.®. c. 2.	71

effect in futuro* of and in any annuity to be purchafed upon this ait, or of or in any part of fuch annuity, by any writing ties% under hand and feal, or by his or her lad will in writing, to affign or devife fuch annuity and annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and fo titles queries* and no fuch alignment to be revokable; fo as an entry or memorandum of fuch alignment or will be Entry of fuch made in books to be kept* for that purpofe m the faid office of alignments, the auditor of the receipt, within the fpace of two months after &c*to be fuch alignment, or death of the devifor j and that upon the on producing fuch aflignment, or will, or probate thereof, in the Affidavits to laid office of receipt, to be entred as aforefaid, the party fo pro- be filed., ducing the fame, (hall bring therewith an affidavit, taken be- In default of fore fome perfon authorized to take affidavits in caufes depend-	or

ing in anv of the courts at Wejiminfler, of the due execution ^reft 0f of the faia aflignment or will, which affidavits fhall be feverally contributor to filed in the faid office ; which faid entry or memorandum the go to his exe-proper officers, in the (aid receipt of the Exchequer, are hereby cuton> &c* required to make accordingly, and to hie the faid affidavits; and in default of fuch aflignment or devife, by deed or will, the intereft of fuch contributor (hall go to his or her executors or adminiftrators.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be Guardians lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofal of the may advance money of any infant under the age of one and twenty years, |5°*- fort!,e for the ufe and benefit of fuch infant, to advance and pay the ^tCto°ur”" fum of one hundred and fifty pounds, of the money of fuch chafe any an-infant, to purchafe any annuity upon this adt for the benefit of nuity on this fuch infant ; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid

fum of one hundred and fifty pounds fo advanced, is hereby difcharged.

XII.	And be it further enadted, for the better encouraging All receipts perfons to advance the faid feveral fums on this adt. That all a^di^ufs m receipts and ifliies, and all other things diredted by this adt tolucrtobe" be performed in the Exchequer, (hall be done ana performed done without by the officers there, without demanding or receiving, diredtly fee.

or indiredtly, any fee, gratuitv, or reward for the fame; and in cafe any of the officers ot the Exchequer fhall take or demand any fuch fee or reward, or fhall divert or mifapplv any of the (aid weekly fums to be paid into the receipt 01 Exchequer, or any part of the monies which (hould make good the payment of the faid annuities, or (hall pay or ifliie out of the fame, otherwife than according to the intent of this adt, or (hall not keep books and regifters, and make entries, and do and perform all other things, which by this adl they are required to perform, every fuch officer (hall forfeit his office, and Penalty, be for the future uncapable of any office or place of truft* and (hall anfwer and pay treble damages, with cofts of fuit, to every contributor or perfon who (hall be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjier, wherein

F 4	no

Digitized by *^.ooQle

7?	Anno	terrio&	quarto	Anna. c.2.	[1704.

no eflbin, prote&ion, privilege of parliament, or other privilege. Plaintiff on wager of law, injunction, or order t)f reftraint, or more than rceovcry to 0ne imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed ; and in the faid Jiave fu colts. a^jon tjie piajntiff upon recovery (hall have his full cofts, one third part of which fum, fo to be recovered for damages, (hall In cafe of faint be to the ufe of your Majefty, your heirs and fqcceuors; and proiecution, the other two third parts, with the cofts, (hall be to the ufe of contributor *be Pr°fecutor: and *n cafe there (hall be any collufion or Sic. may * faint profecution between the plaintiff and defendant in fuch bring another action, it (hall be lawful for any other contributor, his or her a#ion. executors, adminiftrators or afligns, to bring another action, whereiq he (hall recover as aforefaid, to the like ufes as afore-feid.

ffone to pur- XIII. Provided always. That no perfon or perfons whatfoever chafe any an- (hall or may purchafe or obtain any annuity upon this act, for PU,tth,l?d1^	the purchafe-money, or any part thereof, is hereby appoint-

part ofthe ec**° be paid on or before the faid laft day of March, one thoufand purchafe* mo- feven hundred and five, unlefs the whole, or one third part of the pey be paicj confideration-money for the fame, at fuch refpecSUve rates as m, the laft aforefaid, be advanced and paid into the faid receipt of Exche-1701 rCh# ^uer on before the faid laft day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and five; and that no per-fon or perfons whatfoever (hall or may purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to purchafe or obtain, any annuity upon this ad, for which the purchafe-money, or any part thereof, is hereby appointed to be paid on or before the (aid firft day of May, one or unlefs one thoufand feven hundred and five, unlefs the whole, or one third be paid third part of the confideration-money for the fame, at fuch bjjjy the firft refpe<tive rate, as aforefaid, be advanced and paid into the faid pf May, 1705. recejpt 0f Exchequer on or before the faid firft day of May* one thoufand feven hundred and five.

Contributor? advancing prie third part, and not paying the two other parts of thje confideratjon money within £ he tifnes li-

fuch money, fo paid in, to be forfeited. See.

XIV. Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor, as aforefaid, who (hall, on or before the refpective days by this ad appointed for his or her firft payment, have advanced one third part only of his or her purchafe-money, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or afligns do not advance and pay, into the receipt of Exchequer, one other third part of his or her confideration-money fo to he paid for fuch refpective annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, on or before the faid four and twentieth day ot June, one thoufand feven hundred and five; and the remaining third part thereof on or before the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and five ; then, and in every fuch cafe refpectively, no order (hall be drawn or figned for fuch refpective annuity, for which the confideration-monev (hall not be fully paid, as aforefaid ; but fo much of the conuderation-money, as (hall have been a&ually paid into the Exchequer for fuch refpective annuity, (hall be forfeited and loft to your Majefty, your heirs and fucceffors, and be applied, together with other the monies to be raifed by this act, for the purpofes aforefaid; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithftanding,

1704.] Anno tertio & quarto Annas. c.3,4.'	73

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That it (hall Allowances to and may be lawful to and for the lord treafurer, or commit-fioners of the treafury for the time being, out of any of the C(fr&8c^mp monies of the faid weekly payments, to reward the officers and 9 clerks in the Exchequer to £e imployed in the payment of the faid annuities, or any of them, for their labour, pains, and fer-vice therein refpeftively, in fuch proportions as to the faid lord treafurer, or commiifioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall feem meet and reafonable in that behalf; anything in this aft contained to the contrary'notwithftanding.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for g xP.

one year.

CAP. IV.

An ait for continuing duties upon low wines, and upon coffee, tea, chocolate,/pices, andpiftures, and upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and upon muflins •, and for granting new duties upon feveral of the faid commodities, and alfo upon callicoes, China ware, and drugs.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an a ft of parliament made and paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of four Majejly's late royal brother King William the Third (of glorious memory) intituled. An aft 1aW.3ur.11. for granting to his Majefty feveral duties upon low wines or fpirits of the firft extraction, and continuing feveral additional duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices, and pictures, and certain impofitions upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and the duty of fifteen per centum upon mufiins, and for improving the duties upon japanned and lacquered goods, and for continuing the coinage duty, for the feveral terms and purpofes therein mentioned, certain duties upon low wines, or fpirits of the firfl extra ftion, were granted for a term, to continue until the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand jeven hundred andfix; and certain 6 W. 3. c. 7. duties, which by an aft of the fixth year of his faid late Majejly's reign, had been impofed upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pajle, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and piftures, were by the faid aft of the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty's reign, enafted to be continued until the firjl day of May, one thoufand jeven hundred and fix; and by the fame aft certain duties or fums of money to be paid by every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and other trading perfons def-fribed in a former aft for licenfing hawkers and pedlars, and the powers for granting fuch licences, were enafted to be continued until 9 & to W. 3. the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and c* *7* fix ; and a duty upon muffins, after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, was likewife, by the faid aft of the twelfth year of his faid late Majejly's reign, enafted to be continued until the thirtieth day of September, on? thoufand feven hundred arid fix, as by the fame aft (relation being

thereunto



74

Anno tertio & quarto An*mb. c.4;	[1704;

thereunto had) tnay more fully appear : now we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal nibje<fts, the commons of England in parliament aflemblcd, as a further fupply for carrying on the prefcnt war, and other your Majefty’s moft neceffary and important occafions, have given and granted to your Majefty the ieveral and refpeCtive duties, and additional duties hereafter in this a (ft expreffcd, and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enaCted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That all and every fuch or the like duties for and upon all low wihes or fpirits of the firft extraction, as by the faid aCt of the twelfth year a^^une^i^io. ^is *atc Majefty’s reign werexontinued or granted until Continuedfrom the faid twenty fifth day of March9 one thoufand feven hundred June, 1710. and fix, (hall, by virtue of this a<ft, be further continued, and be jor^Syean by pajd ancj payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for |	and	upon all low wines and fpirits of the firft extraction, to be

*. 1. anajor	_  j l.. .....   ..	____________________

ever by 7 Annae, c. 7. f. 16.

Additional duties granted on low

The like on coffee, cocoa nuts, choco-

repealed by loGeo.i.c.io and new ones impefed on coffee, &c.

made or drawn by any diftiller, or other perfon making or drawing fpirits or ftrong waters for fale or exportation, with-in the kingdom of England, dominion of fVales9 or town of % c iiV.8.t# Berwtc* upon Tweed., from the four and twentieth day of March9 one thoufand feven hundred and fix, until the four an<J twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and t*n ; and that all and every fuch or the like feveral and refpeCtive duties 110 UnU ^or an<* uPon a^ co®cc» cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, Tbefe additions nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures, as by the laid

----,-j. aof the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign were, as

aforefaid, continued until the faid firft day of May9 one thoufand feven hundred and fix, (hall be continued and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures, which (hall be imported into the kingdom of England, dominion of Walei9 or town of .Berwick upon Tweed, at any time or times from and after the laft day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and before the faid four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven duties to be hundred and ten ; and that all ana every fuch and the like fe-paid by hawk- veral duties, impofitions, and fums of money to be paid by ers and ped- every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and fuch other perfons untifi"i*”. as are deferibed in one a<ft of the ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, for licenfing hawkers and pedlars, and all the powers for granting licences, and other powers, and all claufes, directions, allowances, penalties, forfeitures, articles, matters, and things therein contained, which, by the faid a<ft of the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, have continuance until the faid four and twentieth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and fix, (hall be continued, and be paid, and be praCtifed, obferved, and put in execution, by virtue of this aCt, from the three and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, until the faid four arid twentieth day of June9

one

6

1704.] Anno tertio & quarto Ann.®, c.4:	75

one thoufand feven hundred and ten; and that the fame or the Duties on like duty upon all muflins described in the faid aft of the twelfth	co

year of his faid late Majeftv’s reign, -after the rate of fifteen ^"uQc#d unt“ pounds for every one hundred pounds, of the true and real 7 value thereof to be determined by the grofs price upon fale by the candle, as by the fame ad hath continuance until the thir-tieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, fhall by virtue of this ad be continued, and be raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and iucceffors, for and upon all fuch muflins as (hall be imported or brought into this realm of England, dominion Of fVales, and town or port of Berwick upon Tweedy at any time or times from and after the nine and twentieth day of September 9 one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and before the (aid four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ten; the faid feveral and refpeftive duties, impofitions, and fums of money, for and upon all low wines or lpirits of the firft extrac- Forpiaares lion, and for and upon all coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa/" 8Gfeo* *• pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon cloves, mace, and piftures, and *t0* upon all hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and other perfons vied, deferibed as aforefaid, and for and upon all muflins, to be paid during the refpeftive times for which they are granted, or are to continue, by virtue of this aft, as aforefaid (over and above all other duties and impofitions whatsoever, already charged for or upon the fame commodities and perfons, or any of them refpeftively, by any other laws or ftatutes now in force) and to be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, and paid, and accounted for to the ufes and purpofes in this- aft exprefled, by fuch rules, ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch diftribution of the faid penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeft to fuch drawbacks, allowances, and repayments, and in fuch manner and form in all refpefts, as the like duties, impofitions, and fums of money refpeftively granted or continued by the faid aft of the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, are thereby, or by any other law, whereunto the faid aft hath reference, prelcribed, enafted, or appointed to be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid, and accounted for during the continuance thereof refpeftively.

II. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That	thc

all fuch of the powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures,	rc~

claufes, matters, and things, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed by the faid afts of the fixth, ninth, and twelfth years of his faid late Majefty’s reign, or by any of them, or by any other aft now in force, whereunto the fame, or any of them, have or hath relation, for the better railing, levying, recovering, anfwer-ing, or paying the faid refpeftive duties thereby granted, or for makingany drawbacks, repayments, or allowances out of any of the faid feveral and refpeftive duties upon exportations, (hall be tevived and be continued, and be in force and virtue during the continuance of this aft, and further for the recovery of all the arrearages ai>d fums of money, which (hal| become due or

payable

76

Claufe of»W.

<e&. is. revived.

Penalty on pedlar letting out bis or her licence.

Anno tcrtio & quarto Annje. c. 4.*	[1704.

payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, upon this a£^ in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid powers, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, and every of them, were again repeated and re-enaCted in the body of tnis prefent a6t.

III.	And it is hereby enadted, That a certain claufe in an a& made in the fecond year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for the encouraging the di/tilling of brandy and fpirits from torn, ana for laying feveral duties on hnv wines or fpirits of the firft ext raft ton, relating to ftrong waters, brandy, Aaua vit*y and other excifeablc liquors brought from the i(lands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Sarky or Alderneyy and all the charges, duties, penalties, and every article and thing therein contained, which were revived by the faid a& of the twelfth year of his (aid late Majefty’s reign, and were to be of full force during the continuance thereof, (hall be further continued, and be of full force and virtue, during the continuance of this prefent a£t, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the (aid claufe was herein word for word repeated.

IV.	And whereas great abufes have been committed by feveral per-fons in lending or letting out to hire the licences by them taken out to trade as hawkersy pedlarsy or petty chapmen; be it enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and five, every per-fon, who being actually trading as an hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman (for which he or (he ought to have a licence, purfuant to this or the faid aCt of the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign) (hall not, upon demana, have his, her, or their licences ready to be produced, (hall be adjudged to forfeit, as if fuch perfon nad traded without any licence granted to him, her, or themj and fuch perfon in that cafe (hall and may be committed, and the forfeiture recovered and levied in fuch manner, as is directed by this or any of the former aCts for licenfing hawkers, pedlars, and petty cnapmen, in cafe of trading without licence: and that from and after the faid firft day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and five, in cafe any perfon (hall lend or let out to hire any licence to him or her granted, the perfon lending or letting out to hire fuch licence, and the perfon trading under colour of the fame, (hall either of them forfeit the fum of forty pounds, one moiety thereof to the Queen’s majefty, the other moiety thereof to any perfon that will inform or fue for the fame, to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record, and the perfon fo lending or letting out to hire fuch licence (hall alfo forfeit the fame.

V.	And for the increafing her Majefty’s revenues upon feme of the commodities before in this aCt charged (to wit) upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmeg*, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures, to be imported within or during the term herein after-mentioned; and to the end more money may be railed thereby for carrying on the faid war, and

other



77

1704.] Anno tertio & quarto Annjb. c. 4.

other her Majefty’s mod neceffary occafions, it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be anfwered Duties on cof-and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon fee» &c- c0”-all and all manner of coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, p“y $8a^rto tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pi&ures, which hundred ad-(hall be imported into the kingdom of England, dominion of ditional duty. Walts*, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, at any time or times loGeo.i.c.to. after the firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and «*Geo.i.c.z6. four, and before the four and twentieth day of June, one thou-(and feven hundred and ten, over and above all duties, and additional duties already payable for the fame, or any of them, by any other law now in force, and over and above the faid continued duties chargeable thereupon by this a<St, the new additional rates and Turns following \ that is to fay, for every hundred weight of coffee imported, as aforefaid, accounting one hundred and twelve pounds to the hundred, fix and fifty (hillings of lawful Englijb money; for every hundred weight of cocoa nuts imported, and containing as aforefaid, from any the plantations belonging to the crown of England, fix and fifty (hill-lings ; for every hundred weight of cocoa nuts imported, and Cocoi nuts containing as aforefaid, from any other country or place from whence they may by law be imported, four pounds and four p^nta^s*: (hillings of like lawful Englijb mopey; for every pound of choco- from any o-late ready made, and imported as aforefaid, one (hilling; for ther country every pound of cocoa pafte, imported as aforefaid, two (hillings; P*1 for every pound of tea, regularly imported as aforefaid, from chocolate im-whence the fame might lawfully have been imported before the ported nd. making of the faid a& of the fixth year of his faid late Majefty’s per lib. reign, one (hilling; for every pound of tea, imported as afore- Cocoa Pa**e (aid, from Holland, or any other country, not the place of its xea^s. per lib. growth, or ufual (hipping, two (hillings and fix pence, and fo Tea imported proportionably for any greater or leffer quantity of any the com- from Holland, modities imported as aforefaid, refpectively; for all nutmegs,&c* *8- 6J* cinnamon, cloves, and mace imported as aforefaid, five pounds ^tn|e^8 for every hundred pounds value thereof, according to the feveral cinnamon, values charged on them refpedtively in the book of rates, and doves, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity thereof; and	imP°rt-

for all pictures imported within the time aforefaid, whether for	***

private ufe, or fale (which are hereby permitted to be irrfported piaura *ol. during the continuance of this a<ft, any law or ufaee to the con- per cent, trary notwithftanding) twenty pounds of lawful Englijb money per untum of the value, to be affirmed by the oath of the importer, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity thereof.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That it (hall Provifo for and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to import into the importing kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick	£ca

upon Tweed, during the continuance of this a&, nutmegs, cin-	1

namon, cloves, mace, and tea, fubjedt to the feveral duties payable for the fame, from any parts beyond the Teas, in Englijb (hips, fo as the mafter, and at lead one moiety of the mariners, during the continuance of the prefent war, be Englijhmen; and

Repealed as to tea by 7 Geo. i. c.zi. f.iz.

Drawback allowed on exportation, &c.

See 7 Geo. x. flat, i.c.21. L if.

Additional duties on

Anno tertio & quarto Ann/e. c.4.	[1704-

fo as after the end of this war, and during the continuance of this a ft, the mafter and at leaft three fourths of the mariners be Englijh 5 and fo as notice be firft given to the commifiioners of her Majefty’s cuftoms, of the quality and quantity of the faid fpices and tea fo intended to be imported, and the place in which they intend to import the fame; and taking a licence under the hands of the commifiioners of the cuftoms for the time being, or any three'of them, for the lading and importing thereof, as aforeiaid; which licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any fee or reward, or any other charge to the perfon demanding the fame; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all the additional duties lad-mentioned, for and upon the faid coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and piftures, to be imported, from and after the faid firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and four, at any time or times before the faid four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and all arrearages thereof (over and above all other duties on the fame commodities refpeftively) (hall be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid, and accounted for, to the ufes and pur-pofes in this aft exprefled, by fuch rules, ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch diftribution of the faid penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeft to fuch drawbacks, allowances, and repayments to be made, of or out of the faid additional duties laft-mentioned refpeftively, upon the exportation of the faid commodities laft enumerated (coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts, for which other provifion is made oy this aft, ^nly excepted) or any of them refpeftively, as the like refpeftive duties, by virtue of the faid aft of the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, or by virtue of this prefent aft, or any other aft now in force relating thereunto, are to be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid, or accounted for, during the continuance thereof refpeftively; and upon the exportation of coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts, within the times limited by law, fo much as fhall have been paid for the fame, for fuch of the faid duties as are by this aft to commence from the faid firft day of February y one thoufand feven hundred and four, (hall be fepaid to the exporter, under fuch regulations as are preferibed by any former afts for drawbacks, in cafe of exportation of thofe commodities refpeftively.

VIII.	And her Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of England in parliament aflembled, being defirous by the moft reafonable ways and means to raife the monies necef-fary for carrying on the faid war, and other her Majefty’s important occafions, have for that end and purpofe alfo given and granted to her Majefty the further duties herein after mentioned : and be it enafted, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be anfwered and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all white

callicoes,

1704-] Anno tertio & quarto Annje. c.4.	79

callicoes, porcelan, commonly called China ware, and drugs (ex- white calli-cept drugs for dying) which from and after the firft day of Fe- |:oes» P°IXC* bruary, one thouiand feven hundred and four, and at any time or times before the (aid four and twentieth day of June, one Continued by 6 thoufand feven hundred and ten, are or ihall be imported into Anns, c.%%. the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Ber- f&jtjws, wick upon Tweed (over and above all other duties payable for ^^Ann." the fame at the cuftom houfe) the further rates and fums fol- c. 7. i. 16. lowing; that is to fay, for and upon all white callicoes (by which are meant, all callicoes which do not pay duties as mu(-lifis, and all dimities and other manufactures made of cotton) which within the times aforefaid ihall be imported, as aforefaid, a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds of lawful Englijh money Callicoes 151. for every hundred pounds of the true and real value of the faid percent, callicoes, to be afeertained upon the fale at the candle, as is herein after mentioned; and for and upon all porcelan, com- China wares moniy called China or Japan ware, made of earth, which within i*l. per cent, the times aforefaid are or ihall be imported as aforefaid, a duty after the rate of twelve pounds of like money for every hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, to be alfo afeertained by the fale at the candle, as is herein after mentioned5 and for and upon all drugs (dying drugs excepted) which are rated in Drugs (except the book of rates, and are or ihall be imported as aforefaiu, a dying drugs) duty after the rate of ten pounds of like money for every hun- *ol. percent, dred pounds worth thereof, according to the feveral values charged on them refpedively in the faid book of rates; and for and upon unrated drugs (dying drugs excepted) which are or Unrated fhall be imported within the days and times laft mentioned, a druSs +1- P*1* duty after the rate of four pounds of like money for every hun- cent* dred pounds of the true and real value thereof, to be afeertained as is herein after mentioned, and fo proportionately for any greater or lefler quantity of any the commodities laft mentioned refpedively: and it is hereby declared. That by unrated drugs, chargeable by this ad, are meant, all bark called clove bark, all Whatismeanf bark called jefuits bark, caUabaJha, cajfena,feechia, brugiata, grana by unrated germanica, gum mountiack, jefiamine ointment, lapis byacinthia, druSs» oil of anniteeds, oil of carraway-feeds, oil of cinnamon, oil of * cloves, oil of eopavia, or balfam of ctpovia, oil of juniper, oil of lignum rhodium, oil of peony, oil of faffafrafs, pomatum, yi/ tama-rifea, and all chymical falts, fnake root, terra dulcis, turpentine ox Germany, all chymical preparations, phyfical oils and medicinal drugs (excepting unrated drugs ufed for dying, and except coffee, tea, chocolate, cocoa pafte, and cocoa nuts.) And it is hereby alfo declared. That by fuch dying goods, as are by this ad, or any other ads, exempted from payment of the refpedive duties by this or the faid other ads granted, are meant the goods following (viz.) aqua-fortis, argoll, anotto, allum of all forts, ar~ chelia or Spanijb weed, cocheneal, cream of tartar, copperas of all forts, gum arabick, gum feneca, fticklack, cakelack, madder roots, or rubia tinftorum, faunders red, fal armoniack, fal gem, tumefole, verdigreafe, iiing giafs, platain, litharge of all forts.

Anno tercio & quarto Ann^. C.4,	[1704*

bayberries, antimony, pomegranate, pills arfenick, agarick, fen* na, gauls, indico of all forts, litmus, madder of all forts, orchall, fafflore, (humack, cajjumba, log wood, brazile wood, brazeletto wood, nickerago wood, fuikick, red wood, fapan wood, woad, weld, valonia grain or fcarlet powder, grain of /evil in berries, and grains of Portugal or Rota, Englijh berries from the plantations, French berries, and fait petre.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid duties hereby granted for and upon aD white cal-licoes imported, (hall be fecured, afcertained, valued, raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, and paid, according to the grofs price thereof, upon fale at the candle, by fuch ways and means, and fubjed to fuch of the like allowances, and unaer fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as the duties of fifteen per centum on muflins imported, by the faid ad of the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, are to be fecured* raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, or paid; and that the faid refpedive duties hereby granted, for and upon the faid China or and the duties japan ware, and for and upon all fuch of the faid unrated drugs, on^hm* w?re imported from the Eajl Indies, Pcrfia, China, or other parts with-dru«rr C *n ^m'ts of the charters granted to the Eajl India companies, (hall be fecured, afcertained, valued, raifed, levied, colleded, an-- fwered, and paid, according to the prices thereof, upon fale at the ^' candle, by fuch ways and means, and with fuch feveral and refpedive allowances, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as the duties of unrated goods from the Eajl Indies, China, or other parts within the limits of the charters granted to the Eaft India companies, are enaded, preferibed, or appointed to be fecured, afcertained, valued, raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, or paid, by an ad paffed in the fecond year of % Annas, c. 9. her Majefty’s reign, intituled, An all for granting to her Majtjly an additional fubfidy of tunnage and poundage for three years, and Jor laying a further duty upon French wines condemned as lawful prize, and for afeertaining the values of unrated goods imported from the Eaft Indies : and that the value of all fuch of the faid unrated drugs, as (hall be imported from any parts or places (other than the Eaft Indies, Perfia, China, and other parts within the limits of the charters aforefaid) according to which the faid duty of four per centum is to be paid, (hall be affirmed by the oaths of the importers of fuch drugs refpedively.

Importer to X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That pay the 4.1. per the faid duties of four per centum, by this ad impofed upon un-cc”t;®nun‘ rated drugs, imported from parts not within the limits of the n c rugs# charters granted to the faid Eajl India companies, (hall be paid by the refpedive importers of the fame upon the importation thereof.

Goods landed XI. And it is hereby enaded, That in cafe any of the faid before entry callicoes, China ware, rated or unrated drugs, hereby charged as forfeited. aforefaid, (hall be landed or put on fhore out of any (hip or veflel, before due entry be made thereof at the cuftom houfe in the port or place where the fame (hall be imported, and before

the

So

By 1 Geo. 1. Jut. a. c.41. f. 3. fenna is to pay duties.

How the duties on callicoes /hall be afcertained and paid $

i»W. 3.C.11.

1704.] Amo tertio & quarto Ann^b, C.4.'	Si

the (aid duties by this aft charged or chargeable thereupon (hall be fecured or paid, as this aft doth require in the refpeftive cafes aforefaid, or without a warrant for the landing or delivering the fame, firft figned by the commifiioners, collectors* or other proper officer or officers of the cuftoms refpectivelv, that all fuch imported callicoes, China wate* and drugs, as (hall be fo landed and put on (hore, or taken out of any (hip or veffel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the fame,

(hail be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized or recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof (to wit) two thirds of the fame to the ufe of her Majcfty, her heirs or fucceffors ((he or they bearing the charge of profecution) and the other third to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as will feize, inform, or fue for the fame, or the value thereof, by action, bill, fuir, or information, wherein no effoin, proteftion, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted and declared On exporta-by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any of the faid callicoes *“t£s to and China wares, upon which the faid further duties by this aft Tbefe^-weivt, granted are paid or fecurcd to be paid, as aforefaid, be again nint% andeigb. exported at any time or times within twelve months by Engtijhs teen months, an or within nine months by aliens; or if any of the faid rated or eniar&e/*t0 * unrated drugs, for which the faid further duties'by this aft^^ jm ftat. I# granted (hall be paid as aforefaid, be again exported by any c. *1. f. 10.* EngUJb merchants within eighteen months, or by aliens within

nine months, to be accounted from the refpeftive times of the entry of the faid goods inwards, and that due proof be firft made upon oath, that the faid callicoes, China wares, and drugs fo exported be the fame for which the faid duties are paid and fecured to be paid, as aforefaid, that then and in every fuch cafe (and not otherwife) the fame duties fo paid (hall, without any delay or reward, be wholly repaid out of any the duties on imported commodities by this aft granted, or the fecurity, for fuch of the faid duties as mall be fecured, (hall be vacated, as to fo much of the faid callicoes, China wares, and drugs, as (hall be fo exported ; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enafted. That all the duties Duties to be by this aft granted or continued (except the neceflary charges paid Into the for railing and managing the fame) (hall, from time to time, by Exche^ucr* the refpeftive receivers thereof, be brought into her Majeft/s

receipt of the Exchequer, for the purpofes in this aft mentioned.

XIV.	Provided neverthelefs, That whereas feveral doubts Wholefale have arifen touching traders in the woollen or linen tnanufac- ^decMned*10 tures, who trade by wholefale, and fet many thoufands of poo; pedlar*,

to work, and yet, for want of the convenience of water carriage, are obliged to fend their goods, when manufaftured, by horfes and otherwife to the publick markets, fairs, and other places; be it enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all perfons trading in the woollen or linen manufactures of this kingdom, and Telling the fame by wholefale, (hall not be deemed or taken to be hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen within this Vol. XL	Q	pr

Anno tertio & quarto Annas. c. 4.	[1704.

or any other ad, but that fuch perfon or 'perfons, and thofe that (hall fee immediately imployed under them to fell by wholefale only, may carry abroad, expofe, and fell the faid manufactures; any thing in tnis adl or any other adt or acts to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Provifo.	XV.	Provided	always,	and	it	is	hereby	declared.	That no

gpods or merchandizes imported or brought into any ports of England or JValesy before the faid firft day of February, one thou-fand feven hundred and four, and afterwards imported or brought into any other port or ports of this kingdom from the ports where tney fo firft arrived, (hall be liable to pay the new duties by this adt granted, to commence from the fame firft day of February; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof in any wi(e notwithftanding.

Claufeof loan XVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid^ not exceeding That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or per-7°°*°?°kat fon$> natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to lend 1* w.f*1.t0 ^cr Majefty, at the receipt of the Exchequer, upon credit of 'all the monies which (hall arife by the faid adt of the twelfth

Irear of his faid late Majefty’s reign, after fatisfadtion of all the oans, not exceeding three hundred thoufand pounds, made thereupon, and all the intereft' dut and to be due for the faid See 6 Atins, loans, and every of them, or referving fufficient to fatisfy the Geo*\. c. 7. fame> an<* uP°n credit of all the feveral duties upon low wines and f. 19.	'	fpirits	of	the firft extraction, coffee, tea, chocolate, cocoa, fpices,

and pictures, hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and muflins, by this adt continued, as aforefaid, and upon credit of the additional duties of coffee, tea, chocolate, cocoa, fpices, and pictures, by this adt granted, and of the new duties upon callicoes, China ware, and drugs, and upon credit of all other duties by this adt granted or continued; any fum or fums of money, not exceed-mg in the whole the fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds, at an intereft not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum.

XV It. And to the end all the money, that (hall be fo lent to her Majefty, may be well and fufficiently fecured and repaid with intereft, as aforefaid 5 be it further enadted by the authority Money fo be aforefaid. That all the monies arifing by the faid duties, upon paid into the which the faid loans are to be made (other than the neceflary Exchequer, charges of raifing and managing the faid duties) (hall be brought and paid from time to time weekly into the receipt of the Exchequer ; that is to fay, on Wednefday in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then the next day after that is not an A book to be holiday; and that there fhall be provided and kept in her Ma-kept for en- jefty’s Exchequer, that is to fay, in the office of the auditor of tring the the receipt, one boojk, in which all the faid monies, which (hall lame,	be pa*1(j jnto thc Exchequer, (hall be entred apart and diftindl

from all other monies paid or payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever.

Tallies of XVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, tried.'01* That from time to time upon making of fuch loans to be made

in

1704*] Anno tcrtio & quarto Ann,®, c.4.	83

in purfuance of this a&, as aforefaid, tallies of loan (hall be levied for all and every fum and fums of money fo to be lent; and that orders, according to the courfe of the Exchequer, (hall Orders for re* be drawn and (igned for repayment of the fame, and for pay- Pay™nt-xnent of fuch intereft, as aforefaid, for the forbearance thereof, the (aid intereft to be paid every three months, until fatisfadtion Intereft paid of the principal fum; and that all and every fuch order and or- every three ders, and the monies therein to be contained, or any part there-of, (hall be affignable and transferable without power of revo- ^ cation, fo as the alignments thereof be indorfed upon the re* fpedbve orders, and entred and notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt of Exchequer, in a book to be there kept for that purpofe; and that a diftmdt regifter (hall be kept in the faid A diftin# rereceipt of Exchequer of all the faid orders of repayment, not	b*

exceeding (even hundred thoufand pounds principal money, foyers of re-* which the faid orders (hall be regiftred in courfc, according to payment, the date of the tallies refpedlively, without any other preference Orders to be of one before another; and that every perfon (hall be paid in P**d in courft. courfe, as his order (hall ftand entred in fuch regifter book, out of the monies arifiiu; by the faid duties or payments, upon the credit whereof the (aid loans (hall be made, as aforefaid, which are hereby appropriated thereunto; and that no fee, reward, or n0 fee to be gratuity, diredUy or indiredtly, (hall be demanded or taken for taken for re-providing or making any fuch book or regifter, or for any view goring or or fearch in the fame, by any of her Majefty’s officers, their*carchcs-clerks or deputies, on pain of forfeiting treble damages to the penalty, party grieved, with treble cofts of fuit, to be recovered by adtion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at We ft min ftery by any perfon or perfons who will fue for the fame, wherein no elfoin, protection, wager of law, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, or more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed, either for demanding or taking any fuch fee or gratuity, or for giving any undue preference in point of regifby or payment, or lor diverting or mifapplying any of the monies or the faid duties, contrary to the true meaning of this adl.

XIX.	Provided always. That if it (hall happen that feveral of un(jue thofe tallies, and orders bear date, or be brought the fame day preference, to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, it (hall be interpreted no undue preference which of tbofe be entred firft.

XX.	Provided alfo, That it (hall not be interpreted any un^ due preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor direct, or the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders of perfons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to demand their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them; yet fo as that intereft of loan (hall in that cafe ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

[1704.	Anno	tcrtio	&	quarto Anna. c. 5.

CAP. V.

5Two	for granting to her Majtjly a further fubfidy on wines

M/ty>	and	merchandizes	imported.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

9 JT. 3. r.13. TI7 H E R E A S by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the Thu duty is Y V ninth year of the reign of your Majejly's late royal brother bylZTcr William the Third, of glorious memory, intituled. An adt for sGeo.i c.12. granting to'his Majefty a further fublidy of tunnage and pound-jGeo. 1. c. \ age, towards railing the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand * 5 Gep. 1. pounds, for the fervice of his Majefty’s houlhold, and other *of\he% ire- u^es» t^lere*n mentioned, during his Majefty’s life, it was enaft-gate f und.	*d, That over and above all fubfidies of tunnage and poundage, and

over and above all additional duties, impofittons, and other duties what-foever, therein mentioned, there Jhould be raifed and paid to his Ala-jejly one other fubfidy, called Tunnage, for and upon all wines, which from and after the lajl day of January, in the year of our Lord one thoufandfix hundred ninety nine, at any time or times during his Majejly's life, Jhould be imported or brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed ; and one further fubfidy, called Poundage, of all manner of goods and merchandizes imported or brought into this realm, or any his Ma~ jejly s dominions to the fame belonging, at any time or times after the faid lajl day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, during his Majejly's life, hy way of merchandize (except fiuch goods and merchandizes as are therein excepted) and with fuch abatements, regulations, dire Elions for making repayments or allowances upon exportation, and fiubjeft to fuch rules, and other matters and things touching the find feveral fubfidies, as in the faid at} are exprejfed \ which faid further fubfidies of tunnage and poundage, and other duties upon wine, goods, and merchandizes, granted by the aft above recited, are to be raifed and paid to your Majejly during your life, by virtue of another aft of parliament made and pajfed in the firjl year of your Majefty s reign, 1 Atm*, fiat. 1. intituled, Artadt for the better fupport of her Majefty’s houlhold, % Ann* c 9 anc*	honour	and	dignity of the crown : and by another aft

%	made and pajfed in the fecond year of your Majejly's reign, intituled.

An a dfc for granting to her Majefty an additional fubfidy of tunnage and poundage for three years, and for laying a further duty upon French wines condemned as lawful prize, and for af-certaining the values of unrated goods imported from the Eafi Indies, a further fubfidy of tunnage upon all wines, which were to be imported during the term therein mentioned (that is to fay) one third part of fuch or the like duties, as by the faid recited afts, or either of them, were impofed upon wines; and one other fubfidy of poundage of goods and merchandizes, which were to be imported during the term therein mentioned (that is to fay) one third part of fuch or the like See sGeo. x. feveral duties as by the faid recited afts, or either of them, are im-c. 3./. 3+. pofed upon the fame goods and merchandizes refpeftively (except os therein is excepted) are already granted to your Majejly, in the man• ner therein exprejfed, as by the faid feveral afts (relation being there-

unit

Digitized by GoogI

1704.] Anno tertio & quarto Ann.®, c.5.	85

unto fever ally had) may more fully appear: now wc your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of England in parliament aflembled, for the better enabling your Majefty to carry on the prefent war, and to defray your other neceffary expences, do cheerfully and unanimoufly give and grant untp your mod excellent Majefty the additional rates, duties, and fums of money, herein after mentioned, and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be ena&ed: and be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That over and above the fubfidies of tunnage and pound- Additional age above mentioned, and over and above all other fubfidies, duty of tun-additional duties, impofitions, and payments, whatfoever,	years,

any other ad or ads of parliament, or otherwife however al- 4 y ready due or payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majefty for or upon any wines, goods, or merchandizes whatfoever, imported or to be imported, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and fatisfied unto her Majefty, one other fubfidy, called Tunnage, for and upon all wines, which from and after the 911 ^ w'ncl eighth day of Marchy one thoufimd feven hundred and four, at iraP°rtcd-any time or times within or during the fpace of four years from thence next and immediately enfuing, (hall be imported or brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of fVales^ and town of Berwick upon Tweed., (that is to fay) two third parts of fuch or the like feveral and refpedive duties, as by the faid ad of the ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign were granted, and by the faid ad of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign are continued and payable for or upon any kind of wine or wines refpedively: and one other fubfidy, called Poundage, of all man- Additional ner of goods and merchandizes to be imported or brought into poundage, this realm, or any her Majefty’s dominions to the fame belong-^*11 Ge°'u ing, at any time or times after the faid eighth day of March, one ‘7’ thoufand feven hundred and four, during the faid term of four years, by way of merchandize (that is to fay) two third parts of fuch or the like feveral and refpedive duties, as by the faid ad of the ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign were granted, and by the laid ad of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign are continued and payable for or upon the fame goods and merchandizes refpedively; except tobacco, and fuch currans Except teas (hall be imported in Englijh built (hipping, navigated ac- bacco and cording to the laws now in force* and fugar from the Englijh fugarfromth# plantations, and fuch goods and other merchandizes as by the Englifli plan-two ads laft mentioned, or either of them, are exempted from tations. payment of the fubfidies thereby granted,

II. And it is hereby enaded, That in all cafes where by the DUfjcs how to faid two ads laft-mentioned, or either of them, any drawbacks be raifed and or abatements are to be made of the whole or any part of the levied, and /duties thereby impofed, there (hall be in the like cafes propor- drawbacks tionable drawbacks and abatements made of the whole or partpropor on of the duties by this ad granted refpedively \ and that the feve-

G3	ral

:ed by Google

86	Anno	tertio	& quarto Annje* c.5;	[1704^

Curransim- ral fubfidies and duties by this aft granted, during the continu-prtfdm'Vc. ance thereof, (hall be railed, collected, levied, fecured,and paid, Ipm&dfvr by the fame ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penally g Annae, ties and forfeitures, and fubjeft to fuch rules and directions, as c. 13. f. *1.	in and by the faid former acts, or any of them, are prcfcribed

or appointed touching or concerning the faid fubfidies of tun-A6b aforefaid naSc an<* poundage, which were thereby granted, as aforefaid; to be in force and that every article, rule, and claufe contained in the faid re-for levying the cited acts, or any of them, concerning the faid fubfidies of tun-duties hereby nagC anj poundage formerly granted, as aforefaid, and now in granted. force, fo far forth as the fame do or may relate to the fubfidies or duties formerly granted, as aforefaid, (hall be ufed, exercifed, and put in practice, for the railing, levying, collecting, and an-fwering the fubfidies and duties hereby before granted, as fully and effectually, as if the fame articles, rules, and claufes, and Exception, every of them, were again particularly and at large recited and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft; except only as to fuch of the faid articles, rules, and claufes, touching which o-ther provifions, alterations, or exemptions are made by any aft or acts of parliament now in being; which other proviuons, alterations, or exemptions (hall be obferved, with refpeft to the 1 duties hereby granted, during the continuance of this aft, in the fame manner as they are to be obferved with refpeft to die laid fubfidies formerly granted, as aforefaid.

P«na,ty t? * IH* And be it further enafted by the authority afore&id, fecfoVentrv8 That the officers of her Majefty’s cuftoms, or any of them, or &c.	any of their clerks or fubftitutes, lhall not directly or indireftly

receive, take, or demand any fee, gratuity, or reward whatfo-ever, from any her Majefiy’s fubjects or aliens for any entry, warrant, debenture, certificate, cocquet, or other matter or thing to be done or performed by them or any of them, in relation only to the faid fubfidies of tunnage and poundage herein before

Slanted, on pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence the fum of orty pounds (to wit) one third thereof to her Majefty, and the other two thirds thereof (befides cods of fuit) to the party grieved, who may fue for the fame by aftion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of her Majefty's courts of record at Wejlminjler^ wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

Trovifo.	JV.	Provided,	That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or be

conffrued to extend, to charge any goods or merchandize chargeable by this aft, imported in any port of England or Wales before the faid eighth day of March> one thoufand fovea hundred and four.

Aft not to af ^rov^e^ rtcverthelefs, and be it enacted by the authority left foreign * aforefaid. That the new of additional duties impofed by this aft, ftores fold for (hall not extend to affect fuch foreign (lores, as have been fold the ufe of the to the ufe of her Majefty's navy, by contraft with the navy navy*	board, before the five and twentieth day of December, one thou-

fand (even hundred and four, fo as a certificate be given from the coinmifiioners of the navy, that fuch foreignftores have been

Id

87

1704.] Anno tertio & quarto Annjb. c. 5.

Jo contra&ed for by them for her Majcfty’s fervice, as aforefaid; and fo as the importer of the fame do make oath before the commiflioners appointed to manage the cuftoms (which oath they are hereby impowered to adminifter) of the truth of the faid contradl, and that he will deliver the faid goods into her Adajefty’s {lores, purfuant to the contradt lb certified by the conumfiioners of the navy.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ciaufe of loan That all the monies, arifing by the faid fubfidy of tunnage and not to exceed poundage and other the duties hereby granted, as aforefaid (ex- 636,9571. *s. cept the neceiEury charges of railing and anfwering the fame) ob* fhall from time to time be brought and paid into the receipt of .her Majefty’s Exchequer; and that it thall and may be lawful to and tor any perfon and perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to lend to her Maiefty at the faid receipt, upon credit thereof, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fix hundred thirty fix thoufand nine hundred fifty feven pounds, four {hillings, and a halfpenny; and to have and receive, for the forbearance thereof, intereft af-ter the rate of fix pounds pir centum per annum, to be paid every a *pcr n three months from the making of fuch loans, until latisfadlion Monies lent of the principal fums refpe&ivcly; and that the monies fo to bt^ttobc tax~ lent Hull not be rated or afleffed to any tax or affeffinent what-foever; and that every fuch lender mall immediately have a Lenders to tallcy of loan ftruck for the money by him, her, or them lent, have tallies and an order of the fame date for repayment thereof, with fuch of loan, and intereft as aforefaid; and that all fuch orders {hall be regiftred in courfe, according to their dates, on a regifter to be kept by or^ers^be the auditor of the faid receipt for that purpofe; and all perfons regiftred and on the {aid regifter {hall be paid in courfe, as their orders (hall paid in courfe. (land regiftred, fo as the perfon, native or foreigner, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, whofe orders mall be firft regiftred, {hall be accounted me perfon to be firft paid out of the money to come in by this a&; and he or they, who {hall have his or their order or orders next entred, (hall be taken to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo in courfe; and that the monies to come in by the faid fubfidy of tunnage and poundage, and other the duties hereby granted, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfa&ion of the faid refpe&ive perfons, their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns fucceffively, without undue presence, preference of one before another, and not otherwife, and {hallF not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, directly or Nor to_ indire&ly, be demanded or taken of any or her Majefty’s fub- ^ntriw &c je&s for providing or making of any fuch books or regifters, or 1 any entries, views, or fearch in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof, as aforefaid, by any of her Majeft/s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment penalty on of treble damages to the party aggrieved by the party offending, officers or with treble colts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or de~ clerks offend^ wand any fuch fee 9r reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and inS"

G 4*	if

Anno tcitio & quarto Annje. e. 5.	{1704;

if any undue preference of one before another (hall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this a<ft, by any fuch onicer or officers, then the party offending (hall be liable, by a<5tion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with damages and cofts, to the party grieved, and (hall be for ever incapable of his place or office $ and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without dire&ion or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch action, debt, damages, and cofts, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his place or office; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not dired, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment, according to each peifon’s due place^and order, as afore directed, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedttve deputies and clerks herein offending, to be liable to fuch a&ion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid: all which laid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any of the officers of the Exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJiminJier, wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, (hall bean any wife granted or allowed.

What (hall not VII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it be accounted happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as a-forefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, then it fhall be interpreted no undue preference which of thofe be entred firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders of perfons that come and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatis-fy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the timo the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

IX.	And be it further enaCled, That all and every perfon and perfons, to whom any money (hall be due for loans by virtue of this ad, after order entred in the book of regifter, as aforefaid, his or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by indorfement of his order may aflign or transfer his right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof^ to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the faid book or regiftry (which the officers (hall upon reqqeft, without fee or charge, accordingly make) (hall Intitle fuch aflignee, his executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon i and fuch affignee may in like manner

undue preference.

be atfignei

7

d,

Orders rna]

, %' and aflignee

in ay afligu

again.



1704.3	Anno tertio & quarto Ann.*, c. 5.	89

ner affign again, and fo toties quoties, and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall makefuch alignments, to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Monies how all the monies which fhali be lent to her Majefty on the credit appropriated, of the faid fubfidies and duties by this aft granted, and all the monies which are or fhali be lent, contributed, or advanced to her Majefty, upon every or any other aft or a£ts of this feflion of parliament, for granting any aid or fupply to her Majefty for carrying on the prefent war, and other her Majefty’s neceffary and important occafions; and (b much of the feveral taxes and duties granted in this feflion of parliament for the purpofes a.-fbrefaid, and charged or chargeable with loans made or to be made thereupon, as (hall remain (oyer and above the monies thereof which are in the firft place to go and be applied in repayment and fatisfaftion of all the faid loans, made or to be made thereupon, or upon1 any of them, and the interefl thereof re-fpe&vely, and over and above the charges to be allowed for ntifiAg the faid tartes and duties refpeftively) (hall be appropriated, lflued, and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated for or towards the feveral ufes and pufpofes herein after cypreffed (that is to fay) for or towards the defraying the charges of the ordinary of her Majefty’s navy, and for viftuals, wages, weaf, tear, -and other fervices of the navy, and the vi&ualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for the fea fervice in the office of the ordnance, performed and to be performed, for or towards the fupplying of ordnance ftores for lea fervice,* and for and towards the making of a wharf and ftorehoufe at Portfi-mouth, and for paying the bounty or reward, which her Majefty fhali be pleafed to beftow, in confideration of the good fervice of thofe who were on board her Majefty’s fleet, or at Gibraltar, at the time of the late engagement in the Mediterranean Sea\ and for or towards the land fervices, performed and to be performed, by the faid office of the ordnance, and to and for fub-fiftence, off-reckonings, and clearings for one year, from the three and twentieth day of December, one thoufand (even hundred and four, to her Majefty’s guards and garrifons in England, and the dominions thereunto belonging (Ireland excepted) and the contingent charges of.the fame; ana for payment of invalids for the fail year, beginning from the faid three and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and four; and for or towards the defraying the charge of her Majefty’s army, and fuch forces as are pr fhali be added thereunto in the Low Countries, or Germany, within or for one year, to be reckoned from the faid three and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and four, and the contingent charges therer unto belonging; and for paying the bounty or reward which her Majefty (hall be pleafed to beftow, in confideration of the good fervices performed by her land forces in Germany, during fhe laft fummer; and for or towards the defraying her Majefty’s

part

Digitized by

Google

Anno teitio & quarto Ank«. c. $.	[1704.

part of the chaise of the forces acting or to ad in conjunction with the forces of the king of Portugal, until or at any time before the five and twentieth day of Deeember, one thoufand feven hundred and five; and for defraying extraordinary expences of the war in the year one thouiand feven hundred ami three, pur-fuant to the late treaty with Portugal; and for or towards the payment of her Majefty’s proportion of the fubfidies due upon treaties made, or to he made, with her Majefty’s allies, and cither charges for the fervice of war, for any time before, or until the (aid five and twentieth day of December, one thouiand feven hundred and five; and for or towards the recruiting the horfes of the Englijb horfe and dragoons loft at the battles of Scbelltmberg and Blenheim; and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the levy money, to recruit the men and horfes of the foreigners in the pay of her Majofty and of the States General of the united provinces of the Netherlands, which were loft in the lame battles; and for or towards difeharging of the Pra-ntiums, and other charges, for circulating the bills commonly called Exchequer Bills; and for or towards the charge of ^transportation of the land forces, performed and to be perfoiined; and for and towards the charge of railing and maintaining five thoufand additional forces, to enable her Majefty to fupply the like number of men to ad in conjunction with the forces of her Majefty’s allies, to ferve with the fleet; and for payment of a-nother year’s intereft, after the rate of five pounds per cent. for the unlatisfied debentures charged on the Irijh forfeitures ; and for or towards the Aims to be paid by her Majefty to the king of Prujfia, purfuant to the late treaty made with him for the fupport of the duke of Savoy; and to none other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XI.	Provided always. That out of the monies to be iflued to wards nvtin- Euar^s anc* garrifons, as aforefaid, there Hull and may be tenance of the taken and applied any fum not exceeding eighty feven thoufand foldiers railed one hundred twenty five pounds, ten (hillings, towards the for fea fcrvice. charge of maintaining the foldiers raifed and to be raifed for fea fervice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; and out of the monies to be iflued for the fervice of the navy and fea fervices, as aforefaid, there (hall be taken and applied fuch fums, as, together with the laid fum not exceeding eighty feven thoufand one hundred twenty five pounds and ten (hillings, fhall be necefiary for the charge of maintaining the faid foldiers for fea fervice, with their Officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftandmg. ss Car. 3.	XII. And whereas by the aits made in the twelfth and five and

* **•	twentieth years of the reign of bis late majefty King Charles the

2$ Car.». c. 7. gecond9 fa form# intituled, An ad for the encouraging and in-creafing of (hipping and navigation, and the latter, intituled, An This extended to ad for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafiland trade, copper' ore by and for the better fccuring the plantation trade, certain com-tGeo. i.c. 18. modifies therein enumerated, of the growth, production, or mamefac-

ture

Digitized by C^ooQle

I704<] Anno tertio & quarto Ann m.c.$. gi

ture of any »f	'titEnglifh	plantation in America* Afia, or Africa,

art	obliged to bo imported into this kingdom of England, dominion of

Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or to fomt other of the faid	plantation!, under the fecurities and penalties in the	alls parti-

cularly mentioned., to the end this kingdom might be made aftaple, cs^olinai* A-nat only of the commodities of theft plantationbut alfo of the com- merica, may ” modifies of ether countries, for fupplying * the making of be earned to tvhieh laws fetteral commodities, which art not in the faid ads par- my part of tutelarly	enumerated, fuchas rice and nulajfes, art produced and

made in the faid plantations,and carried to divers foreign markets pini in Europe, without being firft brought into this kingdom, dominion of 3Geo.a.c.str Wales, or town of Berwick upon T weed, contrary to the true intent f. *• and meaning of	the	aforefaidlaws, to the great prejudice of the trade

of this kingdom, and the leffening the correfpondentt and relation between this kingdom, and the aforefaid plantations : for the preven- From *9 Sept, tion whereof for the future, be it enafted by the authority afore-	and

faid. That from and after the nine and twentieth day of Sep- JJJJder the'lik* timber, one thoufand feven hundred and five, all rice add melafT- fecurities as es (hall be under like fecurities and penalties refrained to be other plants-imported into this kingdom, dominion of Wales, and town of tion goods, to Berwick aforefaid, as by the fore-recited ads, or either of them, is provided for the goods therein particularly enumerated.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in Cargo of die this ad contained, or any other ad of parliament palled this Hera Frigot feffions, fhall extend, or be confrued to extend, to charge the exempted cargo, or any of the goods or merchandizes in the fhip called ^JSes.

the Hern Frigot, William Morris mailer thereof (which came from the Weft Indies, and was chafed into Limerick ip Ireland by a French privateer, in the month of July laft, and was forced to lie there until lately, for want of a convoy, fo that (he could not arrive at Plymouth until the fixth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and four) with any of the new duties laid upon any of the faid goods and merchandizes, to commence from the firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and four; any thing in this, or in any other a<5t of parliament palled this feffion, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

XIV.	And whereas Raymond Roodey, late of the city of Chef-

ter, merchant, became indebted to his late majefy King William, of to compound glorious-memory,in feveral fums of money, for tufloms, impofitions with the fare-and other duties upon goods imported, and entred into feveral bonds t’e* to bis faid	Majefty, with fureties, for payment of toe fame: and mon ejr*

whereas the feud Raymond Roodey is fince dead, and his not vifible in England, and his fureties have failed iu their credit, and are not able to pay the full films for which they fo Jland refpeBively engaged, but may, by the ojfiftance of friends, pay fame part of the find debts to her Majefty, in cafe a compofition be made with them for the fame', be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord high treafurer, or com-miffioners of her Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, at any time before the five and twentieth



$1	'	Anno tertio & quarto Ann,®. C. 6.	[1704?

fieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fix* to make fuch compofition or agreement, as to him or them (hall feem reafonable, with the refpe<ftive fureties of the faid Raymond Roodey9 their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for fuch debts and on nay- as aforefaid; and, upon payment of the money fo compounded ment, mrcties for, to caufe the faid fureties, their heirs, executors, and admi-tobcdifoharg^nj^rators refpe6Hvcly, to be difcharged of and from the faid bonds; but that the faid Raymond Roodey, his heirs, executors* and adminiftrators, and every of them, (hall (land charged* and be liable to the payment of the money due upon the faid bonds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. VI.

Jin a8 for the better enabling her Majejly to grant the honor and manor of Wood flock, with the hundred of Woocton* to the duke of Marlborough and bis heirs, in confidera* tion of the eminent fervices by him performed to her Majejly and the publick.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the eminent and unparallelled fervices performed to your Majefty and the crown of England, by the moft noble John duke of Marlborough, are well knowny not only to your Majefty , and to all your fubjeSls9 but to all Europe, who will always remember, That the alliances which your Majejly's royal brother King William the Thirds of glorious memory, had in a little time before his death, contrasted by the minifiry of the faid duke of Marlborough, as bis Majejly's ambajfador extraordinary and plenipotentiary to the States General of the united provinces, for preferving the liberties of Europe, again ft the ambition of France, were immediately after your Majejly's happy accejfton to the throne, by the faid duke, then employed by your Majejly in the fame charaSler, confirmed and improved, and others were contrasted, whereby the confederacy, 'which bad been diffolved at the end of the lafi war, was re-united in a JlriSler and firmer league: and that in the firjl year of your Majejly's teign9 the faid duke of Marlborough did fo well execute the commif-fion and orders which he received from your Majejly, as captain general and commander in chief of your Majejly's forces, that he not only fecwred and extended the frontier of Holland, by taking the towns and fortreJTes of Venlo, Ruremond, Stevenfwaert, and Liege, but Toon obliged the enemy (who had been at the gates of Nimeghen) to feek Jhelter behind their lines ; and the next campaign, by taking Bon, Huy, and Limbourg, added all the country between the Rhine and the Maes to the conqueft of the preceding year{: and that in the memorable year, one thoufand feven hundred and four, when your Majejly was generoujfy pleafed to take the refolution of refining the empire from that immediate ruin, to which9 by the defeStion of the eleSfor of Bavaria, it was expofed9 the meafures9 which by your Majejly's ivifdom and goodntfs had been devifid and concerted, were pur fued by the faid duke with the utmofi diligence, fecrecy, and good con*

duSf,



93

iyo4.] Anno tertio & quarto Ann,®. C.6..

dufi, in hading the forces of your Majejiy, and your allies, by a long and difficult march, to the banks of the Danube, where the [aid duke did immediately upon his arrival, attack and force the Bavarians (ajfijled by the French) in their frong intrenebmetits at Schellen-berg, pajfed the Danube, diftrejjed the country of Bavaria, and a Jecond time fought the enemies, who had been reinforced by a royal army of the French Kings bejl troops, commanded by a marjhal of France ; and on the fecond day of Augud, one thoufand Jeven hundred and four*, after a bloody battle, at or near Blenheim (although the enemies had the advantages of number and Jituation) did gain as abfolute and glorious a victory, as is recorded in the hijlory of any age \ by which Bavaria being entirely reduced, Ratifbon, Aufbourg, Ulm, Memminghen, and other imperial towns recovered, the liberty of the diet and the.peace of the empire was rejlored, and Landau, Treves, and Traerbach, being taken, the war is carried into the dominions of France : and forajmuch as the happy atchievements cf the faid duke, having apparently tended not only to the honour and Jafety of your Majejiy, and your Jubiefts, and of their pjlerity, but uljo towards the future tranquility of Europe ; your Majejiy1 s mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of England in parliament ajfembled, thought themfelves obliged, in an humble addrefs to your Majejiy, not only to exprefs their great fenfe of the faid glorious victories, but alfo humbly to defire your Majejiy, that you would be gra-cioufly pleafed to confider ofjome proper means to perpetuate the memory af Juch ftgnal fervices: and your Majejiy having been thereupon pleafed to Jignify your intention to grant the interejl of the crown in the honor and manor of Woodftock and the hundred of Wootton, to the faid duke and his heirs; your Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of England in parliament aflembled, duly con-fidering the good and prudent provifion made by your Majefiy, by an a<d of parliament in the firft year of your reign, for pre-ferving the inheritance of feveral revenues of the crown, and believing that the fettlement of the faid horror, manor, and hundred, on the faid duke and his heirs, can make no precedent for cafes where there is or (hall be lefs merit, do mod humbly, cheerfully, and unanimoufly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it ena&ed by the Queen’s mod excellent majedy,. by and with the advice and coment of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

II. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Queen’s mod excellent majedy, by any letters patents under the great feal of England, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto the faid John duke of Marlborough, and his heirs and afligns for ever, or to any other perfon or perfons to the ufe of or in trud for the faid duke, his heirs and afligns for ever, all that the honor and manor of IFoodJlock, with the rights, members, and appurtenances thereof, fituate, lying, and being in the county of Oxon, and all that the hundred of JVootton, with the rights, members, and appurtenances thereof, in the faid county of Oxon, and all thofe the manors, or reputed manors of Hardley,

Wootton7

1 Ann*,flat. 1. c. 7.

Grant of the manor of Woodftock and hundred of Wootton, to the duke of Marlborough and his heirs.

Digitized by L^ooQle

Anno tertfo & quarto An*ms. c. 6•	[1704.

Wootton, OldWoodJlock, Hanborough, Stonesfield, Combe, and Bladon, with the advowfons of the rectories, vicarages, or churches of or Stonesfield, and all the rights, members, and appurtenances, to them or any of them belonging, in the county of Oxon afbrefaid; and all quit rents, rents of affize, chief rents, old rents, free rents, copyhold and cuftomary rents, rent works, and all other rents, and yearly fum and fums of money what-foever, to the faid honor, hundred, and manors, or reputed manors, every or any of them, belonging, or in any wile ap-Woodflock pertaining; and alfo all that demolilhed mefluage, court houfe, manor houfe. or toft, with the appurtenances, together with the fite thereof, now or formerly called Woodjlock manor houfe, fituate, lying, and being in the faid county of Oxon, within the park herein afiter-Woodftock mentioned; and all houfes, dove houfes, edifices, ftruAures, park.	buildings, barns, (tables, out houfes, orchards, gardens, yards,

backfides, court yards, and curtilages to the fime belonging or appertaining, containing by eftimation three acres, one rood, and fifteen perches, more or lefs ; and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground, with the appurtenances, commonly called or known by the name of JVoodjlock Parky lying and being in the faid county of Oxon, abutting upon Woodftock town on the eaft, upon Bladon parilh towards the fouth. Combe parilh on the weft, and upon Wootton parifh towards the north, containing in the whole by eftimation one thoufand feven hundred ninety three acres, and two roods, more or lefs ; and all that piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately Podghill. called or known by the name of rodghill, containing by eftimation three acres, and one rood, more or lefs; and aim all that o-ther piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances. Link Mill	now or lately7 called or known by the name of Little MU Mead,

Mead.	containing by eftimation two acres and one rood, more or lefs;

and all that piece or parcel of meadow ground, now or lately Great Mill called or known by the name of the Great MiUMead, contain-Mead. ing by eftimation four acres, two roods, and thirty feven perches, more or lefs ; and alfo all that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, now or lately called or known by the name of Middle Mead, the Middle Mead, containing by eftimation three acres and two roods, more or lefs ; and alfo all that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called Little Park	or known by the name of Little Park Mead, containing by efti-

Mead.	mation nine acres and thirty three perches, more or lefs; and

alfo all that other piece or parcel ot meadow ground, with the appurtenances now or lately called or known by the name of Tennis court Tennis Court Mead, containing by eftimation three acres, three Mead. roods, and nine perches, be the fame more or lefs ; and alfo all that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the ap-purterfances, now or lately called or known by the name of the Hopyard.	Hopyard, containing by eftimation, one acre, two roods, and

three perches, more or lefs; and alfo all that other piece or Flaggmore parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or Mead. lately called or known by the name of Flaggmore Mead, containing

Digitized by t^ooQle

95

i^04*] Anno tertio & quarto Anna. c. 6.

taining by eftimation fix acres, three roods, and twenty four perches, more or lcfs; and alfo all that parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called Mart Mm Mead, Mare Moore containing by eftimation nine acres, more or leTs ; and alfo all Mead, that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of Staun- Staunton ton Cuflom, containing by eftimation ten acres and one rood, Cuftora, more or left ; and alfo all that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of Soutbiey Cuftrn, containing by eftimation five Southley acres and two roods, more or left ; and alfo aU that other piece Cuflom. or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, to the lad-mentioned meadow adjoining, and now or lately called or known by the name of the HiU Ground', containing by eftima- Hill Ground, bon one rood, more or left; and alfo all that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of Combe Cuflom, contain- Combe ing by eftimation four acres more or left; and alfo all that Cuflom. other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of Bladon Bladon Cuflom, containing by eftimation one acre and three roods, Cuilom. more or left; and all that other piece or pared of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of Eight Acres, containing by eftimation eleven Eight Acres* acres, two roods, and twenty four perches, more or left ; and alfo all that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of Hanborough Cuflom, containing by eftimation four acres and two Hanborough roods, more or left; and all that other piece or parcel of mea- Cuflom. dow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of the Pit Mead, containing by eftimation Pit Mead, four acres and five perches, be the fame more or left; and alfo all that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of Borrow Borrow Mead. Mead, containing by eftimation eleven acres, one rood, and thirty perches, more or left; and alfo all that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of Thifllehaim, containing Thiftlehaim. by eftimation four acres, three roods, and four perches, more or left; and alfo all that piece and parcel of pafture ground, with the appurtenances, to the laft mentioned meadow adjoining, now or lately called or known by the name of Bailiff's Bailiff’s Tur-Turret, containing by eftimation two roods and fixteen perches, rett. more or lefs; and all that other piece or parcel of pafture ground, with the appurtenances, adjoining to the eaft fide of tiie laft-memioned piece of pafture ground, now or lately called or known by the name of Bailiff's Hook, containing by eftima- Bailiff's Hook, boi^ 0116 rood and ten perches, more or lefs ; and alto all that piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the name of Rujh Mead, con- Ruft Mead, taining by eftimation feventeen acres, one rood, and eight per-6	ches,

Digitized by

Google

Palace Mead.

Long Acre.

Combe Rayes.

Henfgrove

Lodge.

Straights

Lodge.

New Lodge.

Gorrell

Lodge.

Kings Woods.

Mill Wood.

Pinfly Wood.

Wool! Coppice.

Wootton

Wood.

Fendon

Wood.

Ambroffe

Coppice,

Anno tcrtio & quarto ABtUB. c.6.	[170^

dies, more or lefs ; and alfo all that piece or pared: of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or lately called or .known by the name of the Palace Mead, containing by eftimatkxi two acres, three roods, and nine perches, more or lefs : all which feveral pieces and parcels of meadow and pafture ground, before-mentioned, axle fituate, lying, and being within the walls of the faid park, in the faid county of Oxon : and alia all that other piece or parcel of meadow ground, with the appurtenances, now or 'lately called or known by the name of the Long Acre> lying and being without the faid park, within the parifh of Bladon aforefaid, containing by eftimatioa twenty four, acres, one rood and thirty perches, more or lefs ; and all tnat parcel of land lying in the parifh of Combe, in the faid county of Oxen, called by the name of Combe RayeSi which were purchafed by his late majefty King Charles the Second from feveral perfons, and do contain in the whole, by eftimation, threefcore acres, be the fame more or lefs ; and alfo all that mefluage, tenement, or lodge, with the appurtenances, now or lately called Hen/-grove Lodge, fituate and being in the (buth eaft part of the fakf park 5 and alfo all that other mefluage, tenement, or lodge, with the appurtenances, now or lately called Streights Lodge, fituate and being in the foutb weft part of the faid park; and alfo all that other mefluage, tenement, or lodge, with jthe appurtenances, now or lately called New Lodgey fituate and being on the weft part of the faid park; and alfo all that other mefiu-age, tenement, or lodge, with the appurtenances, now or lately called Gorrell Lodge, fituate and being on the north fide of tha faid park; and all thofe feveral woods and coppices, and the foil and ground of the fame, commonly called the Kings Woods$ within die faid honour and manor of Woodjiocky herein after-mentioned (that is to fay) all that wood and coppice, commonly called or known by the name of Mill Woody lying and being in the parifh of Hanboroughy in the faid, county of Oxony containing by eftimation feventcen acres and two roods, more or lefs; and all that wood and coppice commonly called or known by the name of PinJIy Woody alfo lying and being in the parifh ot Hanborough aforeiaid, containing by eftimation fourfeore and one acres, and two roods, more or lets ; and all that wood and coppice commonly called or known by the name of Wcoll Coppice y lying and being in the faid parifh of Hanboroughy containing by eftimation fixteen acres, more or lefs5 and all that wood and coppice, commonly called or known by the name of Wootton Woody lying and being in the parifh of Wootton% in the faid county of Oxony containing by eftimation fifty four acres and twenty perches, more or lefs j and all that wood and coppice called or known by the name of Fendon Woody lying and being within the faid parifh of Woottcny containing by eftimation feventeen acres and two roods, more or lefs ; and all that wood and coppice called and known by the name of Am-brofe Coppicey lying and being in the parifh of Stonesfieidy in the faid county of Oxony containing by eftimation one hundred

thirty



^704.3 Anno terrio & quarto AnfMze. C. 6.	9	JR

thirty nine acres, more or lets; and all her Majefty’s timber and trees, wood, and underwood wbatfoever, now Handing,

Crowing, -or being, or hereafter to Hand or grow, as weU with-* in or upon the teveral woods, coppices, and wood grounds ' before-mentioned, and every or any of them, as within or upon Woodftock the laid park, called Weeipock Park,and within or upon any Park, rf the wafte grounds belonging to the laid honor and manors, or within or upon any other of the premises fo to be granted, andevery or any of them reipeftivdy; and all and lingular her Majcfty’s mefluages, tenements, lands, woods, rents, mills, tolls, and hereditaments wbatfoever, fitoate, lying, being, or renewing within the laid park, cdlkd	Part, and in the

towns, villages, hamlets, partfhes, precinfts, or territories of OU	WetdfteO, Hardley, Weetten, Bladen, Hanborough, Combe,

and Stonfsfield,and every or any of them, or within the laid hundred of tVaatun inthe faid county of Oxen; and alio all and fingulor houfes, edifices, buildings, bams, ftablcs, orchards, gardens, yards, backfides, curtilages ; and alfo all courts leet.

Courts baron, hundred courts, and other courts whatsoever, fervices, ftanchMei, cuftotns, cuftom works, forfeitures, efeheats,	'

reliefs, herriots, fines, iflues, amerciaments,' perquifites and profits of the Add courts and leets, and every of them, goods and chatties of felons and fugitives, felons of themfelves, outlawed perfons, and of perfons put in exigent, waifs, eftrayst, deodands, heaths, moors, marifhes, ways, pafiages, lights, cafements, commons, ground ufed for common, waiter, walls grounds, riven, {beams, waters, watetcourfes, wears, dams* ranks, mill pooh, hawking, hunting, fiihing, fowling, right, royalties, jurieditions, liberties, privileges, immunities, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, pofleflioiu and hereditaments wbatfoever, with their and every of their appurtenances, of what nature or quality foever, to the feid honor,

-manors, park, woods, or other the premifles belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, or taken, as part, parcel, or member thereof, or which have' been ufually held, exerciled, or enjoyed therewith; or within the fame, or any part thereof and fuch other franchifes as her Majefty (hall think fit to grant by fuch letters patents, as aforeiaid, and the reverfion and re-▼erfions, remainder and remainders of all and Angular the premises, and of every or any part or pared thereof^ dependant or expeflant upon any former grant* demife, or leafe, grants, demifes, or leafes, made of the premifles, or of any of them4 and all the rents, iflues, and profits of the faid honor, manors, park, and other the premifles, and of every part and parcel thereof; and all the eft ate, right, title, intereil, property, claim; and demand whatfoever of her Majefty, of, into, or out of the fame r to have and to bold the faid hopor, hundred, manors, park, woods, and other the premifles fo to be granted, with their and every of their appurtenances, to the faid John duke of Mjrlbereugb,or fuch peribn or perfons as he (hall nominate, as aforefaid, his and their heirs and affigns for ever, to the only ' Vol. XI.	H	uie

Digitized by L,ooq le

To be holden of the Queen as of her Manor of Windsor in fee.

Grant confirmed.

i Amur, flat. i. c. f.

Salvo of right.

Queen may appoint com* miflioners under her great feal of Eng land, to treat with com mi f-Soners autho*

Anno tcrrio & quarto Ann-®, c.y. [*704-

ufe and behoof of, or in truft for, thefaid John dukeoftMarl* borough, his heirs and aftigns for ever, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, to be holden of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, as of her caftle of Windfory in free and common fockage by fealty, and rendring to her Majefty^ her heirs and fuccefiors* on the fecond day of Augufi in every yeaur forever, at the caftleof Windfor, one fbmdard or colours ^with three Flower ie Luces painted thereupon, for all < manner of rents, fervices, exadrions and demands whatfoever. -	>

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, .That

all and every the grants and ciaufes.to be contained in fuch Jcfrt tecs patents, as aforefaid, for the better conveying and afluring of the faid honor, hundred, manors, park, woods, and other the preqfiifles, to.or for the ufe or benefit of the /aid duke, his heirs, or affigpis, as aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby enacted to be good and effedlual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof, in the faid letters patents to be exprefied, not* withftanding any refbriftion, or other matter or things contained in the adt of parliament made in the firft year of her Msyefty’s reign, intituled. An ail for the better fupport of her Adajcpy’s boufhold*. and of the honour and dignity of the crown* and any other law or ftatute, or any mif-recital, non-recital, omiifion, or other defcdt in the (aid letters patents hereafter to be made, in any wife not withftanding.	><	*

IV.	Saving to ail and every perfon and per/ons, their heirs,

executors, and adminiftrators, and to all bodies politick and corporate, and their fucceflors (other than to the Queen's majefty, her heirs and fucceflors,) all fuch right, title, interefc right of common, offices, fees, privileges, properties, profits, and demands whatfoever, which they, or any of them have, or are intitled to have, of, into, within, or put of the faid hor nor, hundred, manors, park, woods, and other the premises* or any of them, or any part thereof, before the making of this adt, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and purpofes, as if this adt had not been made; this adt, or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	,

CAP. VII.

An all for the effeSual fecuring the kingdom of England from the apparent dangers that may arifefrom fcveral aB$ lately puffed in the parliament of Scotland

FOR preventing the many inconvenienclep which may fpeedily Happen to the two kingdoms of England and Scotland, if a nearer and more compleat union be not made between the faid kingdoms 5 be it enadted by the Qulen's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lojtfs fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fuch per-fons as (hall be nominated by her Majefty, under her great feal of England* or fuch and fo many of them as (hall in that behalf

Digitized by

Google

I7P40 Anna tertio& quarto Ann.®. c.p	99

half he appointed by her Majefty to be of the quorum, (hall, by riled by the force of this adl, have full power, commiflion and authority, at i^a™?nx °* iiich time and times, and in fuch place or places, as her Maje- bating ofa Ay (hall pleafe to appoint, to alienable and meet, and thereupon union between to treat and confult, according to the tenor or purport of their both king-authority of commiflion in that behalf, with certain commifli- doms* oners as (hall be authorized by authority of the parliament of 'Scotland* of and concerning fuch an unioh of the faid kingdoms of England and Scotland, and of and concerning fuch other ^matters, daufes and things, as upon mature deliberation of the gjreateft part of the laid commiflioners, aflembled as aforefaid, and the commiflioners to be authorized by the parliament of Scotland) according to the tenor or purport or their commiflions in that behalf, (hall in their wifdoms think convenient and ne-ceflary for the honour of her Majefty, and the common good of both the Cud kingdoms for ever: which commiflioners of Commiflion*: both the faid kingdoms, (hall, according to the tenor or pur- to reduce port of their faid authorities or commiflions in that behalf, ing^into^ri-reduce their doings and proceedings therein into writings or in- tings quadru-ftruments quadrupartite, every part to be fubferibed and fealed partite, by them, to the end that one part thereof may in all humble-nefc be prefented to the> Queen’s mod excellent majefty, two other parts thereof to be offered to the confideration of the

Earliament for the realm of England, and another part to e offered to the confideration of the parliament for the realm of Scotland, at their next feflions, which (hall be held in each kingdom refpedtively, after fuch writings.or inftru*-ments (hall be fubferibed and fealed by the faid comcrttflioners* that thereupon fuch further proceedings may be bad, as to her Majefty, and both the faid parliaments, (hall be thought fit and neceflary for the weal and common good of both the faid king*-dotns, to whom the entire confideration of the whole, and the allowing or difallowing the whole, or any part thereof, as they (hall think fit, is wholly referved.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That When fuch no fuch commiflion or authority, as aforefaid, (hall be granted, commiflion until an a& of parliament (hall be made in the kingdom of Scot- <w*-landy impowering her Majefty to grant a commiflion under the mcuce# great feal of that kingdom, nominating commiflioners to treat concerning the union of the two kingdoms.

III.	Provided aifo, and be it further enadted and declared. Nothing a-That no matter or thing to be treated of, agreed or propofed	l°

.by the laid commiflioners by virtue of this adt, fhaff have any forcetilfconi force or effect to be put in execution, until it be confirmed and firmed by aft eftabfifhed by adl of parliament of England.	of parliament

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Af«ri$De-That from and after the five and twentieth day of December, CCmber, 1705. one thoufand feven hundred and five, no perfon or perfons, no native of being a native or natives of the kingdom of Scotlandf (exceptSc°tland,ex-fuch as are now fettled inhabitants within the kingdom of Eng- ^\[ants to" land) or the dominions thereunto belonging, or (hall continue inherit\uJy

H 2	inhabitants	Und* in

Digitized by i^ooQie

ido	Anno	tertio	&	quarto	Anvje.	c.	7.	[ 1704.

England, fte. inhabitants thereof, and fifth as are now in fervice Tin bar Mii-tmt betaken jetty's fleet or army) thall be capable to inherit any lands, tehe-Se	ments or. hereditaments, within this kingdom of E'ng!<indj"<tp

Scotland be the dominions thereunto belonging, or to enjoy any bertent :6r fettled by par- advantage of a natural-bom fubjeCt of England; but every fuch. foment in the perfon (hall be from thenceforth adiadged and* taken as an al’fetf, wtheTuccef- *x>m out f^e al'eg'ance of the Queen bf	, until fiidl

fion to the " time as the fucceflion to the crown of Scotland be declared and crown of Eng-fettled by an a& of parliament in	,	m	the fame manner

land.	the fucceflion to the croWn of England's* nofr fettled by* adt df

parliament in England, in cafe of her Majefty’s demife without iflue of her body.

Nor be fup- V. And be it further enadted by the'authority aforefeh^ Io^jWarnu orany	or	perfons	whatfoever,	lhaH at any time

. from and after the twentieth day of February, one thohfhnd from England, feven hundred and four, until fuch time as the fucceflion r6 the crown of Scotland bn declared and fettled by an aft of parliament in Scotland, in like manner as afbrefaid, convey or fend, tk caufe to be conveyed or font from any parts or place m England or Inland, any horfes, arms or ammunition into the kirrgdoth Penalty. of Scotland, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and treble the value of foch horfes, arms or ammunition, one third part thereof to the Queen’s molt excellent majefly, her heirs and fuCceflors, and the other thiiil part thereof to him or them who will foe for the fame m any df her Majefty’s courts at Wefit by aftion of debt, foit, bill,

Elaint or information, wherein no efToin, protection or wagtr df iw (hall lie.

Scotchcattle VI. And be it further enafted by the authority afarefald, P°hibited to That from and after the faid five and twentieth day of into EneUtid one thoufand feven hundred and five, until fuch time as the or Ireland, fucceflion to the crown of Scotland be declared and fettled by ah aCt of parliament in Scotland, in like manner as aforefaid, nb great-cattle or (heep (hall be brought out of, or from the king-,	aom of Scotland, into the kingdom of England or Ireland, do-

minion of Walts, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the Pemdty* penalty of forfeiting all fuch great-cattle or (heep, to him or them who will feize or fue for the fame, and alfo the full value of fuch great cattle or (heep, one third part to the Queen’s mod excellent majefly, her heirs and fuccefiors, and the other two third ports thereof to him or them who will fue for the fame, to be recovered as aforefaid.

Lawful to VII. And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may hie toe and	lawful to and for any perfon and perfons whatfoever, to take

d*ta»«	and feize in any place or places whatfoever, the great-cattle dr

wbroog 1 **■ (heep brought, contrary to this adt, into this kingdom of England or Ireland, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and detain the fame, during the (pace of four days, in Come publick or convenient place where fuch feizure (hall be made; within which time, if the owner or owners, or any on his or their behalf, (hall make it appear unto fome juftice

of

Digitized by ooQle

I0|

1^4*3 Anno tertio & quarto Annjb. c. 7. ,

of the peace of the feme county where the fame frail be fo fcized, by the oath of two credible witnefics, (which oath the If id	ft ice of the peace is hereby required and impowered to ad-

mit) lfterj that the fame were not brought from Scotland after the

uid five and twentieth day of Decmbtr,one thoufand feven

hundred and five. Then the fame, upon the warrant of fuch jiiflicefrall be forthwith re-delivered.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Englijb or other Englilh-cattle cattle or freep, frail be with the privity or knowledge of the intermixtwit)> owner, or any perfon itnployed by him, driven or intermixed, Sc““h. “tt*e or caufe to be driven or intermixed with great-cattle or freep fubiedt to the brought out of or from Scotland* and (hall be feized with them, fuck like forfeiture, cattle and fljeep fp intermixed and feized, (hall be deemed Scotch-

cattle, and (hall be fubjedfc to the like forfeiture, and ordered and difpofed of In all refpeds a$ if they were brought out of or from Scotland* contrary to this adt: and if any perfon or peefons penalty on (hall wilfully and fraudulently confpire, confederate or agree perfons con-together, to avoid or evade the leisures or forfeitures upon the firing toa-bringing in of cattle in this adt particularly fpecified, and the fame	°r.cvadc

fliall put in execution,. then every fuch perfon and perfons be-iuc cizarcf' ing thereof indidted or prefented within one year, next after fuch offence by him or them committed, and being thereof lawfully convidted or attainted at any time hereafter, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and diftributed, as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons fued That if any adtion, bill, plaint, fuit or information, (hall be may plead the commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for general-iffne# any feizure or other thing done or made in purfuance or execution of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons (hall not be obliged

to give any more than a common-appearance, and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or forbear profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdidt pafs againft him in any fuch adlion, bill, plaint, fuit or information, as aforefaid, the defendants (hall have treble cofts, for which they (hall Treble cofts. have the like remedy as in any cafe where cofts by law are given to the defendant.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. After *5 De-That from and after the five and twentieth day of December, one cember,i705. thoufand feven hundred and five, until fuch time as the fuc- no

ceffion to the crown of Scotland be declared and fettled by an	int*

adt of parliament in Scotland, in like manner as aforefaid, no England or Scotch-*;oals (hall be imported out of the kingdom of Scotland Ireland, into the kingdoms of England or Ireland* dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the penalty of forfeiting the coals fb imported; one half to the Queen’s moft excellent majefty^ the other half to fudh perfon as fhall feize or fue for the fame.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Nor Scotch* t That from and after the faid five and twentieth day oiDecember* linen#

H 3	on©



102

The preceding /even claufes are repealed by 4Ao.c.3,f.io.

Cpromiffiont ncrs nof to treat of altering the liturgy or government of the church of England.

j$Car. a.c. 7.

Afrer 14. June, 1705. Irifh linen may be tranfported, andfent to the fcnglifh plantations .

This part of the aft conti-Geo. I.x. ii. f. 1., under the%

Anno tcrtio & quarto Anna', c. 8. [lyttyi

one thoufanc} feven hundred and five, until fuch time as the fuc-ceffion to the crown of Scotland be declared and fettled by ati ad of parliament in Scotland\ in like manner as aforefaid, n& Scotch-linen (hall be imported or brought out of Scotland into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, town of Berwick upon Tweed, or Ireland, under the penalty of forfeiting the fold linen, and double the value thereof, to be recovered withcoft* of fuit in any of her Majefty’$ courts of record; one moiety thereof to the Queen's majefty, the other moiety to fuch perfons as (hall fetxe, inform or fue tor the fame.

XII.	Provided always and be it enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, Tnat the commifiioners to be named in purfuance of this ad, (hall not by virtue of fuch commifiion* treat of or concerning any alteration of the liturgy, rites, ceremonies, difcipline or government of the church* as by laW eftablilhpd within this realm.

CAP. VIII.

An aft to permit the exportation of Irifh linen cloth to the plantations, and to prohibit the importation of Scotch linen into Ireland.

WHEREAS and by an aft made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majejly King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for the encouragement of trade, it is amongfi other things enafted. That no commodity of the growth, produftion or manufafture of Europe, fijall be imported into any land, i/land, plantation, colony, territory, or place, to his Majefiy belonging, or which /ball hereafter belong unto, or be in thepojfejfm of his Majejlyx bis heirs andfuccefiors, in Afia, Africa, ar America, (except as is therein excepted) but what /hall be bona fide, and without fraud, tyden and /hipped in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the penalties in the[aid aft contained: yet forafmuch as the protefiant interefl in her Majefifs kingdom of Ireland ought to be fupported, by giving the utmofi encouragement to the linen ma-nu/aftures of that kingdom \ her Majefty is gracioufly pleafed, iq tender regard to her good protefiant fubjeds of her faid kingdom, ana for the further encouragement of the linen manu-fadures thereof, that it may enacted j and be it enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and five, it (hall apd may be lawful to and for any native or natives of England, or Ireland, to lade and (hip in any port of the faid kingdom of Ireland in Englijh built (hipping, whereof the mafter and one moiety of the mariners, during the prefect w^r, and afterwards the mafter and three fourths ot the mariners at lead to be Engli/b or Irifh, any white or brown linen cloth, which (hall be of the manufacture of the faid kingdom of Ireland, and no other, and the |ame to tranfport itt fuch (hips, and fo navigated, into any of

the

Digitized by L^ooQle

I'7°+4! Anno terrio & quarto An&jb. c. 8.	103

the (aid landj, iflands, plantations, colonies, territories, or mtatmtber^ places, and* there freely to traffick with, and vend the feme ; any m ***tmed, thing in the feid ad* or in any other ad, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

5 II- Provided neverthelcfs, That no (hip or • veflel coming to No Oiip to any of the feid lands, iflands, plantations, colonies, territories, break bulk 9t planes, from the feid kingdom of Ireland, (hall unlade, or unt.*l 2^ break bulk, until the mafter or commander of fuch (hip or 5^^ ^ veflel (hall firft have made known to the governor of fuch land, governor, ifland, plantation, coJony, territory, or place, or to fuch perform or officer as (hall he by him. thereunto authorized and appointed, the arrival of the feid (hip or veflel, with her name, and the name and furname of. the mafter or commander, and dull have delivered to inch governor or officer, a true and per- and an in-fed inventory or invoice of the lading of fuch (bip or veflel, to- voyCe of the tether. with a certificate from the chief officer of the port in Ireland, where fuch (hip or veflel (hall be laden, exprefling the dcIlvcrc • particulars of fuch lading, with the names and abodes oF the exporters, and of two perfons at the lead, who (hall have made path before fuch chief officer, that the feid goods and linen are of the manufacture of the feid kingdom of Ireland, and until the mafter or commander of fuch (nip or veflel (hall have made oath before fuch governor or officer, that the feid goods, and every parcel thereof, are the fame goods that, he, the feid mafter or commander, took on board by virtue of fuch certificate, as isaforefaid, nor until fuchjlhip or veflel (hall have been vifited and fearched by an officer or officers ; and in Penalty on cafe the commander of any fuch (hip or veflel (hall unlade, commander pr break bulk, before fuch notice given, and fuch certificate Ending, produced, and fuch oath made by fuch commander, or before fuch fearch made, as afprefeid, or if upon fuch fearch any goods wharibever of woollen manufacture, not laden in England (ne-peflary apparel of the commander and mariners only excepted) or any linen goods not laden in England, nor of the manufacture of Ireland, (hall be found in fuch (hip or veflel; in all or any pf the feid cafes, fuch (hip or veflel (hall be, and is hereby adjudged forfeited, with all her guns, tackle, ammunition and < furniture, together with all fuch goods and commodities, of what kind fbever, as (hall be imported or found in fuch (hip i one third part to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, pne third part to the governor of fuch land, ifland, plantation,

colony, territoiy, or place, into which fuch goods (hall be im-	 J

ported, if the (aid ftnp, veflel, or goods be there feized, informed againft, or fued for (or otherwife that third part alfo to her Majefty, her heirs ana fucceflors) and the other third part to him or them who (hall fue for the feme in her Majefty's pourt, in fuch of the feid lands, iflands, colonies, plantations, ftnritorief, or places, vyher* the offence (hall be committed, or in any of her Majefty’s courts at }VtJlminfler% by bill, plaint, ‘	■

jiffermatiop, or other action, wherein no cflbin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed.	^

iZrH4	'	III. And



J&uid mmSd:& quarto Ankubj	^Tott

SUpscoming' HI. And:toe itnfupthsr enaded,: ThatlrillfcipsdottihSg fhm iSweMbf" Intend, to any fachfandriftand, odo»^ phttital»on^wnad«ytf1 vifited in like 08 P^aoe> <toall .be fiibjedt totbefjurreiTaiesyirifitxtion^fiauuhei^. manner as penalties, and forfeitures, to whichftnpa 'Comingiron ’fngl/mj. (hip* from - to any of: the (aidcolonies, plantatianv-orpUc*s;r>arefufajedb-Engknd. or liable to by any law now in force*: -	-	t • i j • V t -..r*n

Penalty on IV. And for the preventing of frmds that maybe coinmktcdy iftiporting	by exporting from Inland linen of the mandfafture of the Kansu*

fewttnd **andfor

after >5 of all nidi linen into Ireland: be it enacted by the authority March, 1705. aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons, whofoall fironi.’ and after the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufend* feven hundred and five, impost or caofe to be imported iotas foe Kingdom of Ireland,any linen whatfoever of foe mandfec*. tore or Scotland, (hall forfeit foe fum of twenty fofoings fat' every yard of Scotch linen fo imported, together with the £ud~ linen.	-l;

Linen fo pro* V. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any fuch linen r' asd*1 t0rfe fo prohibited to- be imported into	,foall after foe faid five

importer*	twentieth	day of March, be found any where within-«h*

profeemtd. laid Kingdom, the fame, or any part thereof; (hall and may be feized, and the importers thereof profecuted by any perfon fehatfoever; and thatalllinen of themanufa&ureof&vribid, which Ihail befeized by virtue of this ad, (hall be carried to the next cufiotn-houfe in the Kingdom of , and (hall not thence be delivered, unlefs in order to be produced at a trial, orunfefe foe: Aftarpoo-	fame be otherwife difeharged by due courfe of law: and in cafe

fo* goods fo feized, or any part thereof, (hall -be condemned;' of candle.*”*1* the Mne foall be fold publkkly by inch of candle, whereof notice in writing by a paper affixed at the door of flich cuftoro-houfe, ihail be given at feaft twenty days before foe laid (alej Butnot deli- and the goods- fo fold foall not be delivered to the buyer or verrf until buyers thereof, until he, (he or they have entred into bonds; for exporting v,'tto two fuffirient fureties to the Queen’s majefty, her heiri fuch goods for *nd fucceflors, in double the value of the faid goods, with three months condition to export the fame, and every pait thereof, within out of Ireland, three months after foe date of the faid obligation, our of the Kingdom of Ireland, and not to import the fame, or any part therfcof, into any of-her Majefty’s colonies, plantations or do-How bond minions in Afia, Africa, or America: which faid obligation «tedbeV*r foall be vacated upon, certificate of foe chief officer of foe port;

' ' from whence foe find goods foall be exported, of foe expor-t tation thereof, and- upon oath made by foe exporter, that afi and every part of the feid goods were exported, purfuantt* this adt, and that no part thereof hath been landed in atiyof her MajeftyY Colonies, pfaritaribhs or dominions in Sir, | Penalty on net or America; and in cafe foe feid goods-Ihail not be * exported fadwici accordingly, the perfon or perfons in whofe tuftody the faid ^	*’	goods, or any part thereof) foall be found, foall be again liable

to dll the penalties and forfeitures by this a& inripofed, as if fo* £upe bad never been feized.	-	-	- _

VI-



i7«H*T 4M& tflHfc’Jk qmtp Atom:	to$

VI.	Ahd be it farther ehafted, That all officers belonging Penalty on to the caftans in the (aid kingdom of Jnlaad% dull be aiding °®Fer c°n-ood affiftihg in the effeftuai execution of this aft; and that if importation of atay fach ameer fhall knowingly connive at the importation of Scotch-linen, any fartofr-Jinen, contrary mate tree meaning of this aft, fuch ftmeer fhall forfeit and lofe the Aim of one handled pounds, and fa far ever incapable -faf< Anting hec Majcfty, her heirs and incoeffcv*, ip any office wbatfbcver. .

■ VIL And be it enafted, That all and every the. penalties and Where penal, forferturca impofedby this aft, far importing	huh	tie* and for-

the kingdom of fan!mtL, {hall and maybe hied for, and recover- £U?re*.'.“PJ* ed .in any of her Maiefty’s courts of record at WtftmnStr qr j.re ^cowrT* Ihtfv, fay aftion of debt, bill,- plaint or information, wherein able.

Bo efibin* privilege, proteftion or wager of-law, ihall be allows fak norany mom than erne imparlance} one moiety of the one moiety to Aid. penalties and forfeitures to be to her Majefty, her heira the Queen, mid fucceflors, and the other moiety to him, her or them that will foe for the feme.	<	,	*d*gf,a»m

. VIII. And it is heidfayfarther emnSted, That if anyperfon $ Ann! cl*, oxperfon* befued, nwlefted or profecuted,. for or by seafon of perfont fued any fetaure made in puvfoanee of. this aft, foch pesfon aodper- may plead the fans may plead the geaenl itifoev and ghrethi* aft and tbefpecial general iffi*,. matter m evidence; and if afaenraras a verdift fhaH pah far . the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff fhsttdifcantinue |us aftiao, or be nohfaited, onif judgment be given' againA him, then fuch defendant ordefendants fhall have double cofts.

IX.	Braoided alvm, That /all informations; a&ons. and Suit* to be forts, .to be brought for anyoffiaoe againft this aft, ihall be cosaraeaced . brought and commenced within twelve months after the dif.	1

cowry of fach offence. ..........

\ X. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That if any fhip orProTifocon-Vffiei} being laden with goads m England* Walts,	Btruridk earning Eng-

tlpan ft* alt for anyof the plantations aforefeid, fhall put in* |j“1fotte* to any port or place in Ireland* and ihall there take in any whits -.rr” or brown Infi) linen doth} in that cafe, die like certificate and &c. nstbs’fhill be made, thatdie fetd linen doth is pf the manufec-Snre of./nfeRAwfe before direfted by this aft c and ifi, upon the ■nival of fuch fhip or- veflel in tuty of the Aid plantation^ foch certificate be produced, and oaths made, as afiorefaid, fuch ihip or vefief, her mafter or commander, and lading, Adi bo fobieft andhahleto foch rules, vHkatioos, fearches, penalties} and forfehnns, as they refpeftivefy were fobjeft sad liable to fay virtucof thefayra which .wercin force before the palling of this aft, and no other; any dung in this aft to the contrary not* withftanding.	r.	,rrr:!

, XI. Provided, Thatthis aft fhall continuemrfyforthe-term Afttbeon-nfeloreoyears,	[QmvmtdiiyjOna uc. ais]	, tinueeleug

years.

,1

CAP,





l^ronufTory notes mty be aifigned or in dor led, and a&ion maintained thereon, ts on inland bills of exchange.

t

Asn»	quart?	Ann.*.	c.gi	[1704.4



* C AP. IX/

Jtn dR'fot ^vmg like remedy upon promifforj notes, as is , novo ujed'upon Bills of exchange, and far the better . ment ff iflland bills of exchange.

TX7HEREAS it hath beenbeld, That notes in writings figned . W 0 by the party who makes the fame, whereby fuch party promifes to pay unto any other perfon, or hit order, any fum of money therein mentioned, aeenelajftgnable or indorfible truer, within thecufiom ofmerchants, to another perfon; and that fuch perjbn to whom the Jum of. money mentioned in fuch note is payable, cannot maintain an aftion,by: the tuftom of merchants, againft the perfon whofirft made andfignei the* fame j and that any perfon to whomfuch notejhall be afifigned, indorfed, or. inode payable, could not, within the fetid cufhomjf merchants, main-tain any aSion .upon fuch note again]} the perfon whr.firft drew and fignei the fame: therefore tathe intent to encourage trade asuL commerce,. which. will be much advanced, if fuch notes fhali have the fame effedt as inland bills of exchange, and (hall be negotiated in like manner; be it enadted by the Queen’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all notes in writing, that after the firft day of Aday, in the year of - out Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and five, (hall be made and figned by any perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, or by the (errant or agent of any corporation, banker* goldfmith, merchant, or trader, who is ufually intruded by him, her or them, to fign fuch promiffory notes for him, .her* or them, whereby fuch perfon or perfons, body politick and corporate, his, her, or their fervant or agent, as aforefaid, doth or (hall promife to pay to any other perfon or perfons, body politick and corporate, his, her, or their order, or unto bearer, any fum of money mentioned m fuel) note, (hall be taken and conftrued to be, by virtue thereof, due and payable to any fuch perfon or perfons, body politick and corporate, to whom the fame is made payable; and alfo every fuch note payable to any perfon or perrons, body politick ana corporate, his, her, or their order, (hall be affignable pr indorfible over, in the fame manner as inland hills of exchange are or may be, according to thecuftom of merchants; and tl)at the perfon or perfons, tody

Clitick and corporate, to whom fuch fum of money is or ftiau by fuch note made payable, (hall and may maintain an so tion tor the fame, in foch manner as he, (he, or they might do, upon any inland bill of exchange, made or drawn according to 'the cuftom of merchants, againft the perfon or perfons, body poli* tickandcorporate, who; orwhofe fervantdr :ag<dnt, asaforefeid, figned the fame; and that any perfon or perfons, body politick and corporate, to whom fuch note that is payable to any perfon or perfons, body politick and corporate, his, her, or their order, is taaotfcd or afligned, or the money therein mentioned ordered to be paid by indorsement thereon, (hall and may maintain his,

her,



1^04.’]' Anno tertio & quarto Ann.®, c.g.	107

fier, or their aftion for fuch fum of money, either againft the perfon or perfons, body politick and corporate, who, or whole' fervant or agent, as aforefaid, ligned fvich note, pr againft any* of the perfons that indorfed the fame, in like manner as in cafes	-	*

of inland bills of exchange: and in every fuch aftion the plaintiff or plaintlfft (hall recover his, her, or their damages arid Colts of fuit; and if fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or a verdict be given againft him,' her, or them, the defendant or defendants Sail recover his, her, or their cofts againft the Plaintiff or plaintiff or plaintiffs; and every fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, de~ defendant rendant or defendants, refpeftively recovering, iray fue out ^#rccoirer execution for luch damages and cofts by capias* fieri facias, or	^

iUpt.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid * How »aum That all and every fuch actions (hall be commenced, fued JJ1*11 hf and brought within fuch time as is appointed for commencing brought* or fuing actions upon the cafe, by the ftatute made hx the one

and twentieth year of the reign of King James the Firft, in~»ijac.i.c.itf. tituled. An act for limitation ofa ft ions, and for avoiding of fuits in law.

III.	Provided, That no body politick or corporate (hall have Provifo againft power, by virtue of this aft, to iffue or give out any notes, by S,vuig 0111 fhetrrfelves or their fervants, other than fuch as thefy ought110 c$#

Jxave iffued, if this aft had never been made.

IV.	And whereas by an a ft of parliament made in the ninth year

of the reign of his late madefy King William the Third, intituled, 9 W. 3. c. 17. An act for the better payment of inland bills of exchange, if is,	']

among other things, enafted, That from and after prefentation and acceptance of the faid bill or bills of exchange (which acceptance Jhall he by the underwriting the fame under the party's hand fo accepting)

'and after the expiration of three days after the faid bill or bills Jhall become due, the party to whom the faid bill or bills are made payable, its fervant, agent, or ajfigns, may and Jhall eaufe the fame bill or hills to be protefled in manner as in the faid aft is enafted: and whereas by therebeing no provifton made therein for protejlingfuch bill or bills, in cafe the party, on whom the fame ore or Jhall be drawn, refufe to accept the fame, by underwriting the fame under bis hand, all merchants dnd others do refufe to underwrite fuch bill or biHs, or make any other than a promijfory acceptance, by which means the ejfeft attd good intent of the faid aft in that behalf is wholly ' evaded, and no bill or bills can be protefled before or for want of fuch acceptance by underwriting the fame as aforefaid: for remedy whereof be it enafted by the ‘authority aforefaid. That from and after the Party refuting firft day of May, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one to underwrite themfand feven hundred and five, in cafe, upon prefenting change,Xfuch of any luch bill* or bills of exchange, the party of parties, on bill may be ; Whom the fame be drawn, (hall refufe to accept the fame, protefted for by underwriting the Ame, as aforefaid, the party to whom the non accept-faid bill or bills are made payable* his fervant, agent, orancc* alligns, may and (hall eaufe the faid bill or bills to be protefted for non-acceptance, as iq cafe of foreign bills of exchange; any

thing



change to be fufficient un-lefs the fame be underwritten, nor drawer thereof liable to &c.

Wft	ttrtio	Sc quarto Ann.®. C-9.	f 1704.

thfoginthc (aid ad, or any other law, to the contrary notwith-ftamUng: for which proteft there lhall be paid two (hillings,

and n<> wore...

Jo accept* V. Provided always. That from and after the faid firftday ance of inland of May-, no acceptance of any fuch inland bill of exchange (hall bill* of ex- be fufficient to. charge any perfon whatfoever, unlefs the fame be underwritten or indorfed in writing thereupon; and if fuch bill be not accepted by fuch underwriting, or indorfement in writing, no drawer of any fuch inland biU (hall be liable to pay any cofts, damages, or intereft thereupon, unlefs fuch pro-' ten be made for non-acceptance thereof, and within fourteen days after fuch proteft, the fame be fent, or otherwise notice thereof be given to the party from whom fuch bill was received, or lot in writing at the place of his or her ufual abode; and if fuch bill be accepted, and not paid before the expiration of three days after the (aid .bill (hall become due and payable, then no drawer of fuch bill (hall be compellable to pay any oofts, damages, or intereft thereupon, unleft a proteft be made and feht, or notice thereof be given, in manner and farm above-mentioned: neverthelefs, every drawer of fuch bill IhaH be liable to make payment of cofts, damages, and mtereft upon fuch inland bill, if any one proteft be made of non-acceptance or non-payment thereof, and notice thereof be fept, given or left, as 'aforefaid.

No proteft ne- VL Provided, That no (uch proteft (hall be neceflarv, either1 eeflary for , for non-acceptance or npn-;payment of any inland bill of ex-non-pay- ^ change, unlels the value be acknowledged and exprefied in fuch tbebiUUfae bill to be received, and unlefs fuch bill be drawn for the pay-drawn for *ol. ment of twenty pounds fterling or upwards; and that the pro-' or upwards, teft, hereby required for non-acceptance, (hall be made by, lucb By whom perfons as are appointed by the faid recited a<51 to proteft inland proteft (hall pills of exchange for non-payment thereof, be ma e. VII. And be it further enabled. That from and after the faid M|Cel?eemed day May> if any perfon doth accept any fuch bill of ex-aful] pay.	change for and in fatisfa&ion of any former debt, or fum of

ment of debt, money formerly due unto him, the fame (hall be accounted and efteemed a full and complete payment of fuch debt, if fuch

Erfon, accepting of any fuch bill for his debt, doth not take s due courfie to obtain payment thereof, by endeavouring to get the fame accepted and paid, and make his proteft, as aforesaid, either for non-acceptance, or non-payment thereof.

Provifo, . VIII. Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to difeharge ,any remedy, that any perfon may have again!} the drawer accepter or indorfer of fuch bill.

Aft to eon- IX. And be it further, ena&ed by the authority aforefrid, tiiiue fy**f*; That this adt (hall continue and be in force for the fpace of three years, from the (aid firft day of May, and from thence to the end of the next fefljon of parliament, and no longer. Madt pfrpttml by7 Annae^c. 25. f. 3.

CAP.

Digitized by LjOOQie

a 704.] Anno tertio & quarto Am nub. c. to.	10$

CAP. X.

vffi aff/or encouraging the importation of naval fores from her Majefifs plantations in America.

WHEREAS the royal navy, and the navigation ^/"England, wherein , under Gody the wealth} fafety andfrength of this kingdom is fo much concerned, depends on the due fuppb of fiores ne-	*

cejjary for the Jamey which being now brought in mofiiy from foreign partSy in foreign Jbippingy at exorbitant and arbitrary rateSy to the great prejudice and aifeouragement of the trade and navigation of this	\

kingdoniy may be provided in a more certain and beneficial manner from her Majeflfs own dominions: and whereas her Majeffs colonies and plantations in America were at frjl fettledy and are Jlitl maintained and proteRed, at a great expence of the freafure of this Ungdomy with a deftgn to render them as ufeful as may be to England, and the labour and indujlry of the people there% profitable to them-Jehes: and in regard the faid colonies and plantations, by the vajt tracts of land therein, lying near the feay and upon navigable rivers^ may commodioufly afford great quantities\ of all forts of naval fiores, if due encouragement be given for carrying on fo great and advantage-	0

tus an undertakingy which will hkewife tendy not duly to the further	t

employment and increafe of Enelilh /hipping and feameny but alfo to	,

the enlargingy in a great meajurey the trade and vent of the woollen and other manufactures and commodities of this kingdom, and of 0-ther her Majefifs dominionsy in exchange for fuch naval fiores\ Encourage* which are now purchafed from foreign countries with money or buf ment to inv Ron: and for enabling her Majefifs JubjeClSy in the faid colonies and Eort flantationSy to continue to make due and fufficient returns in the courfe pi^_ of their trade; be it therefore enadted by the Queen’s moft ex'- tations in A* cdlent majefty, by and with the advice and coment of the lords raerica. fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every per- father en-fon or perfons that (hall, witnin the time appointed by this ^nnrTcfit. Adt, import or caufe to be imported into this kingdom, diredtly f. JO, £ * from any of her Majefty’s Engji/h colonics or plantations in J-a. c. y. mericay in any (hip or (hips that may lawfully trade to her Ma- Sgt * y** r» jelly's plantations, manned as by law is required, ariy of thec*,1#r* +* naval (tores, hereafter mentioned, (hall have and enjoy, as A toward or premium for fuch importation, after and according to the feveral rates for fuch naval (lores, as follows, (viz^ importer 1

ll.	For good and merchantable tar per tun, containing eight Tot Ur*! per barrels, and each barrel to gage thirty one gallons and an half, tun.

Four pounds.

For good and merchantable pitch per tun, each tun Contain- pitch *(. pei* Ing twenty grofs hundreds (net pitch) to be brought in eight tun. barrels, four pounds.

For good and merchantable rozin or turpentine per tun, each R°»o or tur-tun containing twenty grofs hundreds (net roain or turpentine) to be brought in eigh^ barrels^ three pounds.

F6r



tip	Anno ferrio Sc-quftfto Ann.®, c. io. {1704J

Hemp 61. per For hemp, water rotted, brieht and clean, per ton, each tuu tun. Con-	containing twenty grofs handreds, fix pounds.

fbemp 'byt%° - - ^or **11 «nafts, yards, and boyvfprights, per tun, flowing forty Ann.ft.i.c.9. foot-to each tun, girt rtieafure, according to the cuftomary dray s Geo.i. c. 1*. of meafuring round bodies, one pound..

*6'	Which	feveral	rewards	or	premiums,	for	eachiptcies*-

pertun C 108 ^re-mentioned, (hall be paid and anfwered by the commlffiofi-Prsmiums to crs or principal officers of her Majefty’s navy, who are hereby be paid by impowered and required to make out Dili or bills, to be paid its commiflioners courfe for the fame, upon certificate of the tefpe&ive chief of-BiMahnlof hcer officers of the cuftoms, in any port of this kingdom^ fiubcertificates where fuch naval ftores (hall be imported, as aforefaid; fuch as to pitch bill or bills to. be made otft and given to the perfon or peribot **dtar9 importing the fame, as aforefaid, within twenty days after th£ t C”'difebarge 0,4 unlading of the (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels* in s*Geo*i *c. i». ^hich luch ftores (hall be imported, upon a certificate orccr-f. 4..	Itificates, to be produced to the chief officer or officers of the

Oath to be cuftoms (which certificate or certificates (hall be under the hand th^iva?** and leal of the governor, lieutenant governor, collector of hef ftores*were of 'Majefty’s cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them,* re-the growth of tiding and being within any of her Majefty’s faid colonies or the plants- plantations) That before the departure of/uch (hip or veflel^ tions.	.Oiips or, veflels, the perfon or perfons, merchant, trader or

faCtor, loading the fame, had made oath before them, That the faid naval (lores, fo fhipt on board, were truly and bena fide of the growth arid prpduce of her Majefty’s faid colonics and plantations (which oath the fiidgovernor, lieutenant governor^ collector of her Majefty’s cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them, are hereby authorized to adminifter) as likCwife, upr

........ on oath to be made within any port in England, by the matter

or mailers of fuch (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, importing fuch naval ftores, that the fame were truly laden on board fuch (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, within fome of her Majefty’s •	colonies and plantations m, America, and that he or they know

or believe that the faid naval ftores were tfie produce of the faid colonies and plantations.

Pcoyilb.	IV.	Provided	always.	That	the	reward	or	premium,	hereby

. granted, (hall not be allowed or paid for the importation of (uch mads, yards, bowfprights, or other naval (lores, as are already contracted for by the commiflioners of her Majefty’s . .	-	navy.	*	\

Commiflioners V. And to the end a particular benefit may accrue hereby to of the navy to her Majefty’s royal navy, and for the better fupply of the fame have the pre- with tfavaf ftores ; be it further enaCted, That upon the inv-naval flores fo Portin£ of$ny naval ftores from her Msjefty’s (aid polonies and imported, plantations, for which a reward or pramium is heribv granted, , the pre-emption, or refufal of ibeh naval ftores, lhall be offered if * to** and tenured,to the commiflioners of her, Majefty’s nhvy upon for^^in 10 lan<^n£ ^ame > an<* within the term of twenty days after day* after * fuch tender, the faid commiflioners lhall not contraCl or bargain tender.	for the fame, it (hall and may be lawful for the importer or im-

porters.



1704*]	.	Awjo£ertia&:^	in

porters, owner or owners* af the fayi naval (lores, otherwife to difpofe of _ the feme for Ins or their be# .profit aniadvanr t*ge.	..	*

VI.	And for the better .prefemtioivof all timber fit. for the Penalty on ufes aforefaid; be it further enacted and ordained by the autho- £lling or .de-rity aforefaid,. That no pfcrfon of perfona within b«r Mgjefty's	^

colonies, of New Hatnpjhire, the MaJJacbufeU Bay, Rhode IJland*\n ncw Eag-wd Providence Plantation, the Managemfet Country, <qr SjngsUnd, kc~ Province, and Connecticut in New England, and New Tori, and Newjerfty^ do or (hall prefume to cut, fell, or deftfoy any pitch, pine trees, or tar trees, not being within any fence or actual inclofure, under the growth of twelve inches diameter, ntk three foot from the earth, on the penalty Or forfeiture of fin pounds for each offence, on proof thereof to be made by one or more credible witoeffes on oath, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace within or neareft to fuch place where fuch offence (hall be committed j one moiety of fuch penalty or forfeiture to be to her Majefty, her heirs or iucccflofs, the other fnoiety to the informer or informers.	...r

. vVIi. And be it further enacted by (the authority aforefaid, penaity on That no perfon or jperfons,, wifhin the find colonies of New burning pitch Hamp/bire, the Mafjachvfets Bay, ,Rhode Ifland, and Providence tr?e8» «c* Plantation, and Marraganfet Country, .pr Kings Province, Cortr neBuut in New England, and New Tori, and New. erfey, (hall ^ ^ner. *

.wittingly or willingly fet fire to any woods or forefts, in which :-

there are any pitch, pine trees, or tar trees, prepared for the making of pitch or tar, without firft giving notice to the per-lon or perfons, owner or owners of the ,faid trees, who had prepared or ordered the preparing of fuch trees, or to one. of her Mfejefty’s juftices of the peace there, on pain’ of forfeiting of ten pounds for ea6h offence, to be recovered in fuch manner, and on fuch proof, and to be difcibqted, as aforefaid; the faid forfeitures and penalties to be levied by warrant under the hands and fcals of fuch iuftice or juftices of the pelce.

VIII.	Provided always. That the importation of all fuch na-stores fubjeft v*l (lores, for whith a reward of premium is granted by this adt, to the fame be fubjedfc to, the fame regulations, rdlridions, and limitations, penalties, &c. in reference to tbe (hipping and navigating thereof, and fuch tation goods*1* fecurity (hall be given for importing the lame into England, and ® fubjed to fuch penalties .and Jorfertutes, as the importation of

fugar, tobacco, cotton wooll, indico, ginger, fuftick, and other	.

dying wood, from her Majefty^s colonies and plantations in A-pterica, are fubjedt unto.

IX.	Provided alfo, That the feveral diredtjons and provifions A61 to contf-

ia this adt (hall commence and take effedfc from the firft day ofnuc 9 year*. January, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand	,

leven hundred and five, and (hall continue and be in force from

thence forward, for the fpace of nine years, and no longer.

CAP. XI.

An adt for the better recruiting her Majefty %s land forces and the marines, for the year one thovfend feven hundred and five. EXP.

CAP.



us

Anne tmi0& qmrt* Apw,*.

c a p. an.	;

An act for the relief (if the creditor* of Thomai Aitkin,. ba#kruptv»nti for the apprehending of him* and the difcoverv of the efihfts of the wad ^Kdmaf Pitkin, ahdkitUcComptfcea. %XV.

cap. xin.

.An ad for prohibiting all trade and commerce with* Prance. * Prohibition of trade with France during the war. Ships feifeedf by privateers fraudulently, forfeited, and privateer (hip condemned as good prize. Provifo for French wines cos traded for before x January* 1704* 60 a* the be imported before * Auguft, 1705. Aft not to prehjait trade with Sp^m. Contraband goods ex^ptedp . If XP,	.	,

CAP. XIV.

An aft to prevent all erasure** corrtfpondeace With htf Majefty's earn

’	i	mien

Perfons fendipg arms, ordnance* ftc. to France, during the war* to fuf-fer death as in cafes of treafon. Queen's fubje&s returning from Franci without licence guilty of high treaJon. Prirfons who have been m France*, and returned Without licence, (hall depart by t May, 1705. unlcfe the* . obtain the Qgeen’s licence for ftnying litre, or be deemed guilty of high treafon. Penons without licence going to France, during the war. guilty of high treafon. .Offences committed beyond fee may be tried in any county m England. Perfons indited on mis aft, to nave the be* nefct of the aft made 7 W. j. c. 3. EXP.

CAP.

• Anns, c * An aft-for tlie wlitf pf FuBte Ernes, ,«/ V - , clapfW. their times, either For paying g .«	.,c.y.	forporchafeigannum**) had

knight and baronet,'who had *lapfed his time for paying part of Jua purchafe-money for a forfeited elute in Ireland * , and aflo forreiief of . Dorothy Ireland, and others, in refnedl of feVeral tickets for payment ol annuities, and of feveral million lottery tickets, and Exchequer bilth



and debentures to the artny, which have been, burnt or loft.

Futke Ernes to have the aonfoubf ao L per annum, purebafed by him , for three lives. The like to Thanp* Barnatdiftqn. of y* I per annual for ope .life, Maty Qibfon to have her annuity of 201. per annum, for two lives. Miry Highftreet, to enjoy the annuity of 10 I. per annum, jmrehafedby her for her own life. Samuel Cook to Meive the anmfr-ties of 401. and xoL per annum, purchased by him for his own life. Sir John Mted'a time of payment oflrith purchafe-money enlarged, with intered at %l. per cent. Dorothy Ireland's malt tickets which were * bnrnt or deftroyed to be allowed on affidavit. Annuity tickets burnt or loft, officer on certificate of judge may’dt(char£e the fame.1 Tbfe likeon mftlkm lottery tickets, and maktkketa,ftc. haunt or loft.

*XP.

CAP. XVL	.	.	.	:	4

3 ft 4 Asms, An act for ptmifhmg mutiny and defertion, audfaUe mufters 1 and for 1he c. is.	; better payment of thearlny, and their quarters.

Mutineers and deserters, ftc. to fuller death. The Queen may grant cohi-. miffions to her generals to xall courts-martial. Courts-martial not td confift of lets than 11 commiffion officers. Prefident to be a field officer. Soldiers not exempt from the ordinary procefs of law; Aft not to ex» tend to militia. Every member of cdurt-maftial t6 be fworn. Nofch-teace of depth to be given, unlefs nine officers concur. Penalty on falf£ certificates, to cxcufe foldiers from mailer. Penalty on officers making falffe mufters. Mufter rolls to be figned by the mayor, ftc. Penalty on mufter mafter neglefting to. give notice. Penalty upon perfons falfly muttered. Hprfes fiilfly muftered to be forfeited. Penalty on agent, ftc. detaining officer's or foldier's pay. Penalty on agents difobeyiflg di*-dera of Queen or lord trcafurcr. Officer to bring a certificate of men

fick.

Digitized by v^ooQie

*704.] Amro terdo 8fc quarto Annjb. c. 17,18.	113

fidt, Icc. Penalty on officer tflUftering frrvants, Sec. No foldiers to be quartered oO private houfes. Penalty on conftable. Sec. quartering fol-oiers Qttttftrirc than by this aft. Officers and foldiers to pay reafonable

*	rates for'thVh* provifion*. Juftices to fet the rates. Penalty on officer taking money to excufe from quartering. No paymafter, Scc. to make deductions out of officer's or fbmier's pay. Lord treafurer may iflue the money due. for clothing every two months. Paymasters to deduft the o&itc£t>nings. Charge of arms, (lores, &c. to be transmitted to pay-* m after, See. Rates of lubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers, Scc. for fol-

*	dierV quarters. Penalty on officer not paying fubfittence-money. No

‘ ‘mailers in Weftrainfter and Southwark, but in the prefence of two juf-

*	tkeiv Ail clothes, Sec. to be bought in England. Mufter rolls to be clofed on the day of mufter, and returned to the paymafter of the forces.

Sec. Juftices to iflue out warrants to the conftables to provide carriages.

Penalty on officers forcing waggon to travel more than one day’s journey, Sec. or obliging conftables to provide faddle horfes. Soldiers wives.

Sec* not to be quartered without confent. Penalty on officer or foldieT deftroying the game. Penalty on perfons concealing deferter, or buying his arms, clothes. Sec. No foldiers to be billeted jn Epfora, Scc. Officers or foldiefs corresponding with the Queen's enemies guilty of high trea-

* Ton. ^Idim refifting officer, felony. All trials for trealon, felony, Sec.

* oty be determined in the Queen's Bench. Aft not to abridge the

*	Queen's power of making articles of war, Scc. Queen may grant com-* miffions for holding courts martial! Deferter to be returned to his own regiment, there to be punilhed. But one trial for the fame offence. No attainder to extend to corruption of blood, Scc. Trial of a peer to be by his peers. Perfons tried for treafon on this aft to have the benefit

of the aft 7 W. 3. c. 3. Officers and foldiers of the marine regiments 1 Si 3 Anna*, fubjeft to this aft. Felons may be lifted on the Queen's warrant fiened c. so. for their pardon. Aft to extend to mutineers and deferters in Ireland. 1 x W. 3. c. t.

*	Pfcrfons not tried before 14March, 1704.. may be tried now by court- 13 W. 3. c. 1.

*	martial. Penalty on officer refufing to give a juft account of debentures* 5 Anna;, c. id#

CAP. XVII.

An act for railing the militia for the year one thoufand feven hundred 13 & 14 Car. a and five, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid, c. 3.

CAP. XVIII.

Jn aft for making perpetual an aft for the more eafy reco* very of fmall tithes; and alfo an aft for the more eafy obtaining partition of lands in coparcenary, joint tenancy,. and tenancy in common \ and alfo for making more ef~ feftual and amending feveral afts relating to the return of jurors.

WHEREAS divers temporary laws, which by experience have been found beneficial and ufeful, are expired, or near expiring; therefore, for continuing the fame, be it enafted by the Queen's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and bv the authority of the fame. That an aft made in the fefiion of parliament held in the fcventh and eighth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled. An act for the more eafy recovery of fmall 7 & g w. 3.

. tithes^ which was to continue for three years, and from thence c. 6. for reco~ to the end of the next fefiion of parliament, which aft was fur- tvtnt^fnudl iher continued by an aft made in the tenth and eleventh years Vol. XI.	I	of

114	Anno tcrtio & qiwto Annjb^.x:., i|fl [1704.

tinued by io of the reign of the faid King William th? Third, for ye^rs & 11 W i’ from the expiration thereof, which will expire at the end jof perpetual.C *h« ncxt ^e^on °f parliament after the year one thoufand feven hundred and five, (hall be, and is hereby continued, and (hall be in force, and be made perpetual.	r

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That an ad made in the feflion of parliament held in the eighth and

S & 9 W. 3. ninth years of his faid late majefty King William the Third, %fitr {LLLintituled»	for th* cafier obtaining partitions of lands in co-

partitions of parcenary, joint tenancy, and tenancy in common, which will expire lands in copar- at the end of the next feflion of parliament after the firft day of cenary* &c. May, one thoufand feven hundred and four, (hall be, and is ma^c Pcrpc" hereby continued, and (hall be in force, and be made perpetual.

III.	And whereas in an aft made in the feffion of parliament held 4 & 5 W. & M.in *be fourth and fifth years of the late King William and iQueen c. 14. , Mary, intituled. An ad for reviving, continuing, and explaining, feveral laws therein mentioned, which are expired and nesyr expiring, there are feveral good claufes and provifions relating to the returning of jurors, which claufes and provifions were by the faid aft to continue in force for feven years after the firjl of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety three, and to ’the end of the next Jtf-fion of parliament: and whereas the faid claufes and provifions relating to the returning of jurors were, by an aft made in the feventh and eighth years of the late King. William the Third, intituled* An

7 & s W. 3. ad for the cafe of jurors, and better regulating of juries, con-c# 3»*. tinned for feven years, from thet firft.of }Azy, one thoufandfix hundred ninety and fix, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, ana no longer; which faid laji mentioned aft was alfo to continue but for the faid term offeven years, from the firjl of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and fix, ana to the end of the next feffion of parliament: and whereas the [aid aft made in the faid feffion of parliament, held in the feventh ana eighth years of the late King WillianvThird, was by an aft made in the firjl year of the reign 1 Ann*, flat. 0f fjer prefent Majejly, intituled. An ad for continuing former *'c*13* ads for exporting leather, and for eafe of jurors, and for revive ing and making more effedual an ad relating to vagrants, ton-tinnedfor feven years from the expiration thereof, and to the end of the next feffion of parliament: and whereas the faid claufes, provifions, and aft have not proved cffeftual, by reafon offome defefts in the faid aft; for remedy whereof be it enaded by the authority afore-Penalty on faid. That if any (heriff of the laid county of York (hall, aftor no” k^epinea ^ day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and five, dur-regifter	book *n8 the continuance of the faid ad, refufe or negled to provide

of jurors	and keep fuch book or regifter, as in the faid recited ad is di-

names s reded, or (hall refufe or negled to enter therein the names of the perfons who ferved as jurors in any the affixes or general quarter feflions of the peace, to be held in or for the faia county, or any the ridings therein^ in or during the time he (hall be (heriff of the faid county, with the additions and places of abode, and time and places of fuch their (mice*, in fuch manner



1704*] itamo terrio &'quarto ANNjE. c. iff'.	S*jj

»fer as in and bj the (aid Tecited aft is direfted, or fhall refufe or negleft, within ten days after the next fucceeding fheriff of the fold county (hall be fwom into his office, to deliver over to fuch fuccteding fheriff, as well all and every the books and regjfters that mall be made or prepared in the year wherein he (hall have ferved fheriff, as aHb all fuch other books or regifters as were prepared in the (heriffwiclc of any of his pre-deceflbrs, theriffs of thefaid county, within four years then next before* and which were delivered over to him by any of his faid prcdeceflbfs, or (hall refafe or negleft to make and deliver, by himfelf or his under fheriff, fuch certificate gratis, as in the laid recited aft is mentioned, that then every fuch fheriff of the laid county ofYorky fo refufing or ncgiefting in all or any the laid cafes aforefaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; one moiety whereof fhall be to the life of her Majefry, her heirs or fucceitors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall fue for the fame, in any of tier Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, proteftion, or Vaeer of law, nor more than one imparlance fhall be allowed.	'

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That or returning if any fuch fheriff of the faid county, for the time being, his °j?e P^11 or their under fheriff, deputy, or bailiff, during the continuance

of the faid aft, (hall knowingly fummon or return any perfon years, or perfons to ferve on any jqiy or juries, at any the faid affixes br feffions 6f the peace, who mall, within four years before fuch fummons or return, have ferved on any jury at any the faid ^affizes or feffions held within the faid county, or any the ridings therein, and fhall not, upon producing of fuch certificate or certificates, as aforefaid, to the officer or perfon fo fummohing, or to the faid fheriff, or his under fheriff or deputy, difeharge the faid fummons or return, and thereof give notice to the party fummoned, fix days before fuch affizes or feffions of the peace, at the which fuch perfon (hall be Aimmorted or returned to appear, that then the faid fheriff, under fheriff, baijffc or perfon fo fummoning or refufing to difeharge, as aforefaidjWall forfeit and lofe to the party fo fummoned the fum oMWertty pounds, to be recovered in manner and form as is laMiefeih before-mentioned, together with his full cofts of fuit. 1

V.	And whereas many confables, tythingmen, and headborougbs of tovtks, have refafed or neglected to return, or give to the. jnfiices of the peace at the general quarter feffions, a true lift in writing of the names and places of abode of all perfons within the refpeftive places for which they Jerve, qualified to ferve upon juries, as in and by the faid aft made in the feventk and eighth yean of the late King William it is enabled and provided, by reafon of which negtelly the gocZ'kitient of the faid alt has been eluded, and great inconveniencies have thereupon enfued: for remedy whereof be it further enaft-

ed by |the Authority aforefaid, That the juftices of the peace for fonftabjes'not alf counties or ridings Within the kingdom of England, or do-refUrninga. million of Wales, fhall yearly and every year, during the-coiV-lift of perfona *	I	2	tinuance	fit for jurors.



110	Anno	tertio & quarto AnnJs. c. it.

Continued by tinuance of the faid a<ft, at the general quarter feflions to be o Geo. i. c. 8. holden next after the four and twentieth day of June, iflue forth tttam/abu! t^e^r warrant or warrants, under the hands andf fads of two or &c. Jumcrtbnng more of them, to the head or chief conftable and conftables of tbeltfl before a every hundred, lathe, or wapentake, requiring him or them to iffue forth his or their precept or precepts to the refpedtive cno* 3Geo*.tythmgmen, and headboroughs within his and their f. 7. ' * ' 'hundred, lathe, or wapentake, thereby direding and requiring See io Anns, them, and all and every of them, to convene and meet together c*	with	the faid head conftables of the hundred, lathe, or wapen*

take, within fourteen days next after the date of fuch receipt^ at fome ufual or convenient place in the hundred, lathe, or wapentake, when and where the conftables, tythingmen, and headboroughs, (hall prepare and make a true lift fair written and figned by them, of the names and places of abode of all the per-fons witnin the refpedtive places for which they ferve, qualified to ferve on juries, according to the direction of the faid a& made in the fourth and fifth years of King William and QueeA Mary, with their titles and additions, between the age or one and twenty years and the age of fevcnty years, as by the faid a & of the feventh and eighth years of the faid King William i* dire&ed and appointed : which lift the faid conftable, tytbing-man, and headborough, or their deputies, or fome or one of them, yearly at the general quarter fefiions of the peace to be holden for each county, riding, or divifion, or any part thers* of, in the week after the feaft of Saint Michael, upon the firft day of the faid feflions, or upon the firft day that the (aid fcfr fions (hall be held by adjournment at any other particular place or divifion, (hall return and give to the juftices of the peace in open court: and any head conftable of the hundred, lathe, or wapentake failing to iflfue forth his or their precept or precepts to convene and meet together, with the conftables, tything-men, and headboroughs, as aforeiaid, (hall forfeit and incur the penalty of ten pounds; and any conftable,.tythingraan, and headborough failing to meet the head conftable of the hun-dra^Jlathe, or wapentake, purfuant to his precept, and failing to prepare and make a true lift, and to return and give ia the fame ftp the juftices in open court, as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and incur the penalty of five pounds: and every fuch high conftable, conftable, and tythmgman,ffo offending, (hall be pro-fccuted at the general aflizes, feflions of Oyer and TtrmiH9r% and general gaol delivery, or feflions of the peace, before the juftices thereof, who (hall have power aftd authority to hear and determine the fame.

The fore- VL And for the better obfervance of this and of the mentioned faid a&s made in the fourth and fifth years of King William and a&s to be read Queen Maryy and in the faid feventh and eighth years of the publickly ]ate £jng	the juftices of the peace at the gendfcd qiiar-

feXnTaft^r ter	held	after	the	four	airf	twentieth^y

*4June yearly, yearly, (hall caufc the faid feveral a&g to be publickly rtaam open court.

Digitized by

Google



Anno quarto Anna. c. 1.—3.

117

Anno Regni A N N JERegina	.

AT the parliament	fummoned to be held at Weftminfter

the fourteenth day of June, Anno Dom. 1705. in the fourth year of the reign of our	lady Anne,

by the grace of	God, of England, Scotland, France, and

Ireland, Queen,defender of the faith. See. and from thence continued hy fevered prorogations to Ibe five and twentieth day of October, 1705. * and then begun and , thefirfi feffion if this prefentparliament.	XTnineteenth

day of March.

CAP. I.

An aS for exhibiting a bill in this prefent parliament for naturalizing the moft excellent princefs Sophia, ele£irefs and '	dutchefsdowager of Hanover, and the iffue of her body.

EREAS the moft excellent princ Sophia, eleltrefs and Pmcefs So- - -

W1

. . dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the ijjue of her body* are ^y^r^ndher U be naturalized* and by reafon of their being beyond the feas, they {jj^ ^ na-tankot qualify them/elves in order thereto, according to the aft made turalized. in the feventh year of the reign of King James the Firfl, which re- 7 J*c* * • c. »•* quires every perfon to receive the facrament of the Loris fupper9 within one month before any bill for naturalization be exhibited, and alfi take the oaths of fupremacy and allegiance in the parliament boufe9 before his or her bill be twice read: be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this pre-fcnt parliament affenhbled, and by the authority of the fame.

That a bill for the naturalization of the faid moft excellent prin- A bill to be cefs Sophia* eleftrefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the	fo^

iffue of her body, (hall and may be exhibited and brought into	*

this prefent parliament, and twice read; any law, ftatute, matter, or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to her Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in the jear one tboufand feven hundred and fix. E X F. 4 s. in the pound.

CAP. III.

An aft to repeal feveral claufes in the Jlatute made in the third - and fourth years of her prefent Majefty's reign, for ft-* curing the kingdom of England from fever al afts lately paffea in the parliament of Scotland.

THERE AS in a ftatute made in the third and fourth years v VV of her prefent Mqefty's reigny intituled, An act for the ef- 3 & 4 Ann*

la	feftualc*7#



Anno quarto Anna.

3	& 4 Ann®, fe&ual fccuring the kingdom of England frotn the apparent dan-c. 7.	gers that may arife from feveral a<5ts lately pafled in the parlia-’

ment of Scotland, there are claufes contained in thefe words following [that is to fay i)

Natives of H. And be it further enafted by the authority afortfaid+ That Scotland (ex- fifam and after the five and twentieth day ^December, one tboufisnd cept fettled m- faen hundred and five, no perfon or per fins, being a native'or na-Enefand* &c ) iive$ °f kingdom of Scotland (except fitch as are now fettled after a< Dec. inhabitants within the kingdom of England, or the dominions 4ber** 1705,adjudged unto belonging and Jhdil continue inhabitants thereof and fiucb as are aliens, &c.	^ jH firvue in her fi/qjefiy's fleet or army) fiall be capable #4

inherit any lands7 tenements9 or hereditaments within this kingdom of England, or the dominions thereunto belonging, or to enjoy any benefit or advantage of a natural born fubjeft of England; but every fucb perfon Jhall be from thenceforth adjudged and taken as an alien, bom out of the allegiance of the Quein of England, until fuch time as the fucceffion to the crown of Scotland be declared and fettled by an off of parliament in Scotland, in the fame manner the fucceffion to the crown of England is now fettled by aft of parliament 7# England* in cafe of her Majefifs demife without ijfue of her body.

Hdrfta, arms. Ill* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,, Thai §cc, conveyed if any perfon or perfons whatfiever, /hall at qny time from and of-m Scotland, eer twentieth day ^February, one thoufand feven hundred and xqpl?	fmr^ until fucb time as the fucceffion to the crown of Scotland be

- '	declared and fettled by an aft of parliament in Scotland, in like man*

per, as aforefaid, convey or find, or caufi to be conveyed or fint from any parts or place in England or Ireland, any horfts, arms, or am* munition into the kingdom of Scotland, every fuch perfon or per fins fhoti forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and treble the value of fucb horfts, arms, or ammunition5 one third part thereof to too Qrtfetfs mofi excellent majefiy, her heirs and fucceflbrs \ and the other tlrni pdrt thereof to him or them who will fue for the fame in any ‘ '	'	of her Majeftfs courts at Weftminfter, by aftion of debt, fuit, bitty

* ;	plaint, or information, wherein no ejfiin, protection, or wager of law

fbaU'R# " • 1 .

Scotch cattle IV. And be it further enofted by the authority aforefaid. That brought into frm and after the faid five and twentieth day* of December? one torfefted &C* thoufand feven hundred and five, until fuch time as the fucceffion to the crown .of Scotland be declared and fettled by an aft of parliament in Scotland, in like manner, as aforefaid, no great cattle or fheep Jhall te brought out of, or from the kingdom of Scotland, into the kingdom of England or Ireland? dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon. Tweed, under the penalty rf forfeiting all fuch great cattle or fheep to him ' or them who will feixe or fue for the fame, and atfo the value of fucb great cattle or fhetp\ one third part to the Queen's mofi excellent majejly, her heirs and Jumffbrsy and the other two third parts thereof to him qr them who will fue fir the fame, to be recovered as aforefaid.

Cattle fo	V. And be it further enafted. That It fhaH and may be lawful lo

brought may and for any perfon and perfons whatfiever, to take and fiize m any 4daysa&c? place or places whatfiever, the great cattle or fheep brought contrary

Digitized by v^.ooQle

's£5jf»3	Atino	quarto	Attitfc.	c.3.	119

VtT fhitaft into this kingdom ^England or Ireland, dominion of Wales; or'town ^Berwick uponTweed, and detain the fame, during the Jjpace of four dap, in feme pubiick or convenient place where fetch feizure Jball be made, within which time, if the owner dr owners, or any on his or their behalf, Jball make it appear unto fome fetfict of the peace of the fame county where the fame Jhall be fo prized, by the oath of two credible witnrffhs (which oath the /aid jujlice bf the peace is hereby required and mpowered to aimmftrr) that the ffrhe Were not brought from Scotland, after the faii five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand Jeven hundred and five, then the, fame upon the warrant of feuch jujlice JhaU be forthwith re-delivered.

VT. And be it further enabled. That if any Englifh, or other cat- Englifh cattle tie or Jhetp, Jbalfbr, with the privity or knowledge of the owner, or intermixed, jrny perfon employed by him, driven or intermixed, or coufe to be driven forfcitcd*

Or* intermixed with great tattle <A Jheep, brought out of or from Scot-Wnd, and Jhall be feized with them, fetch cattle and Jbeep fo inter-ynixed and feized, Jhall be deemed Scotch cattle, and Jhall be fubjeft to the bike forfeiture, and ordered and dijpojed of in all reflects as if they were brought out if or from Scotland, contrary to this aft; and ff any perfon or perfons JhnU wilfully and fraudulently confpire, cm-federate, or agree together to avoid or evade the feizureS or forfeitures upon the bringing in of cattle in this aft particularly jpecifeei, and the fame Jball put in.execution, thin every feuch perfon andper-fonts being thereof tndifted or presented within one year, next after fetch offence by him or them committed, and being thereof lawfully con-vifted or attainted, at any time hereafter, Jhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and dijlrWuted, as aforefaid.

Vtl. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, TBft p f f -if any a ft ion, fuit, bill^ plaint, or information, Jball be commenced to plead the * or profauted again ft any perfon or perfons for any feizure, or other general iffue. thing done or made in purfuance or Execution of this aft, fetch per-fon or perfons JhaU not bo obliged to give any more than a common appearance, and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or projecut or JhaU became non-flit, or forbear proficution, or fttffrr difcontinuance, or if a Verdi ft fafs agatnfe him in any juth aftion, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, as aforefaid, the defendants Jhall have treble (ofts, for which they Jball have the like remedy as in any cafe where cofts by law are given to the 1defendant.

* VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ScQtch . from and after the few and twentieth day of December, one thoufand imported, for-feven hundred and Jive, until futh time as the fueceffton to the crown feited. * of Scotland be declared and fettled by cm aft of parliament in Scot-\*nA, in like manner, dsafdrefaid, no Scotch coals Jball be imported our of the kingdom of Scotland into the kingdoms of England or Ireland* dominion of Wale*, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the penalty of forfeiting the coals fo imported; one half to the S&ueoffs rfieft excellent majefty, the other half to fiub perfon as Jhall JetZe ot' jue for the fame,

«	I	4	IX.	And



no	Aono	quarto	Am®.	04*	[15053

-	, r	tKiAnd	hi it further enafted by tbe auihmtf ofm/md, ZSfetf

alfo, ' frw tmd after the jaid five and twentieth day tf December,

thcufafld /even hundred and five, until fuchtime as the fuuejfum t? the crown of Scotland be declared and fettled by an aft of partiaaee*t in Scotland, in like manner, as aforefaid+no Scotch linen /hall if imported or brought out of Scotland mtojhe kingdom of England* dominion of Wales, town ^Berwick upon Tweed, or Ireland, » der the penalty of forfeiting the [aid linen, and double the, vahti thereof to be recovered with cofts of fwt in any of her MajeflyU emends of record \ one moiety thereof to the Queen's maiejlyy the other moiety to fuch perfom as Jhall feize^ inform, or fue for the fame..

X.	And whereas, fence the making the faid aft) an aft hath bet* made and pajfed in the parliament of Scotland, for enabling her Majefty to appoint cojnmftfioners to treat with commiffioners for tie kingdom of England, qj 2nd concerning an union of the faid ting* Tbe afbrefaid doms of England and Scotland: now to the end that the good plaijfei repeal- Nand friendly difpofition of this kingdom towards the kingdom 8 of Scotland may appear; be it enadfced by the Queen’s moft ex» cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That the laid claufes be from henceforth abfolutely repealed and vacated to all intents and ' purpofes yrhatfoever,

CAP. IV,

An act for the naturalization of the moft excellent princeft Sophia, eleftrefs and dutebefs dowager of Hanover, and the ijfue of her body.

WHEREAS the imperial crown and dignity of the realms of England, France, and Ireland, and the dominions thereto belonging, after the demife and death of your Majefiy, our mojl graT cious fovereign, without ijfue of your body, is limited by aft of parv	1

liament, to the mofi excellent princefs Sophia, eleftrefs and dutches ftrevager of Hanover, grandaughter of the late King James the *	Fir ft) and the heirs of her body, being prQtefiants: and whereas your

Majefty, by your royal care and concern for the hoppinefi of theft kingdoms^ reigns in the hearts and affeftions of all your people, to thaif great. comfort and fatisfaftion, and will be a glorious example to your royal fucctjfirs in future ages : and to the end the faid prince ft Sophia, eleftrefs and dutebefs dowager of Hanover, and the ijfue of her body, and all perfons lineally defending from her, may be eneour-aged to become acquainted wkb the laws and confutations of this realm, it is juft and highly reafinable^ then they., in your Majefifs life time (whom God long preferve) Jbould be naturalised) and be dfemedrtak~ eft) and efteemed natural born fubjefts of England: we your Ma~ jetty's moft dutiful and loyal ftjbjedts, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, do moft humbly bcfeech your Majefty that it mav be enadted; and • therefore be it enafted by the Queen's moft excellent maiefty,. by and with the advice and ponfent of the lords Ipiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament afiem-



jJUttaijHarto	Amuc.5, 6.iu

Ued, andjfey tlhetrathorityof thefame, That the fiud I prmeefc Sophia,eieftrcis and dutcnefs dowager of	and the iffue Pnnceft So-

ck tier body, and allperfons lineally deicending from her, born Phia of or hereafter to fee born, fee and (hall fee, to all intents and pur- i^natur*^ poles whatfoever, deemed, taken, and efteemed natural born iked, rabjo&s of this kingdom, as if the faid princefs, and the iffue of her body, and all perfons Hnealiy defending from her, bom or hereafter to fee born, had been bom within this realm of hend\ any law, ftatutc, matter, or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding,	.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared ^ fa, by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon and perfons, who to have the fhall be naturalized by virtue of this a<ft of parliament, and (hall benefit become a papift, car profefis the popifh religion, (hall not enjc*’ natura*‘born any benefit or advantage of a natural bom fgbjedt of Englant but every fetch perfon (hall be adjudged and taken as an alien, bom out of - the allegiance of the Queen of England,- to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. V. ^

An ad for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for thefenrke of the year one thouuuid feven hundred and fix. EXP.

CAP. VI.

An act for continuing an additional fubjidy of tonnage and poundage, and certain duties upon culm, arid , and additional duties oftxcije, and for fettling and -blifbing a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities, to be fold far rdifing a further {apply to her Majefty, for the ftrvice of the year one feven hundred and fix, and other ufes therein mentioned.

MAY if pleafe your m»ft excellent Majefty, we your

mofi dutiful and loyal fubjtflsthe commons	England in

parliament affembled, duly ctnfidering your Majefty's great occafmt

for money to carry on the prefent war,	and havwell to the

great burthen of taxes now lying upon your	as	to

the prefent condition of the	publick funds, ana the incum-	.

Prances thereupon, are therefore defrosts, by eafy and effectual

ways and means, as in this aft are expriffed and intended, to raift a

fitm of	money, net exceeding in	the whole, two millions fate hundred

feventy fiat thoufand	feven	htmdftd fixty one pounds, fexteen ,fi**

and two pence, (part of the money neceffary to be provided in this

fejfion of parliament for your Majefty's fitppiy) and fucb further

fiapuf money as will be fuffkient,during the firfi two years of the

‘term herein after mentioned, to compleat the	the annuities

to be	purchafed upon this act\ and have far that end and purpofe,

cheerfully and	unatdmtuftygiven and granted, and do by this aft pvt

and grant unto your Majefty the fubfidy eft tonnage and poundage Tonnage and

Upon wines, goods, and mtrebemdizes, ana the feverol duties upon poundage, up.

coal) cult*) and cynders, and open beer, cyder, and other liquors	&c‘

*

Digitized by

Google

9 & io W. 3. c. *3.

New Subfidy.

1 Annas, flat.

i.c. 7.

a k 3 Annas, c. 9.

One third fubfidy.

• AriAo quarts AimM.	[i^o£.

Ihkreafter in this aft mentioned* for fuch fever al and r effective terfrtsf and to commence at or from filth refpeftive days and times, and to ftp paid and payable in Jueh manner and forms a* in this aft Ore after** wards exprefiedt (that is to fay) whereas by an aft made and pajfid ht the ninth yean of the reign of his late majefiy King Williattt the Third, of glorious memory, (intituled\ An a€t for granting to hrs Mtirfy a further fubfidy of torinage and poundage, towards railing the yearlv ftlrtt Or fetch hundred thoufand pounds, for the feivice of his Majefty'd hOufhold,* aftd other dfes thereto mentioned, during his Majefty’s life) it was enabled. That ev*r and above the Jubfidies, impojitionsand other duties therein mentioned* there Jhould be raifed and paid to his Majefiy, one other fubfidy eplhj& tonnage, for and upon all wines which from and after the fdft dap' W January, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety mi nine, at driy time btod times, during his Mdjefifslife, fimli tie imported or brought into the kingdom of Ehghthd, dominion ofWales, or toum of Berwick 'upon Tweed; and one farther fubfidy -eedM poundage of all manner of goods and merchandises imported* & %fdkgfk into this realm, or any his Majefiy's dominions to the Jam'hthdgtkg, at any time or times' after thei fold lafi day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety tint, during his May eft ft life, byWayofmeP-ebandize {except fuch goods and merchandizes as are therein excepted) and with fuch abatements, regulations± directions for making repay-meats or allowances upon exportation} and fubjeft so fiub rules and other matters and things touching the /aid fever al fubjidiesfas in the lafi-meritioned aft are exprejfed; which fatd further ftdfidlies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchant dizes, granted by the aft above recited, one to bo raifed and paid to her Majefiy, during her life, by virtue of another aft of parliament mode and, pajfed m the firfi year of her reign, (intituled* An a& for the better fupport of her Majefty’s houfhold, and the honour and dignity of the crown:) and whereas by an aft made and pajfed in the fitond year of her Majefiy's reign, (intituled, An a A for granting to her Majefty an additional fubfidy of tonnage* arid poundage for three years, and for laying a further duty upoft French wines condemned as lawful prize, and for ascertaining this ralues of unrated good# imported from the Eafi Indies) it was enafted. That there Jhould be raifed, levied, collected, paid andfatis-fied unto her Majefiy one other fubfidy called tonnage, for and upon aU Wines which from and after the eighth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and three, at any time or times within or during the fpdee of three years front thetite next and immediately enfuing, Jhould be imported or brought into thfkingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwickupon Tweed 3 (that is to fay) one third part of fuch or the like fever al and refpec-five duties as by the five afts lafi rethed or mentioned, Or either of them, were impofei oT payable for or upon any kindof wine dr wines Yefpeftivcly: and one other fubfidy called poundage cf alt manner of goods and merchandizes to be imported' or brought into this realm, ot any her Majefiy't dominions to the fame belonging, at any time dr times after the fend eighth day of March, one thoufand /even hundred and

Digitized by

Google

Anno quarto Ann#. 6.	123

three j during tie fed term of three years, by way of merchandize $

{that is to fe) one third part of fuck or the like feveral and refpettive duties as by the fed two arts lafl before recited or mentioned> or either of them, are impofed or payable for or upon the fame goods and mer1 ehandizes refpettively, (except feb goods and other merchandizes as by the fed two atls lap-mentioned, or either of them, are exempted from payment of the fvbfeiet thereby granted) as in and by the fed feveral afts (relation being thereunto refpectively had) may more fully appear; now we your Majefty*{S ft id dutiful and. loyal fubje&s the commons in parliament aflfeipblcd, for the ends and purpofes a-forefaid, do moil humbly befeech your Majefty, that k may be tna&ed; and be it enadted by the Queen’s moil excellent ma-jcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lQrds fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That over and above the fub- Tonna_e &c# tidies of tonnage and poundage above-mentioned, and over and 2 Ann*, con-" ^bove all other fubfidies, additional duties, impofitions, and tinued from s payments whatfoever, by any adt or adls of parliament, or o- March, 1706 therwife howfoever already due or payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for or upon any 0f ' wines, goods, and merchandizes whatfoever imported orf to he 40000/. per imported, there (hall be continued, and be raifed, levied, collected, ann' °ftbe paid, apd fatisfied unto her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for "jfff and upon all wines which from and after the eighth day of aajet 6 March, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand Ann*,c, 5. f. (even hundred and fix, at any timd of times, within or during *• the term of ninety and eight years from thence next and imme«* diatejy enfuing, and fully to be compleat and ended, (hall be imported or brought into the kingdorti of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fame or. the like ^bisduty made fubfidy of tonnage, as by the faid a<5t of the fecond year of her perpetual by Majefty’s reign was charged or impofed, for or upon any kind of 1 Geo* * d. 2. wine or wines whatfoever; (that is to fay) one third part of fuch /^L*\ qJ* or the like feveral and refpqctive duties, as by the (aid adt of the third partf&c. ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, were granted to him 9 & 10 W. 5, during his life, and by the faid adt of the firft year ot her Ma- c- *3-jefty’s reign, are continued to her during her Majefty’s life, for or upon any kind of wine or wines refpedlively, and for and upon ail manner of goods and merchandizes, which from and after the faid eighth day of March, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feVen hundred and fix, at any time or times within or during the faid term of ninety and eight years,

(hall be imported or brought into this realm, or any her Majefty’s dominions, to the fame belonging, by way of merchandize, there (hall be continued, raifed, levied, collected, paid, and fatisfied to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, the fame or the like fubfidy of poundage, as by the faid a<ft of the fecond year of her Majefty’s reign was laid or impofed, for or upon any goods or merchandizes whatfoever; (that is to fay) one third part of fuch or the like feveral and refpedhve duties, as by the 9 & 10 W. 3. faid adt of the ninth year of hvs faid late Majefty’s reign, were c*

granted

Digitized by

Google

i Annae, ftat.

i.c. 7.

Except fach as are exempted foompayineitt.

Drawbacks, &c. allowed by this att. a A 3 Anns, c. 9.

Duties how railed.

9 & 10 W. 3. c. *3.

lAnnfe.ftat.i. c, 7.

9 Sc 3 Amiss, c. 9*

Claufes to be obferved in colle&ing the fubfidy.

Duty on Currans from Venice, exempted 3 Annas, c. 5.

This claufe explained by $ Annas, c*ii-fi.au

Anno quarto ANNS. C.6. fijflij.'

granted to him Airing his Efe, and by the fiidad'of the f&fl? year of her Majefty’s reign, are continued during her Majeftv’s me, for or upon the fame goods and merchandizes refpeifivdy, (except fuch goods and other merchandizes, as by the (aid fuo-fidy ads made in the ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, and in the firft and fecond years of her now Maief^s reign, or any of them, are exempted from payment of tne laid fubfidies thereby granted.)

- II. And it is hereby enaded, That in all cafes where‘byAr laid fubfidy ad of the fecond year of her Majefty’s reign, ot by any general or particular claufes therein contained, any dratir-backs or abatements of the whole, or any part of the duties thereby granted, or any other allowances whatfoever, are appointed to be made or given in refped of the fubfidy thereby granted, there (hall be in the like cafes refpedtively the fame, of the like drawbacks and abatements of the whole or part of the dories by this ad granted, and other allowances made and given m refped of the fubfidy hereby impofed; and that the faid fe-veral fubfidies and duties by this ad payable, during the conti-’ nuance thereof, and all arrearages of the feme, (hall be raifed,< levied, colleded, fecured and paid by the fame ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and fabjed to fuch rules and directions as in and by the faid fubfidy ads of the ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, and of the firft and fecond years of her now Majefty’s reign, or by any 'general, relative, or particular claufes, or words therein, or in any of them contained, and now in force, are preferibed or appointed, touching or concerning the faid feveral fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, which were thereby refpedfvely granted, as aforefaid ; and that fo much of the faid filbfidy ad of the fecond year of her Majefty’s reign, and fuch of the branches and claufes therein contained, or thereby referred unto, as do concern only the filbfidy of tonnage and poundage thereby

Santed, (being'one third part of the fubfidies granted by the d former ads, as aforefaid) and are now in force, (hall bd ufed, exercifed, put in pradice, and obferved, in and for the railing, levying, colleding, and anfwering the fubfidies and duties hereby before granted, as folly and effedually as if the feme were again particularly and at large repeated and re-enaded id the body of this prefent ad.

. III. And it is hereby declared and enaded/That the exception contained in* the ad of the third year of her Majeftjri reign, intituled, An act for granting to her Majefty a further Jub* fidy on wines and merchandizes imported^ whereby currans imported in EngliJhAswAt (hipping, navigated according to the laws then in force, are exempted from the duties thereby granted; {hall be extended to all fiich currans as after the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven » hundred and fix, (hall be imported in {hips belonging to any of the fubjeds of the rei 1 publick of Venter > fo that they alfo (half be exempted from pay-

*	went



125

ment of the fubfidy granted by that adf, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And her Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the Duties on commons, in parliament aflembled, do alfo humbly befeech cuI™» . her Majefty that it may be enadled $ and be it enadted by the au- fromi^May, thority aforefaid, That all fuch and the like impofitions, rates 1708. to 30	■

and duties whatsoever, as in and by an adf of parliament made Sept. 1710. and parted in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty 9 * 10 W. 3. King William the Third, (intituled. An acf for granting to bis c’

Majejly feveral duties upon coal and culm) were charged and im-pofed upon the feveral forts of coals and culm therein mentioned, for the term of five years, which commenced from the fifteenth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, and the duty and duties upon cynders, which in and by an adt made and parted in the parliament hold-en at Wejlminjler, in the tenth and eleventh years of his late Majefty’s reign (intituled. An act fer laying further duties upon W fleets, and for I evening the duties as well upon vinegar, as upon certain low wines, and whale finSy and the duties upon brandy importedy and for the more eafy raifmg the duties upon leathery and for charging cyndersy and for permitting the importation of pearl ajhesy and for preventing abufes in the brewing of beer and aley and frauds in importation of tobacco) were charged or impofed upon fuch cynders as are therein mentioned, for four years, commencing from the fifteenth day of Mnyy in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, which feveral duties upon coals, culm, and cynders were by an adt made in the firft year of her now 1 Ann*, ftm Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An act for continuing the duties upon *. c. 4. coals ^ culmy and cynders) continued from the fourteenth day of Majy in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and three, until the fifteenth day of Mayy which (hall be in the year o£ our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight (charcoals made of wood being always excepted) (hall by force and virtue of this adl be further continued from the fourteenth day of May9 in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, until the thirtieth day of September, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ten, for the purpofes in this adt exprefled, and (hall, during all that time and term, be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, for and upon all fuch and the like forts of coals, culm, and cynders, as by the faid former adts fouching the fame, or any of them, were chargeable, in fuch manner and form, and according to fuch rules, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as by the fame former adte touching coals, culm, and cynders, or the duties thereof, or any of them, were preferibed for or concerning the duties thereby granted or continued.	t.

V.	And it is hereby enadted, That the faid adt (intituled, Claufes, &c. An act for granting to his Majejly feveral duties upon coals and culm) hi former adti and fo much of the faid adt for laying duties upon fweets, and	*or

other things, as concerns the faid duty upon cynders, and ah	this

and every the powers, authorities, rules, diredtions, penalties,

% ~	and



Anno quarto. AmtiE. c. 6.



9 & 10 w.and forfeitures, claufes, matters* and thing* tftefem contained*

c. 13,

I

Anns, c. 6..

c&SW .ic

M. c. 7. Excite on beer, ale, &c. to be paid

now beirtg in force, for governing, managing, raifi&g, levy-} ing* fecuring, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for the duties upon coals, culm, and cynders, by the faid former a&$ granted or rontinued, during the faid feveral terms therein mentioned, (hail be and are by force and virtue of this prefent a£t revived, and (hail be in full force, and be duly obferved* pra&ifed, and put in execution, in and for the governing, managing, raifing, levying, fecuring, cohering, receiving, paying, and accounting for the duties upon coals, culm, and cjnt-ders, by this ait granted, for and during die term hereby granted of and in the fame, and all arrearages thereof, as fully amt effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feme powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties* and forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, were again expreffed, and particularly repeated and ro-ena&ed in the body of this prefect aft. '

VI. And whereat in and by a certain ad of parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of their late majefties King WiHiam and Queen Mary, (intituled* An a6k for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties upon fair, and upon beer, ale, and other from 17 May, liquors, for fecuring certain recompenccs and advantages in thfc 1713. during f^d aCf mentioned, to fuch perfons as (hall voluntarily advance Vla&ixrutual1^ ^unQ ten hundred thoufand pounds, towards Carrying on h 1 GeoTi. the war againft France) certain rates and duties of excife therein fiat. ». c. i*. mentioned* for and upon beer* ale* vinegar, vinegar bett* mum* fc&. s. and part cyder* perry, brandy* /pints* aqua vitae, metheglin, and other £-eate*foal!/-	therein exprtjjii* were granted or made payable to their find late

*	. ’	Majflies* their heirs and fiucejfors*	for and during the term of fix-

teen pears* which commenced from the fevent tenth day of May, which was in ibe year cf our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety /even* and feveral annuities therein mentioned, were thereby made payable to Jucb perfons as Jhould contribute monies upon the fame aft* their executors, adminiftrators* and affigns rejpeftively* oat of the fund thereby provided* and charged upon the duties of fait* and the faid duties of excife* thereby granted for a certain term of fixtetn fears* which will expire at the feaft of St. Michael the archangel* which Jhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand [even hundred and ten* or at the end of twenty days then next enfinng* as by the aft loft before recited (relation being thereunto had) may morefully appears now her Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal uibje&s, the commons in parliament affembted, do likewife humbly befeech your Ma-jefty that it may be ena<5ted j and be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the feventeenth day of May* which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and thirteen, there (hall be within and throughout her Ma-jefty’s kingdom of England* dominion of Wales* and town cf Bcnvick upcn Tweed* railed,levied, collected, and paid unto her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and during tfie fpace and term of ninety five years, from thence next and inrrinedi-atdy enftung, and fully to be compleat and ended, for beer, ale, cyder, and other liquors herein after expreffed, by way of ex*

cife,



1705 } Anno quarto	C.$.	127

die, over atjd above all duties* charges, and impositions, by apy former z& or a<£ts of parliament fet or irapofed, the fevers*! rates and duties of excife herein after exprefled : (that is to fay)

VII.	For every barrel of beer or ale above fix Shillings the

barrel, exclufiveof the duty of exdfe, brewed by the common	or

brewer, or any other perfon or perfons, who doth or (hall fell ale above 6s.

tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the (excife exclu-common brewer, or by fuch other perfon or perfons refpeaive- “ve*) *d.

Jy> and fo proportionably for a greater or leuer quantity, over ^nd above the duties payable for the fame, nine pence.

VIII.	For every barrel of beer or ale of fix (hillings the bar- Every barrel, rel, or under, "brewed by the common brewer, or any other &c* °f perfon or perfons, who mall fell or tap out beer or ale publicklv undcr> *d# or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by fuch

other perfon or perfons reipe&ively, as aforefaid, and fo propor-tionably for a greater or lefler quantity, over and above the duties payable for the fame, three pence.

IX.	For every barrel of vinegar, or vinegar beer, or liquors Barrel of vine-

preparing for vinegar, which Audi be brewed or made ot any ^ce* 2#% gq&Iij/b or foreign materials, by any perfon pr perfons whatfo- made for^ ever, for fale, and fo in proportion for a greater pr teller quan- pickles for tity (over and above the other duties of excife payable for the fale, is to pay fame) two (hillings and four pence, to be paid by the maker g^njB c thereof.	8 Ann*, c. 7.

X.	For every barrel of beer, ale or mum imported from be- Btnelof jood the feas, or from the iflands of Guemfsy, or Jerfty, and mum, beer, to proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by ale, &c. im-the importers before landing, over and above the duties payable P01*^ **• for the fame, three (billings.

XI.	For every tun of cyder or perry imported from beyond Cyder, &c. the feas, and lb proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity,

to be paid by the importer before landing, over and above the ** duties payable for the fame, four pounds.

XII.	For every gallon of (ingle brandy, fpirits or aqua vita, Singlebrandy,

imported from beyond the feas, to be paid by the importer be- fPint8> &c* fore landing, over and above the duties payable for the fame, two (hillings.	Pc »

XIII.	lor every gallon of brandy, fpirits or aqua vita* above brandy, (pi-

proof^ commonly called double brandy, imported from beyond rits,&c.aboi the feas, to be paid by the importer before landing, over and ar proof,import-bove the duties payable for the fame, four (hillings*	gallon.**^

XIV.	For all cyder and perry made and fold by retail, upon Cyder, &c.

every hogfhead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, over ana a- fold by retail, bove the duties payable for the fame, and fo proportionably forto P*y3d# a greater or lefler meafure, one (hilling and three pence.	per hogthead.

. XV. For all mefheglin or n^ead made for fale, whether by Metheglin, xetail qr otherwifo, to be paid by the maker, for every gallon,

three pence.

is.

»ve

XVI. And be it enaxftod by the authority aforefaid, That the Duties on laid feveraf fates* duties and impatitions upon beer, ale, cyder, beer, ale^&c. and q;1^ liquor* s^rtdaid,, apdtdl arrearage? thereof* be ratted,how levi#d*

.	levied.



Anno quarto Ann A. c.6.	[ i	705*

levied, collected, and paid unto her Majefty, her heirs and fuc-ceffors, during the faia fpace and term of ninety five years, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch power of mitigation, and other powers, as the like or the faid duties of excite granted by the faid a dt of the fifth year of their late Majefties reign are thereby or by any other aft or adts, or law whatfoever, for or concerning any the duties of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, now in force, enadted or appointed to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, during the remainder of the faid term of fixteen years therein granted, and that lb much of the faid adt of tne fifth year of their late Majefties reign, as concerns only the faid duties of excife, and of die faid other laws of excife relating thereunto, as are now in force for the railing, levying, collecting, and anfwering the faid duties of excife granted in the fifth year of their late Majefties reign, lhall be continued, and revived, and be pradtifed, put in execution, and obferved, in and for the railing, levying, col-5 &6W.&M. ledting, and anfwering the laid duties of excife, by this a A c. 7*	granted, for and during the faid term of ninety five years, and

all arrearages thereof, for the purpofes in this adt exprefled, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly and at large re-enadted in the body of this prefent adt.

For payment XVII. And to the intent that a good, fure, and lafting fecuri-of the annuu, ty and fund may be fettled and eftablilhed, for the conftant pay-ties,	ment of all the annuities to be purchafed upon this adt; be it

the monies further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies arifing by this ariling from time to time, by or for the faid fubfidies of tonnage and poundage upon wines, goods, and merchandizes by this ad granted, and by or for the faid feveral and refpedtive duties and impolitions by this adt continued, for or upon coals, culm, and cynders, and by or for the faid feveral duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, or by or for any other duties by this adt granted or continued, and every of them (the neceflary charges of managing, railing, levying, collecting, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the faia feveral fubfidies, rates, impolitions, and other duties only excepted) lhall, from time to time, from the refpedtive commencements of the faid fubli-dies, rates, impolitions, and other payments refpedtively, and for and during the feveral terms or times therein feverally granted or intended to be granted by this adt, be brought and paid by the refpedtive commiflioners, receivers general, pr fuch perfons as for the time being lhall have the receipt thereof, as the famd lhall be raifed (who are hereby required and enjoyned to bring to be paid into and pay the fame accordingly) into the receipt of the Exche^ the Exchequer quer, for the purpofes in this adt exprefled, diftindtly and fepa-5&6W.&M. rately from all other monies whatfoever, that are or lhall be c*7*	payable by them into the faid receipt ; and that all the monies

to arife by virtue of the faid adt of the fifth year of their faid late Majefties reign, of or for the faid duties of excife thereby granted, after the laid lottery annuities therein mentioned lhaft

be



tyo^l Anno quarto Amhje. c.6'.	129

be paid off, or (uiffieient money (hall be referved in the Exchequer for paying off the fame, (hall in like manner, from time to time, be brought and paid into the receipt of Exchequer, for the purpofes in this alt exprefled, diftin&ly and apart, as afore-fiid ; and the refpdtive commiffioners and receivers general of the (aid feveral impofitions, rates, fubiidies, and other duties hereby required to be paid into the receipt of Exchequer, as a-forefaid, (hall make or caufe to be made the payments thereof ihto the faid receipt of Exchequer, according to the true meaning of this alt, weekly; to wit, on Weimjdoy in every week, Weekly, if it bfe not an holyday; and if it be, then on the next day after that is not an holyday.

XVIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, And entred That there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the audi- aPart#

twr of the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer, one or more books, in which all the monies hereby appointed to be paid in weekly, as aforefaid, and which (hall be brought to the faid receipt, (hall be entred apart and diftinlfc from all other monies paid into the faid receipt, on any other account* whatfoever.

XIX.	And to the end all the monies by this alt appropriated officers to be for payment of the annuities to be purchafed upon this alt, appointed for may be duly and certainly raifed and brought into the receipt of raifiog the Exchequer for that purpofe; it is hereby further enalted. That dutie*‘ from time to time, during the continuance of this alt, there

(hall be continued or appointed commiffioners, receivers general, comptrollers, colleltors, and other proper officers for rai-fing the feveral duties by this alt granted, and for keeping the accounts of the fame; and that the refpeltive commiffioners or	'

chief managers thereof, (hall from time to time weekly compute and afeertain the monies of each branch of the faid duties hereby granted or continued, which ought to be paid into the Exchequer on every IVednefday, or on the fubfequent day, not being an holiday, as aforefaid ; and that all commiffioners, re- Penalties on ceivers general, comptrollers, colleltors, and other officers, negldt. who are or (hall be concerned in the managing, raffing, levying, receiving, collelting, or paying the fame, or in keeping the accounts thereof, (hall perform their feveral and refpeltive duties therein, as to them refpeltively (hall appertain, under fuch and the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, for any offence or neglelt therein, or for detaining, diverting, or mif-applying any part of the faid monies, as arc preferibed, and to be inflilted by virtue of an alt of parliament made and pafied in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty King William the Third, (intituled. An act for raifing a J'utn not ex- 9 & »°	3.

aiding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after the c* 44‘ rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies) for the like offence or neglelt in relation to the duties upon fait, and upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, thereby granted, or for detaining, diverting, or	,

miftpplying any part of the monies which v/ere granted by the* alt laft mentioned.

Vol. XI.	K	XX.	And

Digitized by

Google

i jo	Anno qaarto Ahnj». c+ S. P1705*

The monies XX, And it is hereby ensued and declared by the authority anting by this afore faid, That all the monies anting of or for the faidleveret general fbnd! fob^ies tonnage and poundage, and of or for the faid dt*-* $cc. and not to ties of coals, culm, and cynders, and the faid feveral rates and be diverted, duties of efccife by this ait appointed to be paid into the receipt under penalty, of the Exchequer, from time to time, as aforefaid, together with the fum of two hundred and eighty thoufand pounds, (part of the comribntion-fnonies to be referred and applied as is herein after mentioned) or fo much of the faid lubfidies, rates, irapofitions, duties, and contribution-money, as (hallbt fufficient for anfwering the full and due payment of all the annuities to* be purchafed upon this a&, from time to time, ac* Cording to the true meaning thereof, is, are,, and fhall be the general fund for payment of the fame, and fhall be charged therewith, and liable thereunto, and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, orpurpofe whatfoever, under the penalties, forfeitures, and dilabilities in this ad exprefied. Sum to be XXI. And for the railing any fum and fum$ of money, not •raifed. exceeding in the whole the fum of two millions eight hundred fifty five thoufand (even hundred fixty one pounds, fixteen (hillings, and two pence, (that is to fay) two millions five hundred feventy five thoufand feven hundred fixty one pounds, fixteea How applied, (hillings, and two pence thereof, for carrying on the prefer* war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, and two hundred and eighty thoufand pounds, refidue thereof, to be applied* together with the produce of the faid fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, for or towards the making good or compleating the quafr terly payments herein after mentioned, to incur and grow due on and before the five and twentieth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and eight; it is hereby Any perfons further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may advance may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or fo-the faid fum, reigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance* and pay into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer, for her Majefty’s ufe, at or before the refye&ive days and times in this a<5t limited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money not for purchafing exceeding in the whole, the faid fum of two millions eight annuities for hundred fifty five thoufand (even hundred fixty one pounds, ninety nine fixteen (hillings, and two pence, for purchafing any annuity or the?* *itm annu,tles> to be and payable during the full term of ninety fifth of March n*nc years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth day df 1706, at fif- March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred teen years and and fix, at the rate of fifteen years and an halPs purchase, an halt pur- which rate doth amount to the fum of one hundred fifty five for 10L per Pounds for every fuch annuity of ten pounds per annum, and annum. proportionably for any greater annuity; and the fame rate or confideration-money is hereby appointed to be paid into the laid receipt, at or before the refpeftive days and times herein after-ncy hoVpaid. incnt*onc<l, (that is to fay) one fourth part thereof, on or before the firft day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix; one other fourth part thereof, on or be?

fore



*7°5*1

Anoo quarto Ann c.



fore the firft day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoofand ®y *• feven hundred and fix j one other fourth part thereof, on or be- ^sotuhSea fore the one and thirtieth day of Auguj in the year of our company may Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix j and the remaining take in thefe fourth part thereof, on or before the firft day of November, in annuities the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix: all	n<rt

which annuities fo to be purchased, (hall not exceed in tbe,g+H,i.1+s. whole, the fum of one hundred eighty four thoufand two bun- per annum, dred forty two pounds, fourteen (hillings annum, and (hall be paid and payable at the four moft ufual feafts, or days of Times of pay-payment in the year; (that is to fay) die feafts of the nativity meat, of Saint John Baptift, Saint Mitbael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrift, and the annunciation of the blefled virgin Mary, by even and equal portions} the firft payment thereof to be made at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thouland feven hundred and fix.

XXII.	And it is hereby enaded, That in the offices of the Contributors

auditor of the receipt, ana clerk of the pells in the Exchequer n*®*5 *?'** feveraUy, there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in en *	*

which there (hall be fairly entred the names of all who /hall be contributors, and of all perfons by wbofe hands the faid eontri- and alio the butors (hall pay in any of the (aia fums upon this ad, and al(b fum* P4*4* the fums fo paid, and the times when the fame are refpedively

paid; to which book it (hall be lawful for the refpedjve contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, to have refort, andto iofped the fame without fee or reward.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, The annuities That all and every the annuities whatfoever, which (hall be bow charged, purchafed upon, or in purfuance of this prefent ad, (hall be,

and are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable from time to time in the firft place, and with preference to all other payments whatfoever, out of the monies arifing from time to time* of and for the fifid feveral fubfidies of tonnage and poundage* impofitions upon coals, culm, and cynders, and the faid feveral rates and duties of excife, and all and every other duty and duties, fum and fums of money whatfoever, by this ad appointed to be brought and paid into the receipt of Exchequer, aa aforefaid, and every of them, and alfo out of the faidTurn not exceeding two hundred and eighty thoufand pounds by this ad allowed to be contributed for or towards the making good or compleating the quarterly payments for the firft two years, as aforefaid, and (b much of the faid feveral fubfidies, duties, im-politions, rates, fum and fums of money fo appointed by this ad, to be brought or paid into the Exchequer, and fo much of the faid fum not exceeding two hundred and eighty thoufand pounds, allowed by this ad to be contributed for this purpofe, as aforefaid, as are and (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and difeharge all the annuities to be purchafed upon this ad, according to the purport and true meaning of the fame, are and (hall be, by virtue of this ad, appropriated and applied, to and for the • K 2	Satisfying





Overplus-monies, if any, difpofcable by parliament.

Contributors to have fure eftates in the-"annuities pur chafed by them free from taxes.

And to have tallies, &c.

Ariho quarto AKNm. c.; 6.	[ i jag.

fatisfymg and difeharging of the fame annuities accordingly, and (hall be ifliied, difpofed, &nd applied to that ufe, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; any thing in this or any other aft of parliament contained, or any other matter or thine whatfoever to the contrary notwithftandmg.

XXIV.	Provided always, That if at the end of the faid firft two years of the faid term of nfnety nine* years, there (hall bd an overplus remaining'in the receipt of the Exchequer of the faid duties andcontribution-monies, or any of them, bythi* sift appointed for the payment of the faid annuities, which (hall be more than what (hall have been fufficient to difeharge all the quarterly payments of the faid annuities, until,' and for the quarter to end at Lady-day; one thoufand feven hundred and eight; or if at the end of any fubfequent year of the faid term of ninety nine* years* the monies brought into the Exchequer within fuch year of the faid feveral fubfiaiesv impofitions, rates; duties, and monies by this aft appropriated for payment of the faid annuities, purfuant to this aft, (hall exceed all the monies then due for or upon the faid annuities, and all arrearages thereof, then or at any time or times before that time incurred, fo that there (hall be an overplus remaining in the Exchequer; fuch overplus-monies (hall be difpofable from time to time for the publick ufe and fervice by authority of parliament, and net otherwife; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.	J

- XXV. And be it further enafted by the authority afofefaid. That all and every contributor and contributors upon this aft, duly paying the confideration »or purchafe-money at the rate aT forefaid, * at or before the refpeftive days and times in this aft limited in that behalf, for any fuch annuity or annuities, as a-forefaid, or fuch as he, (he or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and afligns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this aft, to have, receive, and enjoy the refpeftive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed out or the monies by this aft appropriated or appointed for the paytnept thereof during the faid whole term of ninety nine years* as is above-mentioned ; and .that all and every fuch purchafers, their executors, adminiftrai-tors, and afligns refpeftively, (hall have-good and fure eflates and interefts in the feveral annuities fo by them to be purchafed, according to the tenor and true meaning of this aft; and that all the faid annuities to be purchafed upon this aft, and every of them, during the term aforefaid, (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted bv the authority aforefaid. That every contributor upon this aft tor any annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, upon payment of the confideration or purchafe-'money for the fame, at the rate aforefaid, or any part or proportion thereof, within the lime or times in this aft limited in that behalf, (hall immediately have one or more tally or^taUies

levied,

Digitized by

Google

1705-] Anno quarto Annje. c. ft	133?

levied, importing the receipt of fo much confideratiori-money as (hall be io paid, and upon payment of all the purchafe-mo-ney forany fuch annuity or annuities at the rate aforefaid, every > fuch contributor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or affigns rfc(pe<ftive]y, (hall have an order for»paying of the faid annuity an(J ar^tn for and auiuities, for and during the faid term of ninety nine years; payment which order (hall be figned by the freafurer and under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the trekfurv for the time being, and after the figning thereof, the fame (half be firm9 good, valid, aixLeflfcftual in the law,* according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this a£t, and (hall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treafurer or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commimoner or commiffioners of the treafury, or by or upon the determination of the power, office, or offices of them, or any of them ; nor (hall any lord high treafurer of England, -treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commifiioners of the trea-. No lord treafury now or for thctimeheing, nave power to revoke, coun-	t^cto	•

termand or. make void fuch orders fo figned, as aforefaid, or fame, any of them.

* XXVII. And for the encouragement of the contributors to 61. percent, advance and pay forthwith into thei receipt of the Exchequer, allowed lor the fums by them intended to be advanced upon this aft, it is provided and enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every May,’ 1.706. mch contributor who (hall advance and pay into the (aid receipt of Exchequer, all or any part of the purchafe-money payable for any fuch annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, before the laid firftday of Afay^ in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators,: or affigns, (hall be allowed and paid out of the contribution* money arifing by this adt, intereft after the rate of fix pounds ferantum per annum, for the prompt payment of the money fo advanced, from the time of the a&ual advancing and paying the (am*, until the faid firft day of Afoy, one thoufand feven hundred and fix.	>•

' XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may Annuities af-be lawful to and forany contributor or contributors, his, her, finable, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, at any time or tfkn^s, during the continuance of his, her, or their term, eftate, or intereft of andin any annuity to be purchafed upon this a&, by any writing under hand and feal, or by his or her laft will in writing, to affign or devife fuch annuity, or any part thereof, or any, intereft therein,- to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and tototies queries^ and no fuch alignment to-be revocable, fo as an entry or memorandum of fuch aflignment or will be made an<l entrY tf> in books to be kept for that purpofe in tne faid office of the au- bc made* &c* ditor of the receipt, within the fpace of three months after fuch alignment or death of the deyifor, and that upon producing fuch affignment or will, or probat thereof in the faid office of receipt, to bc entred, as aforefaid, the party fo producing the tunc* fliill bring therewith an affidavit taken before one or more

K 3	of

Digitized by

134*	Anno	quarto	Ann/e.	c.	6.	[1705.

of her Mafcfty** juftices of the peace of the doe execution of Affidavits to the faid amgnment or will 5 which affidavit (hall be feverally be filed. filed in the faid office* which faid eritry or memorandum, the In default of proper officers in the faid receipt of Exchequer, are hereby re-eftto?uircd 10 tnakeaccordinglyand to file the laid affidavits 5 and executors, &c.m default of fuch affignment or devife by deed or will, the inr tereft of fuch contributor (hall go to his or her executors or ad-miiyftrators.

Guardians XXIX. And it is hereby enafted, That it (hall and may be may purchafe lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofal ot the for infants, money of any infant under the age of one and twenty years, c#	for the ufe and benefit of fuch infant, to advance and pay the

fum of one hundred fifty five pounds of the money of fuch infant, to purchafe ah annuity upon' this aft, for the benefit of fuch infant, and the (aid guardian or truftee, as to the faid fum of ode hundred fifty five pounds, fo advanced, is hereby dif-charged.	;

Exchequer XXX. And be it further enafted, for the better encourage-* officers to take ment of perfons to advance the monies on this aft, That afl fat on pc- receipts and iffues, and all other things directed by this aft to be eaJty,. • performed in the Exchequer, (hall be done ana performed, by the officers there, without demanding or receiving, direftly or indireftly, any fee, gratuity, or reward for the fame; and iq cafe any of tne officers of the Exchequer, (hall take or demand arty fuch fee or reward, or (hall divert or mifapply any of the monies of the faid duties, or monies hereby appropriated* or any part thereof, which fhould make good the payment of the faid annuities, or (hall pay or iflue out the fame Qtherwife than according to the intent of this aft, or (hall not keep books and regifters, and make entries, and do and perform all other things, which by this aft they are required to perform, every fuch officer (hall forfeit bis office, and be for the future unca-pable of any office or place of truft, and (hall anfwer and pay treble damages, with cofts of fuit, to every contributor or per-fon who (hall be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by aftioft of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any 6f her Majefty’s courts of record at Wtjhnwfter, wherein no efloin, protection^ privilege of parliament, or other privilege, wager of law, injunction, order of rpftraint, or more than one imparlance (halt '	be granted or allowed ; and in the faid aftion the plaintiff upoij

Plaintiff to	recovery, (hall have his full cofts; one third part of which fom

have full cofts. t0 recovered for damages, (hall be to the ufe of her Majeftyj ber heirs and fucceflors ; and the other two third parts, with In cafe of col- cofts, (hall b* to ufe of the profecutor ; and in cafe lufion, any there (hall be any collufion, or faint profecution between thq other contri- plaintiff and defendant in fuch aftion, it (hall be lawful for any butor may other contributor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, of tionS an aC*	f°	bring	another	aftion,	wherein	he	or foe (hall reco-

lon’	ver, as aforefard, to the like ufes, as aforefaid.

No purchafe, XXXI. Provided always, That no perfoni or perfons what-founhbc* ^0€ver or purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to pur-



*705*]	Anno	quart*)	Annjs.	c.	6.

*35

chafe or obtaift saty annuity whatfoever upon this a<ft, ufrlefs the paid by i whole, or one fourth part at Ieaft of the confideration-money May, l7°6* 'for the faste, at fuch rate, as afbrefaid, be advanced and paid	•

into the laid receipt of Exchequer, on or before the faid firft day of ALw, one thoufand feven hundred and fix.

XXXII.	Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor, as One fourth wfbreliud, who fltall on or before the faid firft day of Mayt one advanced, and chouGmd feven hundred and fix, have advanced one fourth part the reft not of his or her purchafe-money, or his or lier executors, admini- tbifeked.' fcatora, or afligns, do not advance and nay into the receipt of

die Exchequer, one other fourth part ot his or her confideration-money fo to he paid for fuch refpe&ive annuity or annuities, as afbrefaid, on or bcforethe faid firft day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nx; and one other fourth part thereof, on or before the faid one and thirtieth day of	one thoufand feyen hundred and fix $ and the re-

maining fourth part thereof, on or before thp laid firft day of jNovember^ in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fix; died and in cvenr fuch cafe refpe&jvely, no order (hall be drawn or figned for luch refpeAive annuity, for which the confideration-money lhall not be fully paid, as aforefaid; but io much of the con(kkratioa-money as (hall have been actually paid into the receipt of the Exchequer for fuch refpedtive annuity, (hall be forfeited to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and be applied, together with other the monies to be raifed by this ad, nw fuch publick fervices, as aforefaid; any thing in this aft contained to theoontrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby ena&ed, That it officers ihall and may be lawful to and for the lord treafurer, or corn- clerks, See. miffioners of the treafury, or any tbreeor more of the (aid com- how to be -aniflioners of the treafury for the time being, out of any the Palc1, monies of the (aid weekly payments hereby appointed to be

paid into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, to reward the officers, clerks, and others, to be employed in the payment of the faid annuities, or the accounts thereof, for their labour, pains, charges, and fervice therein refpe&ively, and to defray all other *hc necefiary charges incident to the payment of the laid annuities, as to the (aid lord treafurer, or commiffioners of the treasury for the time being, (hall feem meet and reafonable in that behalf; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary notwith--fta ’*	.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Braiu| „ &c. aforefaid. That all ftrong waters, brandy. Aqua vitor fpirits, brought from brought from the illands of Guemfey% Jerfey, Sark^ or Alderney, Guemfey, ihall continue to be charged with the duty of eight (hillings for * bai k* every gal bn, and no more, to be paid to the collector or officer CS( of exafe before landing; and that all other excifeable liquors (Except beer! brought from the faid iilands, or any of them (except beer, ale, ale,and mum) and mum) (hall be charged and chargeable with fuch and the like duties, as are or (hall from time to time be charged or chargeable on the like liquors made in this kingdom, to be en-

K +

tred

Digitized by

Google

i$6	Anno quarto Awnje. c.6.	(*700*

tred and paid, as aforefaid; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Merchants XXXV. And whereas Jeverai bonds, purfuant to fevered offs of bonds for cu- parliament in that behalf have been entered mtoby feveral merchants itoms, payable and others for the cuftoms, additional duties, impofitiom, and ether J^trVi?Cw duties of goods and merchandizes imported into the kingdom of Eng-Suary? 1705," ^an^» dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick uponT weed, otpom and remain which bonds the whole monies or part of the monies fUcified in the yet unfatisfi- conditions of the fame refpeflfaety, have, actor ding to Jucbconditions^ i	incurred or become payable at feveral days or times of payment, be for*

the fixth day of February, in the year of our Lordono thoufand fevim hundred andfive, and do remain unfat 'tsfied\ or fuck bonds are not dr-In cafe prjnci- livered up-, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in all pal money be and every cafe and cafes where the obligors in fuch bonds f bef paid by 1 jng principals or furetieS) their heirs, executors, or adminiilra-fuclf bonds* to tors> or any °f them, have paid or (hall have paid^ before the be delivered firft day of June, One thoufand (even hundred and fix, to the UP*	proper officer or officers, the principal monies fo incurred or

grown due before the laid fixth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and five, fuch payment (hall be of the fame force and *ffe<ft, as if the fame had been made at or before the refpe&ivc day or days in fuch condition or conditions mentioned for payt ment thereof; and in all cafes where the whole principal monies* due or to be due by the conditions of fuch bonds as are before* mentioned, are or (hail bo paid by the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, fuch bond and bonds re-fpe&ively (hall upon demand be delivered up to the party or parties who hath or (hall have: fo paid the fame, his, herr or their executors or adminiftrators, without any further or othd* If not paid, to demand whatfoever; neveithelefs it Js herely declared. That be in force, -in cafe any of the bonds before-mentioned, (nail not be fatis-fied within the time by this adt limited, as aforefaid, or in cafe any payment to incur or grow due after the faid fixth day of February, one thoufand (even hundred and five* by the con-Briftolmer- ^ition of any bond taken -or to be taken for the cuftoms, ad-chants pro-	ditional duties, impofitions, or other duties of any goods or

vided for by 5 merchandizes imported, or hereafter to be imported, as afore-Annc, c. 19. feid, (hall not be duly paid, according to condition of every fuch •J*	bond respectively. In all and every fuch cafe and cafes, the

penalty of every fuch bond (hall not be difeharged, either in law or equity, without the full payment of the principal monies, to*-gether with intereft, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, to be reckoned from the day on which fuch principal Lord trcafn- monies become due, until the adhial payment thereof, befides rer, &c. may cofts of fuit, unlefs the lord treafurer, or any three or more of remit intercil, thc commifiioners of the'treafury for the time being, upon any *	reprefentation	of	the commifiioners of the cuftoms tor the time

being, or any three or more of them, (hall judge it reafonable, in any particular cafe or cafes, to remit the faid intereft and cofts, or any part thereof; this a<ft, or any other law or ftafute whatfoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

'	.	*	° XXXVIrPror

W1

1705.] Anno quarto Ann^9 c. 7, &.	137

1 XXXVI. Provided always, That this aft, or any thfftf there- Bonds for in Contained, (hall not extend to difeharge the intereft upon ahy compattfe* ^ bond or bonds, entred into for the duties of any goods pr.taer- bcd^chlugtdj ebandiaes imported by any corporation or company*of, merchants trading by any charter upon 2 joint (lock ^ any thing » ? herein to the contrary1 notwithftanding.1	;; )	\.r	^

cap. vii.	y	;	;

An aS far making the town of New Rofs, in tie county of

Wcjrfbrd injbf kingdom of Ireland, a poft for tbtttypff- •	•	-

mg wool from Ireland into this kingdom.	r:

'HEREAS by an aftf pajfed in thu kingdom in' t tyNdtbfdpd io&u W.3, eleventh ymrs of the reign of bit late, mqjefty King	c-,0*

the Third, intituled,’ An aft to prevent the exportation of wool out of vthe kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign plaits, and for the encouragement of the woollen manufactures.in$ie kingdom of England it hy amongfl other likings* enattehflyat git the wool and the manufaiiures thereof in the faid aftt particularly Jiecifiedm as Jhould, from frrne to time,be. exported from,ife fpdfipg-aamof\rfbp\(L info, the ports of thiss kingdom or 'dominion of \Vatefc*

Jhould be flipped offh and entred at the. ports , of Dublin, Waterford,

YoughalJ, Kingfale, Cork, and Drogheda in the fald fogdom of Ireland, and at or from no other port or place within the fflid, kingdom, wider great penalties to every offender againft the faid ait: and whereas the town of New Rofs, in the county of. Wexford in the faid kingdom of Ireland, is in the fame harbour with the port of the city (^Waterford, and before the pajjing of the faid act bath always bad liberty to export the faid commodities dir tiny into this kingdom \ but the faid town not being particularly named in the faid ait% flme doubt hath arifen whether the faid commodities may be exported thence: jfherefore tp prevent all doubt for the future concerning the fame, be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by RoiTmadea £nd with the advice and confent of,the lords fpiritual and tern- port forex_ poral, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the au-porting wool thority of the fame. That at all times from and after the fourtl0m Ireland, -and twentieth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and fix, it (hall and may be lawful to and for .all’and every perfon and perfons whomfoever, to (hip off, enter, and export, from, the /aid town qf New Rofs, alj the laid commodities in the faid recited aft particularly mentioned, /and to import the fame into any of the ports of Biddeford, Barnfldbley Minhead, Bridgwater,

Milford , Haven, Cheflery ' arid Leverpoole, in the fame jnanner, as if th'e faid fown of Rofs had'byen part?cularly,natned for exportation of the laid commodities in the faid former aft; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII,

J^n aft for the better fecurity of her Majefty* 8 perfon and government, and ,	&	M

of the fucceflion to the crown of England in the proteftant lme.	*	"

perfon# who by writing, &c. (hall declare. &c. that the Queeh is not lawful *.	-

Queen, or th*t the pretended prince of Wales hath any right to the *	3	’	**

^ .	crown.

Digitized by CjOOQle

*8

i6R.s. c.c. 6&7W.J.

Ci ft.

6Aon. c. 7. & 1 Geo. 2. flat. 1. c. 5. & flat. ft. c. a iW.&M.f. c. 8.

* Ann. flat, l

C. 2ft.

»* & 13 W.; C.2.

Clau(e8 repealed.

Aonoquarts ^NiirjB. <^ 9.	[1705.

crotrn» &c. guilty of high trqafoq. Perfons wb9 by preaching, Sec. fhall declare and affirm the Queen not lawful Queen, &c. to incur the penalty of prgtmumre. Parliament not diffolved by the Queen’s death, but to continue for fix months after,' &c. Parliament to meet immediatdy after the Queen's death. In cafe of no parliaident, the lift preceding to meet. Not to abridge the Queen’s power to prorogue or diublve pania*

3. ments, See. Privy council not to be diffolved by the Queen's death i nor

i.	the places of the great officers\ nor any officers civil or military; but continue for fix months, See. The great feal See. to be ufed. Upon

. Queen's death, privy council to caufe Hie next proteftant fucceffor to be proclaimed, on penalty Df high tneafon. In cafe the fuccefbr be out of

j.	the realm, at the Queen’s death, ieven lords ju dices appointed. The fuceeffor by three intlruments, may add feven others. The three in-ftruments to be tranfmkted into England, and So be fcverafly fcabd up, and depofited. Sec. Perfons opening any of the faid inftruraenu, &s» guilty.of a pramttmre. Anyone of the mftrmnents produced to privy council, to be effeftuil. lords juftices not to diffetve the parliament without direftioo, See. Nor alter the aft 13 & 14. Car. s. c. 4. on penalty

f of high treafon. lords Juftices before they aft to take the oaths, &c* and alfo all perfons in offices, See. Lords juftices to be deemed as officers in trull. The fucceffor may ufe any leal before her or his arrival in England. Parliament called by lords juftices, not to be debited by arrivJ of fuoceffor.

XXIV.	And whereas m and by the faid aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late mjefiy JSng WilKam the Third, of glorious memory, intituled, An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better fecurmg the rights and liberties of the fubjeft 5 it was amongft other thtngs twitted, in the words following, That from and after the time that the further limitation by this atl Jhall take effett, all matters and things relating to the weB government of this kingdom, which are properly cognizable in the privy council by the laws and cujbms of this realm, Jfhall be tranfafted there, And all refolutions taken thereupon, Jhall befigned by fuch of the privy council as Jhall advife and content to the fame; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid recited claufe (hall be, and the fame' is hereby annulled and repealed, as if the fame aft had never been made.

XXV.	And whereas alfo in the faid aft it was amongfl other things enafted in the words following,, That no perfim who has an office or place of profit under the King, or receives a penfion from the crown, Jhall be capable of ferving as a member of the hiufe of commons; and it appearing reafonable that the faid recited claufe Jhouli be repealed: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid laft recited claufe (hall be, and is hereby annulled and repealed, as if the fame aft had never been piade.

Perfons in new offices di&hled from being clefted members of the houfe of commons. Members accepting of any office of profit, their election void. But may be again elefted. No office to be executed by too great a number of commiffioners. Not to extend to officers in the navy or army. Perfons difabled, and returned as members, fuch cleft ion and return to be void. Penalty on fitting. 7bisftatute is re-enafted 6 Anne, c. 7. and therefore is omitted here.

CAP. IX.

An act for repairing the highways between-Barnhill and Hatton Heath in the county of Chelter. EXP.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

139

j 705-1 Anno quarto Anna. C. 16—12.

CAP, X.

A* aft for the better recruiting her Majefty’* vmf <uu) ouifia&y. EXf.

CAP, XI,

A» aft for continuing an aft made in the feffioa heid in the-third and feurth Tear* of her Majefty^ reign, intituled, A /MpflMgsMap Jtftrlit*,	andfedft mtfiea, and fir fit	tout*, if fit -farm

■ fmtrttrt. EXP.

CAP. XII.

ft*	d& for laying further duties on low , and for pre-

venting the damage to her Majejty’s revenue by importation of foreign cut whalebone, .and for making fome pro-

viftons as to the ftamp duties, an the duties on berths,

burials, and marriages, and the fait duties, and touching million lottery tickets, and for enabling her Mapcfty to dif-poft the effieSts of William Kidd, a notorious pirate, to the ufe of Greenwich Holpital, and for appropriating the • publick monies granted in this feffion of parliament.

MAY it	pleafeyowr mffi excellent Majefty, whereas by anafl ef xx &	w .

parliament made in the twelfth	year reign of year Ait- c. n. *

jejffs late royal brother King William the Third, of glorious memory, fintituled,Aft act for granting to his Majefty feveral duties upon low wines, or fpirits of the firft extraction, and continuing feve-ftl additional duties upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices, and pictures, and certain impofitions upon hawkers, pedlars, and jetty chapmen, and the duty of fifteen per centum upon mull ins, and for improving the duties upon japanned and lacquered goods, and for continuing the coinage duty, for the feveral perms and purpofes therein mentioned) certain duties upon lew wines, or fpirits »f the firjl	extraRion, were granted a term to

onetime until the five and twentieth day of March, one from hundred and Jut;	andhy another act made in the thud year of

your	SAfiftfsreign, (intituled,An adt for continuing duties upon j & 4 Ann.

low wines, and upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices, and pictures, c. 4. and upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, sum! upon muffins, and for granting new duties upon feveral of the laid commodities, and alio upon callicoes, China ware and drugs) the find duties upon low wines, or fpirits of the firjl	, are	con-

tinued from the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufandfeven hundred ami fix, until the twentyfourth day June, one thoufand feven juries on low hundred and ten, at hy the jaid feveral aRs may appear: now we wine*, &c, your Majefty’s dutiful and loyal fubjects, the commons of - continued. icmd in parliament afiegibied, have given and granted, and do by this ad give and graitf-tulyour Majefty the feveral duties herein after mentioned, over and above all duties already granted upon low wines or fpirits of the firft extraction; and do humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted: and be it pMcted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with tho gdyice aha ©orient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com*

mons,



*4Q	.	r' -Anno qt»rt» ^WiB. C. i2v [1705;

mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all add fr£ry>fuch or the like duties for of upon trit-loff Wirtes'Or l^irits off he firft extrx&iott, as by tbe-** Sc >3 W. 3. laid a£t of the faid twelfth.yearof his faid late Majefty’s reign v11' a • were; continued' or granted until ,ijie faid twenty-fifth day of. conhnued^o'* Marti, ooethouland fcven hundred and fix, (hall by virtue of *3 March, fitis a£Vbe continued from the four and twentieth day of , 1707.	one thoufand feven hundred and five, until the five and twentieth day of	March, one thdufand feveri hundred and (even.

_ II. And' bejtfurther eflaflgd by the authority aforefaid, Thit. for every gallon of low wines, or fpirits of the firft extraction, which at any time or times,' during, the term of five years, to commence from the faid four and twentieth day of March, one thouland feven hundred and five, (hall be made or drawn from any foreign or imported materials,' or any mixture with foreign From 14 of materials, thefe ihall be .paid and payable to' her Majefty, her March, 170$. heirs, apd focceflors, over and above all Other duties charged Low wines, or chargeable thereupon, by .this or any other a& or ads of id ner^eallon. Par^*tn‘eil*> the fotn of two pence, to be paid by the diftillers Farther eon-”* or makefS'thereof ’ ‘

timu4	for .-$6 jtart h5 Anri, c. to. autftutd* ptrhthtal by 1 Geo. 1. ftat. 1. c. 1*. fed. t,

and part «/»^aggreg«ttfiwl, t v	'	•-

Duties, &c. how to be nifed.

S & 4 Ann. c.4.

Diftillers concealing (pints, Uc. from the view of the gager.

* III. And it is\hereby enabled, That all the refpeftive duties. on low wfcfcss or fpirjts of thfe firft ektraftion, by this aft granted or coftttfittid, (hall* during the continuance of the fame re-tye<5tively,.be afeertained, fecured, railed, levied, recovered^ and

£id? by fuch rules and methods, and under fuch penalties and rfeituresi awd lbbjeft tofuohdrawbacks arid allowances, and Under fuch powier of mitigation^ as the duties upon the like commodities by the faid aft of th4 third' year of heir Majefty*s reign, or any law relating theTeunlo* are enafted or appointed to be afeertairied^ fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, and paid re-fpeftivdy, and are and fhall be appropriated and applied to and for the fame ufes and purpofes to Which the duties ujgrn low. wines by the faid aft of the third year of her Majefty’s reign are appropriated, and plight to b^^applied.

- IV. And whereas it is found ty 'experience, That any quantity of waft) made of drink brewed or made from malted com, or from un~ malted corn, ivtii upon diftillatlon produce one fourth part of the fame quantity into low wines, or Joints of the firft extraction, and that. fuch low wines or fpirits upon the fecond diftillatlon will produce three fifth parts of the quantity of the fame low wines Or fperils into proof /pints, or fpirits of the fecond extraction; and that any quantity of weft) made of cyder or perry will produce one fifth part of the fami quantity into low wines or fpirits of the firft extraction ; and that the fame low wines or fpints, upon the footed diftillation, wHl produce one half part of the quantity of the fame low wines or fpirits into proof/pints, or fpirits of the fecond extraction: and whereas many diftillers de hide and conceal great quantities of fuch low wines and /pints from the fight and view of the gager, before he can come to take an account of the fame, by meanswhereof her Majefty may be very much defrauded in her s	duties

Digitized by LjOoq le

170$.}	Anno	quarts	AfcNZE. C;l4.	i+t

duties on fuch low wines and proof f pints, granted by this or any other aft or ails of parliament for the duties on low wines and fpirits; be it Gaugers to therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and keeP an a<;-after the four and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven ^nt0 hundred and five, it fhali and may be* lawful to and for the

Sugers and officers of excife, to keep an account of all the faid reral forts of wafh, which (hall from time to time, be found by him or them in the hands of any diftiller, and upon any de-creafe of fuch wafh brewed or made from malted corn, or corn unmalted, to charge fuch diftiller with fo much low wines or fpirits of the firft extraction, as one fourth part of the fame wafh fo decreafed (hall amount unto, and alfo with fo much proof fpirits, or fpirits of the fecond extraction, as three fifth parts of the faid low wines fo charged, as aforefaid, (hall amount unto ; and alfo upon any decreafe of wafh made from cyder or perry, to charge fuch diftiller upon whom fuch decreafe (hall be found, with fo much low wines or fpirits of the firft extraction, as one fifth part of the fame wafh fo decreafed (hall amount unto; and likewife with fo much proof fpirits, or fpirits of the fecond extraction, as one half part of the fame low wines or wai^&L^di0^ fpirits of the fecond extraction (hall amount unto; and fuch di- to pay (tillers (hall pay the duties of the low wines and fpirits fo charged, the duty, &c. as by the aCts relating to the faid duties on low wines and fpirits, or any of them, are directed and appointed.

V.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall ex- A&nottolef-tend, or be conftrued to extend, to take away or leflen any of fcn the power the powers or authorities heretofore given to any of the officers	-

of excife by any law or laws now in force, touching or concern- ie x 1 * ing the faid duties on low wines and fpirits.

VI.	And whereas, by an aft of parliament made in the ninth year 9 & to W. 3. ef the reign of his late Maje/lyy King William the Third, (intitu- c- *3-led, An aCt for granting to his Majefty a further fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, towards raifing the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds for the fervice of his Majefty’s hou-(hold, and other ufes therein mentioned, during his Majefty’s life) it is wafted. That if any perfen or perfotis, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, Jhall import or bring into this kingdom, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, any cut whalebone (other than in fins only) he, Jhe, or they Jhall forfeit the goods, and double the value of the cut whalebone fo imported; one moiety thereof to his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, and one other moiety to him or them that Jhall feixe or fue for the fame, in any of his Majefiy s courts of record 5 yet it is found by praftice and experience, that the faid penalty is not fufficient to deter ill-defigning per-fons from continuing fraudulently to import great quantities of foreign cut w 'ahbone in jhort lengths and fmali parcels, in diminution of her Maje/ly s revenue, and to the great lofs and difeouragement of the manufaftures tmployed in cutting of fin whalebone in this kingdom; be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after Perfons hav-the faid four and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven ingcut whale-hundred and five, any perfon or perfons whatfoever, trading °r tha«i	V

* ,	dealing	ODiy) found in.

Digitized by

Google

14?	Anno	quart? AWMf* C-it*

their cuftodjr dealing in whalebone, having in hit, her, or their cuflody, aof a	fQCh foreign cut whalebone, (other than in fins regularly im-

1705,	to for- * port<fd) Ihall forfeit the fuin of thirty pounds, and alfo be fub-tot jol. je& to the like penalties and forfeitures as the importers thereof* Penalty on by theaforefaid recited a&.are liable unto; and alfo that the matter* of mailers of fuch Ihips and veflels, knowingly bringing or im~ r“Pl,™Port* porting any foreign cut whaie-fins or whalebone* as aforefaid* 102 u * Ihall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; one moiety of the afore-{aid penalties to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, and th« other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as Ihall feize and foe for the lame, ha any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wefimu* fier, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law* or more than one imparlance Ihall be allowed} and if any difpute^ queftion or doubt Ihall arife, whether any cut whaleboae found* T , fazed, or received, as aforefaid, were cut in parts beyond thq cutto'lie'on ^as> the proof Ihall be incumbent only upon the importer^ importer, &c. claimer, owner, proprietor, or fuch perfon or perfons, in whofo hands or cuftody fuch cut whale bone Ihall be found refpe&ive-ly, and not upon the feizer, informer* or profecutor; any thing to the contraiy notwithftanding.

VII.	And whereas	feveral perfons have, (fines the double dutiet

thiV mifcoo-	upon ftampt	vellum,	pdper,andparchment admitted

ftruftions of	tet&r freedoms in divers corporations, andfutb their	have

the law on	meerfy by miftake or mfcotftnUiion been entred upon paper or parch*

ftampt paper,	tnentftampt for a lefsduty than ought to have been paid for the fame :

tred admit* ***whereas in other uffes, feveralperfons freedoms have been admit'* fan* Df fi-ee- **4, <tnd their admijjion entred upon paper or parchment without any doms. See. ftamp at all, or any thing paid or received for the fame: and where* on paper, See. as divers other perfons, clerks, Jiewards, or bailiff's, keeping or bold* flamer ln&	inferior courts of record, county courts, courts , and courts

leetf have through the like miftake or mifconftru&ion of the laws at aforefaid,omitted the iffuing, entring, inrolling, or filing of divert aHions, plaints, bails, appearances, and other procefs and proceedings upon double Jlampt vellum, paper, or parchment wherefore for difeharged quieting the minds of fo many of her Maiefty’s good fubjeds | fromthe pe- be ;t	by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the

on paying da- ^ freemen fo admitted, and all and every the laid clferks, ilew-ties before the ards, and bailiffs, and all other perfon and perfons to concern-•9th of Sept, ed and forfeiting, as aforefaid, Ihall be, and they hereby are *7°6>	freed and difeharged of and from all and every the pains* penal-

ties, and forfeitures not already recovered, and by them re* foedtively incurred, for or in refped of the premifies before the foil day of December,, one thouland feven hundred and five ; provided that fuch perfon or perfons forfeiting, as aforefaid, pay or caufe to be paid the feveral duties dire&ed to be paid, by the feveral adls for granting duties upon ftampt vellum, paper and parchment, to the receiver general of the ftampt duties, before the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fovea hundred and fix ; and in default thereof, fuch perfons refpe«5live» Jy Ihall lofo the benefit of the indemnity granted by this aCL

VIII,	Pro-

Digitized by

*7°5*1	Anaoqvifrto	Awwb*	c. i2.	143

VIBL Provided alfo, That the adroiffions of aU fuch freemen, Freemens ad-ms were admitted into any corporation or company, before the ™^°.ns»&c* faid firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and five,good m w' and all the laid other proceedings before that time had, (hall be good and valid in law, notwid&anding any negleft or omif-fion before that time, with relation to <tae faid ftampt duties \ and that all penalties and forfeitures for any offence committed, Duties not dif-as aforefaid, which (hall not be difeharged by paying fuch du-	Pities before the faid nine and twentieth day o(: September, one	^

thoufend feven hundred and fix, (hall and may be fupd for, pro- f fccuted and recovered, fo as the profeeption be commenced at .	.

any time within one year after the faid nine and twentieth day day of September.

.. tX. And it is hereby further enaded and declared. That the „	,	.

duties made payable by the faid a<fts, relating to ftampt vellum, fp^arance*011 parchment, and paper, for or in refpedt or appearances, and (hall be con-other the matters in the faid arfts, or any of then* contained, Arued to ex-relating thereto, (hah be conftrued to extend to appearances intend* fuch a&ions wherein no bail is filed, or put in, and not other-wife i any thing in the laid ads contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

.. X. And whereas by feveral abbs of parliament, relating to. the du- Duties on ties on marriages, births, and burials, all parfons, vicars, curates, marriages, and other ecdefaftical perfons, are required to take an exalt and true £1£hs>*fc* account, and Keep a regifter in writing of all and every perfou or per- c $7	’3*

fins, married, buried, cbtifienod, or born, in his or their refpefiive j&gw.j.c.^ farijbes or preanfis\ and likewife in the fame regiflers, together with 9&10W. 3. the name of every perfon fi married, buried, ebriflenea, or born, to c* 35* fit down and exprefs in writing the refpefiive degree, condition, and quality, according to which the duty to the crown ought to be paid: and in cafe of burials, the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, fathers, mothers, guardians, church-wardens, or others, who by the faid a fit ought to pay for the fame, and where they dwell refpefiiveh: and in cafe of births, the names of the fathers, mothers, or thofe that take on them the ptardianjhip, or care of fuch children fo born, and where they live rejpefiively: and in cafe of marriages, the place of abode of the feveral hufbcmds, under the penalty of one hundred pounds for fome cf the find omiflms, and other great penalties for the reft; and where-* as feveral	vicars,	and curates, and other eccleftaftical perfons,

not being fnfficiently apprized of the full import of the faid afis of parliament, have not exafify obferved the directions therein, as forefmd, given, and thereby incurred the penalties in the faid afis re-fpe&bueby mentioned, and they and their families remain therefore ex-fqfidto ruin, although the faid duties have bun duly anfwered to her be it therefore ena&cd by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every perfon and perfons in holy orders, parfon, vicar, and curate, and his and their fubftitute, having negleft- gic&edtokeep ed to keep a regifter in writing, as aforefaid, of all and every, a regifter of r or any perfon or perfons fo married, buried, chriftened, or bom, f*uch marri-as aforefaid, or to fet down and exprefs, together with the panic of fuch perfon fo mafried, buried, chriftened, pr born, are paid) to be 6	the	indemnified.



144	Anho quarto'AnnA.c'. 12,'	fjJrdJJ

; ttafdegree, condition, or quality, according'to 'which ‘ the find late Xing’s, or her-prefent Majefty’s duties 6ught to be* pai£, or tjhe name or place of abode of any perfon or perions, who ought to pay the fame, in cafe the faid duty for fuch marriage birth, or burial* be really anfweredand paid, or notified and brought in charge to the collector of the faid duties, ‘(half be Indemnified againft, and difeharged from all the penalties* and forfeitures in the faid alts, or any of them Contained, for or upon account of liich neglelts only.

Fraud* on fait, XL And whereas by an aft made in the fitft year of her frefinf &c. i Arose, Majeflys reign, intituled* An alt for preventing frauds in the fiat, i, c. ai. duties upon (alt; and for the better payment of debentures at the cuftom houfe, it is enafted, That no debenture JhaU be made or t	*	r	'grafted,	'or drawback allowed to be paid for or upon the account of

the exportation of any fidt or rock fait for Ireland, unlefs the export* er of the find* fait or rock fait JhaU produce to the officer appointed'to 1 make fuck* debenture, a certificate under the hand of the coUeftor of the cufioms of the port in Ireland, where fuch fait or rock fah Jhall belanded, {or the perfon executing his office,• of 'the particular quantt* ty of fait or rock jaki aftuaUy landed : and whereas V/V equally rea-fenable. That for fait and rock fait fhipt, in order for exportation for r- Ireland, though the fathe perifb by Jinking of the Jbip, or be token '	by the enemies, there fhouht be made and allowed a drawback as in

the cafe where fait and rock fait is exported and landed \ be it en-Drawbacks, altcd by the authority aforefaid, That where any fait or rock die. allowed fait hath been or (hall be (hipped in order for exportation to Ire*. where ialt i*	and the fame hath perifhed or (hall perilh by finking of

by theenemy.	or	veflel	on	which the fame was or (hall be (hipped^

and laid oil board, or is or (hall be taken by the enemies, then and in filch cafe the exporter or proprietor of fuch fait or rock fait foperiihing or loft, (hall upon proof made before the ju-ftices of the peace, at the general quarter feflions of the peace, to be* held tor the county, city, riding, divifion or place from whence the fame was fo exported, of the lofs of fuch fait fo (hipped, or tp be (hipped, receive from the faid fefliorts a certificate, that fuch proof was^nade before them, and upon producing the faid certificate to the officer of the place where the duty on fuch fait (hall have been paid or fecured to be paid, foch fecurity (hall be difcharged, and fo much money as was altually paid for the duty of the faid fait, (hall be repaid upon demand* by the faid officer, without fee or reward. Provided fuch prdof to be made, as aforefaid, as to all fait loft or taken, before the twentieth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and five, (hall be made by two credible witnefles upon oath, before the twentieth day of July, one thoufend feven hun-Proof to be dred and'fix; and as to fait which (hall be loft after the faid made within twentieth day of February, ohethoufand feven hundred and five, 6 month*. the like proof (hall be made Within fix months after fuch lofs of taking,'as aforefaid.	,	^

* & 3 Annie, XII. And whereas in ani^by one aft- of parliament made in the c. 14.	fecond and third year of the reign of her prefeft Majefiy, intrtuUJi

*	’	An

*45

1705-]	Anno	quarto Ann,®, c. 12.

Ail aft for the better fecuring and regulating the duties upon

fait, it is amongfe other things provided, That nothing therein contained Jhould extend to prohibit the importing and landing any codfifh, ling, or hake, which had been caught and cured at Newfoundland or ifeland, upon making fuch oath before the landing, of the catching and curing the fame, and upon tender thereof upon landing, and before the fame be removed from the Jbore, and under fuch penalties far not tendring the fame, to have part of the tail cut off, as in and by the faid aft is direfted and appointed: and whereas North Sea codfijh, ling, and bake, are omitted in the faid aft; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing therein con- North Sea tained (hall extend to prohibit the importing and landing any codfilh, &c. codfifh, ling, or hake, which have been or (hall be caught and mayJ*im-cured at or in the North Sea, upon making the like oath, and P011*1-being fubjedt to and under the fame reftridlions and penalties^ ' as by the above recited adt is diredted and appointed for codfifh, ling, and hake, caught and cured at Newfoundland or Ifeland, and that no allowance be granted, had or obtained upon exportation thereof; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII.	And whereas m and by one aft made in the fifth year «/s&6W,& the reign of their late MajeJlies King William and Queen Mary, M. «. 7-of blejfed memory, intituled. An adt for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties upon fait, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the laid adt mentioned, to fuch perfons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againft France, it is (amongfe other things) enafted, That the fum of one hundred and forty thoufand pounds Jhould be a yearly fund for anfwering the annuities therein mentioned : and whereas Tickets for certain tickets were ijjiied out to the proprietors of the faid annuities, a”numct many of which faid tickets are fence burnt, lofe, or otherwife deferoy-ed, whereby the faid proprietors are in danger of lofeng their money contained in fuch tickets; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid,	' .

That in all cafes where it (hall happen, by affidavit to be made	1ccrtlf^

on or before the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred Cate,&c.officer and fix, before any of the barons of the Exchequer, that any to pay the ticket or tickets for any payment or payments on the faid an- famc* nuities, is or are burnt, deftroyed, or otherwife loft, it (hall and may be lawful for the officer or officers appointed to pay and difcharge the faid annuities, on producing a certificate from the faid baron of fuch affidavit made before him, which affidavit the barons, or any one of them, is and are hereby authorized to take, and which certificate he or they are hereby required to grant without fee or reward, and on fecurity given to the faid officer, to his good liking, to indemnify him againft all perfons whatfoever for or concerning the monies contained or (perilled in fuch ticket or tickets, or which was, is, or (hall be due thereon, he the faid officer is hereby required to pay and difeharge the faid annuities by the faid tickets incurred and grown due, or. which (hall hereafter incur or grow due, ^s-a-Vojl. XL	L	forefaid.





Such pay-merits to be

a charity to Greenwich hofpital.

Monies, See. how appropriated.

Anno quarto Atram. c. i i.	[ 1705.

forefaid, as if the laid tickets had been produced, and (hall he all cd * h‘	payments in his accounts; any thing in this or

ac^^mtt|n 15 any other ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife nofc-withftanding.

TheQaeen XIV. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it may dffpofe of (hall and may be lawful for her Majefty, if (he pleafeth, to dif-647* 1. it. as pofe as a charity, to and for the ufe and benefit of the royal hofpital for teamen at Greenwich, the fum of fix thoufand four hundred (evenly two pounds, one (hilling, which was paid m-to the receipt of Exchequer, on or about the one and thirtieth day of January, one thouiand feven hundred and four, for pub-lick ufes, by Richard Crawley efquire receiver of the goods of pirates, ana other perquifites of the admiralty, being money or the proceed of goods and merchandizes which were taken with William Kidd a notorious pirate, who was taken and executed fevend years fince.

XV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies which (hall be lent to her Majefty on two afts of this feffion of parliament; the one, (intituled, Aooff 4 Ann*, c. granting an aid to her Majefty by a land tax, to be rai/ei in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix) and the other, (in-4 Ann. c. 5. fctuled. An a& for continuing the duties upon malt, mm, cyber and perry, for the fertnee of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fox) and fo much of the Several taxes and duties thereby grimed, as (hall remain, (after all the loans made or to be made upon the (aid refpe&ive ads, and the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the taxes and duties thereby granted, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be re-ferved to difeharge the fame) and all the monies to be contributed or advanced upon another ad of this feffion of parliament, (intituled, An a& for continuing an additional fubfody of tunnage and poundage, and certain duties upon coals, culm, cynders, and additiml duties of excife, and for fettling and ejlabhflnng a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities to be fold for raij-ing a further fttpply to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year tne thoufand feven hundred and fix) except as therein is excepted and referved, (hall be appropriated, iflued, and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated for or towards the feveral ufes and Charges of the PurP°^cs herein after exprefled (that is to fay) for or towards

4 Ann. c. 6.

nary. See.

Land forces,

itc.

’ the defraying the charges of the ordinary of her Majefty’s navy, and for viduals, wages, wear, tear, and other Cervices of the navy, and the vidua ling thereof, performed and to be performed ; and for the fea fervice in the office of the ordnance, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards the making of a wharf and ftorehoufc at Portfmoutb; and for paying for (lores and carriages for eight (hips new built, in lieu of thole loft in the great ftorm; and for or towards the land Cervices performed, and to be performed, by the office of the ordnance; and to and for fubfiftence, off-reckonings and clearings for one year, from the three and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven hundred and five, to her Majefty’s guards and gar-

riions

6

Digitized by ^.ooQie

17$5-’]	ABno qvuuto Ann,®. c. 12.	147

f ifons in England* and the dominions thereunto belonging (frt+ fad excepted) and the contingent charges of the fame; and for payment of invalids for the faid year, beginning from the faid three and twentieth day of December, one thousand feven Jiundrcd and five j and for or towards the defraying thd charges of her Majefty’s army, and fuch forces as are pr (hall be added {hereunto in the Low Counfries or Germany, within, or for or>e year, to be reckoned from the faid three and twentieth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and five, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; and for or towards the defraying her Majefty’s part of the charge of the forces a<$-jpg or ro in conjunction with the forces of the King of Portugal* until or at any time before the five and twentieth day Forces in Por-of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fix; and for pr tugal. towards the pay of the five thoufand land forces now in Catalonia, which are refolved to be continued for the year one thou- Catalonia, fend feven hundred and fix; and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the further charges necefiary to profecute the fuc-cefles already gained by King Charles the Third, for recovery of the monarchy of Spain to the houfe of Atiftria \ and for or Treaties, towards the payment of her Majefty’s proportion of the fub-fidies due upon treaties made or to be made with her Majefty’s allies, and other charges fpr the fervice of the war for any time before, or until the faid five and twentieth day of December* one thoufand feven hundred and fix; and for or towards the picking good the payment of her Majefty’s (hare of the fubfidies, payable to the King of Prujfta* which was not provided for in the Pniflia. laft feflion of parliament; and for or towards the making good *he payment of the bounty-money beftowed by her Majefty op ®ounty mo* tfic land forces that fervea in the campaign in Germany* in the ney* year one thoufand feven hundred and four, purfuaqt to the ad-drefe of the houfe of commons; and for making good an additional charge to the troops of Hanover and Zell, which was Troops of jiot provided for in the faid laft felfion ; and for making good	and

charge of general officers, and contingencies in the expedi- * iion to Spain* which was not provided for in the faid laft fef- To make good lion; and to anfwer the levy-money to makegood the horfes of horfes killed, fhe Englijh horfe and dragoons, that were killed and died of tK« common diftemper in the laft campaign in the Low Countries* Tranfports, between the firft of May and the one and thirtieth day of Qfto-J>er* one thoufand feven hundred and five; and to make gopd the horfes that were loft by the officers of the Englijh troopp, during the laft campaign in the Low Countries \ and for qr towards the tranfportation of land forces, performed and to be performed 5 and for or towards difeharging of tjie premiums and other charges for circulating the bills, commonly called Exchequer bills; and for payment of iqtereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for the unfatisfied debentures charged on the Irijb forfeitures, and to no other pfes, intents, and purpofes whatfoever.

V	L	2	XVI.	Pro.

Digitized by i^ooQle

14«

S71151* 108. for the marines, icc.

1 Jac. i.c. 16

II&T1W.3 C. 11.

Anno quarto Assm. C. 13.	[*705.

XVI. Provided always, That out of the monies to be rflued to the guards and garrifons, as aforefaid, there fhall and may be taken and applied any fum, not exceeding eighty feven thou-fand one hundred twenty five pounds, ten (hillings, towards the charge of maintaining the foldiers raifed, and to be raifed, for fea fervice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging, and out of the monies to be ifiued for the fcrvicc of the navy and fea fervices, as aforefaid, there fhall be taken and applied fuch fums, as together with the faid furo, * not exceeding eighty feven thoufand one hundred twenty five pounds, ten (hillings, (hall be neceffary for the charge of maintaining the (aid foldiers for fea fervice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the better ordering and governing the watermen and lightermen upon the river of Thames.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the fir ft year of the reign of the late tGng James the Firfi, intituled, An a6l concerning wherrymen and watermen, it is (amongft otfor things) enabled. That no wherryman or waterman Jball take any apprentice, unlefs he Jhall be then of the age of eighteen years at the leaf, except the fon of a waterman, who by the faid aft may be taken apprentice at the age of fixteen years: and whereas by one other aft of parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late Majejly King William the Third, intituled. An a<5t for the explanation and better execution of former a&s made touching watermen and wherrymen rowing on the river of Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the faid watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, upon the faid river between Gravejend and Windfor, the faid watermen, wherrymen and light-ermen are impowered to make reafonable and lawful rules, orders, and con/litut ions* for their government, in fuch manner as in thefame aft is mentioned: and whereas feveral of the rules, orders, anacon-Jlitutions which have been made under colour of the faid laft-mention-ed aft, efpedally the fourth, which direfts, that no waterman Jball have any more than one apprentice at one time, nor Jhall be capable of taking an apprentice, until fuch majler hath been a freeman feven years, nor Jhall take a fecond apprentice until his firjl be dead, or the term expired; and that not any lighterman Jhall take any apprentice, until he is a real owner of two lighters, nor Jhall have more than one apprentice at one time, under the penalties therein mentioned; have by experience been found to be prejudicial and deftniftive to the breeding of fea faring men, and a great burthen upon the navigation and trade of the faid river of Thames, and of this kingdom in general, and the fame not being alterable otherwise than by the authority of parliament, or by the confcnt of the faid company of watermen and lightermen, who have a long time rejufed to give their confcnt thereto ; for remedy whereof, and for the better increafe offeamen for her '"Majefifs fervice, and the trade, the which is offo great importance

to

Digitized by

Google

149

17°5*]	Anno quarto Ann^. c.13.

to this kingdom; be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the conlent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aiTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid claufe or claufes r] r . in the laid firfr recited aft of parliament, that reftrain the taking ^ c rcj?e of apprentices, till they (hall arrive to the feveral ages of eigh- Rule for re-teen and fixteen years, as aforefaid, and alfo the faid recited Graining wa-rule, order, and conftitution, and all and every other rule, or- j*H]ncn *£°ra der, and conftitution made for reftraining of any waterman, pren^ces/re-wherryman, or lighterman, that now are or hereafter (hall be pealed, free of the (aid company, from taking and breeding of appren- See » Geo. *. tices, (hall be, and is hereby repealed, and declared to be void c-and of none effea,

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Lord mayor That it (hall and may be lawful for the court of lord mayor and and aldermen aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, and they are of London to hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, and at all !^nd the by times hereafter, to review, or re-examine, alter, or amend all laws of the Y fuch rules and by-laws which relate to the apprentices of wa- watermen* termen and lightermen, and all other orders and conftitutions, company, Sec. which have been heretofore, or which (hall hereafter be made

for the government of the faid company of watermen and lightermen ; which faid alterations and amendments (hall be fub-jeft neverthelefsto the approbation of the chief juftice of her Majefty’s court of Queen's Bench for the time being; and all fuch rules, orders, and conftitutions as (hall be hereafter reviewed, re-examined, altered, or amended by the faid court of lord mayor and aldermen, (hall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be approved of, as aforefaid, and well and duly ob-ferved and put in execution j the faid recited afts, or rules, or any other aft, claufe, rule, order, or conftitution to the contrary	,

thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing therein no*t0. contained, (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to the hoidin kflening, taking away, abridging, hindring, prejudicing, or the Curia otherwife howfoever impeaching of any right belonging to or curfus aquae lawfully claimed by the late Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox% at Grave lend, lord of the manor of Gravefend, his heirs, executors, admini- * ftrators, or affigns, for the holding a certain court within the

faid manor, called Curia curfus aqua, or the court of the waterr courfe, for the better government of barges, boats, and veffels, ufiog the ferry or paffage from the town of Gravefend to London% and of the perfons owning or working the fame, or of any o* ther rights, liberties, powers, and privileges whatfoever belonging to the faid late duke, his heirs, executors, adminiftra-tors, and affigns, relating to the faid ferry or paffage, or to the barges, tilt-boats, or other boats and veffels ufing the faid ferry or paffage, or plying at the bridge of the faid town of Gravefend, or the perfons owning or working the feme, or otherwife how-fbever.

L 3	IV. Pro.



I5«	Afliw quarto Anna. c. 14.	1705*

Northepri- IV. Provided always That this ad, or ally thing thfefeiit ma orjmd^u Contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to the SOT*	taking away, abridging, bindring, prejudicing* or

Qravefcnd. impeaching of any giants, liberties, fhmehifes, cuftotns, jtai-* yilegel, of ufages, now or heretofore lawfully Ufed, held, or enjoyed by the mayor* jams, and Capital inhabitants of the villages and parifhes of Grdvefend and Milton in the county of Kent, touching, concerning, or relating to the paflage and fer-» ry upon the faid river of Thames, from the (aid villages an<> parifhes of Gravefend and Milton, to the frid city of London* or touching or concerting the government or gubemation of the faid paOagg and ferry$ but that the faid mayor, jurats, and uw habitants, and their fucceflors, (hall and may do and efcecut? all and every fuch lawfill a A find a As, powers, and authorities, touching the faid pafTage and fertr, ahd the government there*-Of, as they might or could have done, if this aCt had not beeia tnade; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any trife notwithftanding. % Geo. 2. c. 26.

CAP. XIV.

din n8 for the bettor collecting charity money on briefs by lett&s pdtenttj and presenting abufes in relation to fuch charities.

tT/HEREA£ many imonveniencies do arife, and frauds are V V commit ted in the common method of collecting charity moheg Upon brief) by letters patents, to the great trouble and prejudice if the objects bf fuih charity, and to the great difmragemtnt of welt dijpofedperfdHs: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Queen'i fnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ahd confent of From 15 the l°fds fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent March, 1706. parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thit all eopies of from and after the five and twentieth day of March, which (hall Uftirt/cha *n ycar our Lord otie thoufand feven hundred and fix* rity1 money' upon the iffuihg forth of letters patents for collecting of charity jfhatl be pnnt- tnoney, commonly called briefs, copies thereof, to the number ed by the	required by the petitioners for fuch briefs* or their agents* and

Queen’s	no more, (hall be printed by the printer to her Majefty, her

heir* Or fucceflbrfc only, at the ufual rates for printing, and by filth printer the whble number pf fuch copies (hall be delivered to fuch perfon or perforts only, as (hall, by and with the tonfent of the petitioners for fuch brief, or the major part of them, undertake the laying or difpofing fuch printed copies, in order to the collection of the monies fo be received thereon, of to fome or one of them, who, or one or more of them* (hall givb U receipt for the fame, expreffirtg the number thereof in fuch receipt, which receipt, or art attefted copy thereof, fuch printer (hall forthwith deliver to the regifter of the court of chancery to be filed in the regifter’s office, and thereupon the perfon or per*-fons fo undertaking fuch collection, or fome or one of- them, ihall paufe all the faid printed copies to be indorfed or marked

in



17°5*y	Aano quarto Amnje* c, 14.	1,5a

in fame convenient p*rt of fuch printed copy, with the name of one or more of the truftees or commifiianers named in fuch letters patents, written with his or their own hand, and the time of iigning the fame, and alfo caufe the faid printed copies to be (tamped in the manner hereafter more particularly mentioned : and the faid whole number being to figned, lhall be, with all convenient fpced, by the faid undertaker or undertakers, lent and delivered to the refpeAive church-wardens, and chapel-wardens of the refpeAive churches and chapeh, and to the re-Ipcdivu teachers and preachers of every Separate congregation, and to any perfon who hath taught or preached in any meeting of the people called Quakers, in the counties and places to be comprized, in fuch letters patents, to be read and publifhed, and the charity thereon to be collected in the feveral churches, chapels, or places of meeting to which they belong, who (hall to receive the fame 3 and that the faid church-wantons, chapel-wardens, preachers, teachers, and quakers having taught, aa aforefaid, immediately after fuch receipt, (hall indorfe the time of his or their receiving the fame, and fet his or their names thereto; and the (aid church-wardens and chapel-wardens (hall forthwith deliver over the faid printed briefs by them received, to the feveral minifters and curates of the (aid churches or chapels, who (hall receive the fame; and the faid refpeAive mi- Minifter*, See. nifters and curates (hall on receipt thereof indorfe the time they °n fo®e ?an-refpeAively received the fame, and fet their refpeAive names ma^n^ thereto; and the faid tefpe&ive minifters and curates, teachers, receipt of preachers, and perfons called Quakers, qualified as aforefaid, copv, &c. (hall on fome Sunday, within two months after receipt of fuch (hall before copies, immediately before the formon, preaching or teaching {^ad^he**" (hall begin, openly read or caufe to be read fuch printed briefs f{me. in their refpeAive churches, chapels, and places of meeting,.Church-war-to the congregation there afiembled, and the refpeAive church*- densu&<rto wardens, chapel-wardens, and the teachers of every fuch fepa- ^oney™* rate congregation, and fuch perfons called Quakers, to whom Sum coilefted the briefs (hall have been fo delivered, as aforefaid, (hall colleA to be indoried -the fums of money that (hall be freely thereon given, either in on fuch print-the (aid refpeAive aflemblies, or by going from houfe to houfe ^,e£ of the members of their refpeAive congregations, as the briefs ^cr> lhall require in that behalf; and on every (uch colleAion made, the fum that (hall be colleAed, with the place where, and time when the fame wa9 colleAed, (hall be indorfed, fairly written in words at length on fuch refpeAive printed briefs, and figned by the minifter or curate, and the church-wardens in churches and chapels, and by the teacher and two elders, or two other takers of the" fubftantial perfons of every feparate congregation; and that brief, &c. thereupon the faid refpeAive church-wardens and chapel-wardens, and the refpeAive teachers or preachers, or other perfons required to make the colkAion, as aforefaid, on requeft of fuch peribn or perfons as (hall undertake to place and difperfe the briefs, as aforefaid, or of any perfon by them, or any of them lawfully authorized, (hall deliver to fuch perfon or peril 4	fobs,



Penalty on minifter, See. negle&ing.

Undertakers within 6 months after delivery, to demand the

dens, &c.

Anno quarto Ann/b. e. 14.	[1705,

fons, making fuch requeft, the refpe&ive printed briefs fo in-dor fed, as aforefaid, and the monies thereon colle&ed, taking a receipt for the fame, from the perfon fo receiving fuch monies, in fome book to be kept for that purpofe, on pain that every the faid minifters, curates, teachers, preachers, church-wardens, chapel-wardens, and quakers qualified and required, as aforefaid, who (hall refufe or neglect to do any of the matters or things before rcfpe<5tively required of them, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed; and the faid perfon or perfons who (hall fo undertake to place, and .difperfe the faid briefs as aforefaid, (hall within fix months next after the refpe&ive placing or deliver-fame from the ing fuch copies in the refpetftive pariflies, as aforefaid, by them-church-war- felves, or fome or one of them, or by fome perfon or perfons by them or the major part of them to be appointed, as aforefaid, demand from the refpe&ive church-wardens and chapel-wardens of churches and chapels, and from the preacher and teacher of feparate congregations, or from fuch teaching qua-ker to whom the faid printed briefs (hall have been refpe&ively delivered, as aforefaid, the printed briefs fo left with him or them refpe&ively, and the monies refpe&ively by them received thereon ; and on delivery and payment made (hall give to them refpe&ively, as aforefaid, a receipt for the fame, on pain to forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and difpofed of as herein after is directed.

II.	And to the intent a fpeedy, regular, and fatisfedory account may be rendered of the fums of money colle&ed by virtue of fuch briefs, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the perfon or perfons fo undertaking to place or difperfe the faid printed briefs, or the greater part of them, (hall make, or caufe to be made, a fair entry in a book for that purpofe by them to be kept (to which all perfons concerned may at au times refort) of the number of the printed briefs they fo received, and alfo when figned and fent away, and to what parifhes '	and places, and the rime of their receiving the fame back, and

Printed copies the monies thereon collected ; and the faid printed copies (o (when receiv. received back, (hall be depofited and left with the regifter of ted with court ch*rtcery, with whom the receipt given to the theregifter of printer for the fame as aforefaid, was regiftered, to the end it the court of may appear that the whole number received of the faid printer phanccry. js duly returned, and that the fame may be from time to time made ufe of, as well by the fufferers and their agents, as by the faid undertakers and their agents or folicitors, in palling the accounts in the method herein after prefcribed ; and if the whole number of printed copies of fuch briefs fo received of the printer, (hall not be duly returned as hereby required, the undertaker or undertakers (hall, for every printed copy, which (hall be found wanting and not returned, as aforefaid, by default of Penalty on them or their agents, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be re* undertaker covercd and applied as herein after-mentioned; unlefs he or the who™”* they fhall make a fufficient proof, to the iatisfa<5Uon of the court number, &c.	of

jMid the monies received thereon,

and enter in a book the number of printed briefs received, &c.

Digitized by

Google

*53

of chancery, of the faid briefs fo wanting being loft or deftroy- ’ cd by inevitable accident, and of what money was really and truly collected thereon, and fully account for, and pay the fame; and that in each parilh or chapelry, and feparate congregation, .	.	*

regifter (hall be kept by the minifter or teacher there, or by ^^rcglfter* feme teaching quaker, of all monies collected by virtue of fuch to be kept of briefs, therein alfo inferting the occafion of the brief, and the all monies col-rime when the fame was collected, to which all perfons at all h£ed. times may refort without fee.

III.	And for the better indorfmg what money is collected an the

tack of the printed briefSy and for the more regular examination thereof* and for the preventing the counterfeiting printed iopies of the priefsy by which great frauds have been put in prabiuey belt enacted by the authority afbrefaid, That on the back of every porm 0f \nm printed copy of fuch brief, there fhaH be printed the form of dorfement to indorfement, with the neceflary blanks for time, place and fum beprintedon of money, to be filled up by the rsfpe&ive perfons afbrefaid	-

and each printed copy of fuch brief mall before it be lief, wth carried to the refpedfive parilhes wherein the colledlion is to proper blanks, be made, be (lamped or marked with a proper ftarap to be &c- a»d made for that purpofe, and kept by the regifter of the court,	&c*

of chancery, who is to fee that no greater number of printed

copies be ftampt or marked therewith, than is in the receipts given to the printer, and left with the regifter, as aforefaid, lpecified and declared ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall forge Penalty on ©r counterfeit * fuch (lamp, fuch perfon being thereof lawfully counterfeiting eonviltcd, (hall be publickly fet on the pillory for the fpace of ftaraP* one whole hour.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Undertakers

That the faid undertaker or undertakers, (hall within two to account for months after the monies refpeltlvely received, and after due *11 monies renotice thereof to the fufferers (who are to be admitted to con- tworaomh*a trovert the fame) account before one of the mailers of the court aftcr receipt, of chancery, to be for that purpofe appointed by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners for the cuftody of the	J

great feal of England for the time being, for all the monies by

them received on account of fuch letters patents and briefs, and (hall produce before him an exa<ft account of the refpe&ivo

Erinted briefs by them delivered out, and received back, and ;ft with the regifter, as aforefaid, and thereupon the faid mailer (hall proceed to make his report of what (hall be found due bn fuch account; and the faid report being confirmed by the iaid court of chancery as ufual,. (hall be a charge the faid undertaker or undertakers, and' (hall be carried into execution againft him or them, as if decreed in a fuit there depending ; in taking which account fuch mailer (hall make all juft allow- and be allowances to fuch undertakers, for their trouble and pains of ma- ed for their * nagement, over and befides the charges to be expended for the P*”15* faid letters patents and copies thereof\ and flich mafter (hall al* fo have power by the common methods of the court of chancery, to examine into aft frauds and ill practices that (hall \k

committed

Digitized by

Google



Undertakers, See. found gpilty of frauds, to be fined*

ProvHb con* ceming penal titf.

No perfons to farm or pur-chafe charity money on brief*, Sec.

on penalty.

Anno quarto A NNA. c. 15,	[1705%

committed by the faid undertakers or their ageote* or any others concerned for or under them in fuch collection, and report the fame to the court; which report being confirmed by the Qud court,, it (hall be in the power of the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners aforefaid, for the time being, to im-pofe fuch fine and colts on'every fuch offender, as the nature of the cafe (hall require; which faid fine, and all other forfeitures incurred by the faid undertakers or their agents, (hall be only for the benefit of the fufferers, for whole benefit fuch. briefs (hall be granted, and (hall and may be recovered by the order of the faid court of chancery, founded on fuch report fo confirmed, as aforefaid, and carried into execution, as the de~ crees of that court ufually are.

V.	Provided always. That where any penalties art by this . alt infilled on any perfon or perfons, other than the undertakers, their agents, deputies, fubftitutes, or fervants, fuch penalties (hall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information*

VI.	And whereas there hath been an evil practice in farming and purchafmg for a fum of money, the charity-money that Jbould or might be collected on fuch briefs, to the very great hindrance and difeouroge-merit of alms-giving on fuch occafton \ be it therefore eroded by the authority aforefaid, and it is hereby declared. That all forming and purchafing of fuch charity-money is unlawful, and that

’ from and after the aforefaid five and twentieth day of March, if any perfon or perfons (haQ purchafe or agree for any charity-money to be colleded on any briefs or letters patents, or by any inftrument of covenant or agreement, by way of forming* (hall or may pretend to appropriate fuch charity-money, or any part thereof to his or their ufe, contrary to the intent and meaning of fuch letters patents, by which fuchcharity-money (hall be colleded, and contrary to the intent and meaning of this ad, fuch purchafe and inffrument of covenant and agreement, (hall be void, and each perfon agreeing to purchafe the benefit of fuch brief, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be applied for the benefit of the fufierets in fuch letters patents mentioned, and to be recovered, as before lafi mentioned.

CAP. XV.

An act for making the river Slower navigable, from the town of Maa-inetree in the county of Effex, to the town of Sudbury in the county of Suffolk.

Stiver Slower to be made navigable from Maningtree in Eflfex, to Sudbury in Suffolk. Power* granted to the undertakers. Comraiffioners appointed for determining differences. Any nine of thepi jmpowered to aft. Perfons declining commiffioners mediation, flieriff of the county to Impanel ajtrry; who, on oath, are to inquire and aflefs damages, Stc. Sack afMftttnt to be binding. On payment of fum aflefled, Sec. Undertaker*, Sec. may aft in parfeance of fuch final order. No commif* fioner to aft in any cafe where concerned. In cafe of death of commit fioners, or refafal to aft, the number fhafl be fupplied. Undertakers to receive For goods, merchandises, &e. viz. For every chalder of coals 5*. every ton weight of other goods, Ac. 5*. On nonpayment, undertaken



*55

i

1705.J Anno quarto AitRa. c. 16.

detokerstna? foe or detain good*, tyatenfeen, &e- rt>*jr ufc irtneke*. Owners of targes, boats, &c. refoenfiblc for damages done by barges, Ac, C^Ariiimohen to have the foie power of furveying the nyer, &c, and not td iinder the (hrvty of stay coffirtiifflon of (ewers. flerfbrts feed bn this *&, (nay plead the gtritfol rtfee. Defendants to hdvs full tid&i* . A& to be deemed a public act Rights of fthing referved. Owners of . lands may ufe pleafare boats, &c« a Lawful to enter into any boat, veflel, tec. and feize nets, Ac. for taking fi/h. Undertakers by the twenty fourth of Jtme# r^df, to begin then* works, add ftai(h the ftrtne by the twenty fourth of June, 171*3. If stork* be hot finiftted by tbd UMd limited# .r cotnnuffioMrt may appoint others to perfeft the fame, be. And fo tkties Quofiti. MilUfterieS, thhbcr, lime, See. for the ufe of the mills, exempt from toll. The fea walls and banks, &c. belonging to Lavjford ball in Efifcrt, (hall be repaired and maintained. Dr. Dent to pay 5I. per afin. to the undertakers, On penalty of diftreft. No doty to be pftid for dung# muck, Set. ufed for manuring of owners lasdt, See. Wharfage duty for coals, Sec. payable at Sudbury. All boats, barges, Stc. to be fegixrcd and marked. No boat to be marked with another's mark.

CAP. XVI.

Jbi aSt for the amendment of the law, and tht better advancement of juftice.

FOR the amendment of the law in feveral particulars, and Bjt * for the eafier, fpeedier, and better advancement of juft ice, 7 be it cnaCted by the Queen’s ifidft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal,«»»» °J Man. and commons, in this prerent parliament affembled, and by the ad. m“ authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of T*i*w7Je of Quo kity term, which fliall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand warrants feveta hundred and fix, where any demurrer lhall be joined. From Trinity and entered in any aftion or fuit in any court of record within ?e|7n> y°£» this realm, the judges lhall proceed and give judgment, tc*- pve judgment dordihg as the very right of the caufe and matter in law (hall In fteaiwrrtr, hppeafunto them, without regarding ahy imperfection, omiffion, &c. without or defect in any writ, return, plaint, declaration, or other plead*- ?S*g*!B* ing, procefs, or courfe of proceeding whatfoever, except thofe &c> ,n wn * only which the party demurring lhall fpecially and particularly Exception, fet down and expr-efs, together with his demurrer, as caufes of Elw. c. 5. the fame, nbtwithftanding that Ibch imperfection, omifiion, or defect might have heretofore been taken to be matter of fbb*-Ranee, and ndt aided by the ftatute made in the twenty feventh year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An til for the furtherance of yuflite in cafe ef demurrer and pleading!, lb as fufficient matter ap»

|>eat in the faid pleadings, upon Which the court may give judg*

Went according to the Very right of the caufe; and therefore from and after the faid flrft day of Trinity term, no advantage or exception lhall be taken of or for an immaterial travers j or -of or for the default of entririg pledges upon any bill or deck--ration ; or of or for the default of alledging the bringing into court any bond, bill, indenture, or other deed whatfoever mentioned in the declaration or other pleading $ or of or for rite default of alledging of the bringing into court letters tefta-gaedtuy, or letters of admifufttation 5 or of or for the omiffion

Digitized by

Google

ney (hall be filed.

156	Anno quarto Annas. cm 6.-	[1705.

of Vtfi Armis a contra peuem^x either of them; or of or for the want of averment of Hoc paratus eft verificare, or. Hoc paratus ejl verificare per Recordum; or of or for, not alledging prout pdtet per Recordum, but the court (hall give judgment according to the very right of the caufe, as aforetaid, without regarding any fuch imperfections, omiifions, and defects, or any other matter of like naturC, except the fame (hall be fpecially and particularly fet down and (hewn for caufe of demurrer. .

All ftatutes of EL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefakl, jeofails to be That from and after the faid firft day of Trinity term, all the extended to ftatutes of jeofails (hall be extended to judgments which (hall at a^tervvards be entred upon confeffion, Nihil dicity or &c.	9	Non	fum informatus, in any court of record; and no fuch judg-

No fuch judg- ment (hall be reverfed, nor any judgment upon any writ of en-menttobere- quiry of damages executed thereon be (laid or reverfed, for or verfed. by reafon of any imperfeCtipn, omiffion, defeCt, matter, or thing whatfoever, which would have been aided and cured by any of the faid (latutes of jeofails in cafe a verdiCt of twelve men nad been given in the faid aCtion or fuit, fo as there be an original writ or bill, and warrants of attorney duly filed according to thfe law as is now ufed.

When war- III. Provided always, and he it enaCted by the authority a-rantsof attor- forefaid. That the attorney for the plaintiff, or demandant in any /k*11 aCtion or fuit, (hall file his warrant of attorney with the proper officer of the court where the caufe is depending the fame term he declares; and the attorney for the defendant or tenant (hall file his warrant of attorney as aforefaid, the fame term he appears, under the penalties inflicted upon attornies by any (brmcr law for default of filing their warrants of attorney.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefeid. That from and after the faid firft day of Trinity term it (hall and may be lawful for any defendant or tenant .in any aCtion or fuit, or tor any plaintiff in replevin, in any court of record, with th$ leave of the fame court, to plead as many feveral matters thereto, as he (hall think neceffary for his defence.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That if any fuch matter (hall upon a demurrer joyned, be judged inefficient, cofts (hall be given at the diferetion of the court; or if a verdiCt (hall be found upon any iffue in the faid caufe for the plaintiff or demandant, coft* (hall be alfo given in like manner, unlefs the judge, who tried the faid iffue, (hall certify, that the (aid defendant, or tenant, or plaintiff in replevin, had a probable caufe to plead fuch matter which upon the faid iffue (hall be found again# him.

VI.	And whereas great delays do frequently happen in trials, by reafon of challenges to the arrays of panels of jurors, and to the polls* for default of hundredors: for prevention thereof for the future, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Trinity term, every Venire facias for the triad of any iffue, in any aCtion or fuit in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Weflminfiery (hall be awarded of the body of the proper county where fuch iffue is triable.

VII.	Pro^

Defendant, &c. may plead feveral matters.

Provifo touching cofts.

Venire facias how to be a-warded.

Digitized by

Google

1705.]	Anno	quarto Ann.®. c.16.	157

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a- N extend forefaid, That nothing in this ad before contained, (hall extend writs^fTp-to any writ, declaration, or fuit of appeal of felony or murder, peal of felony or to any indictment or prefentment of treafon, felony, or mur- or murder,&c. der, or other matter, or toNany procefs upon any of them, or to 'any writ, bill, adion, or information upon any penal ftatute.

Vni. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, where jurors That from and after thofaid firft day .of Trinity term in any ao* are to view tions brought in any of her Majeft/s courts of record at Weft- lands, &c. minftery where it (hall appear to the court in which fuch adions facial are depending, that it will be proper and neceflary, that the jur- writs oFSJ-ors who are to tiy the iffues iii any fuch adions, (hould have the ftringas or Ha. view of the meffuages, lands, or place in queftion, in order to beas Corpora. their better underftanding the evidence that will be given upon the trials of fuch iffues, in every fuch cafe the refpedive courts in which fuch a&ions (hall be depending, may order fpecial writs of Diftringas or Habeas Corpora to iffue, by which the (heriff, or fuch other officer to whom the faid writs (hall be direded, (hall be commanded to have fix out of the firft twelve of the jurors named in fuch writs, or feme greater number of them, at the place in queftion, fome convenient time before the trial, who then and there (hall have the matters in queftion (hewn to them by two perfons in the faid writs named, to be appointed by the court; and the faid (heriff, or other officer, who is to execute the faid writs, (hall, by a fpecial return upon the fame, certify that the view hath been had according to the command of the faid ' writs.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. All grants and That from and after the faid firft day of Trinity term, all grants conveyances, or conveyances thereafter to be made, by fine or otherwife, of to** any manors of rents, or of the reverfion or remainder of any meffuages or lands, (hall be good andeftedual, to all intents and tenants, purpofes, without any attornment of the tenants of any fuch

manors, or of the land out of which fuch rent fhall be iffuing, or of the particular tenants upon whofe particular eftates any fuch reverfions or remainders (hall and may be expedant or depending, as if their attornment had been had and made.

X.	Provided neverthdefs. That no fuch tenant (hall be pre- provifo. judiced or damaged by payment of any rent to any fuch grantor

or conufor or by breach of any condition for non-payment of rent, before notice (hall be given to him of fuch grant by the conufee or grantee.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, dilatory That from and after the faid firft day of Trinity term, no dila- plo* to bore-tory plea (hall be received in anv court of record, unlefs the par- ceived unleft ty offering fuch plea, do, by affidavit, prove the truth thereof, on aftdavit‘ or (hew fome probable matter to the court to induce them to

believe that the fad of fuch dilatory plea is true.

XII.	And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, AAionofdeht That from and after the faid firft day of Trinity term, where brought on any adion of debt (hall be brought upon any fingle bill, or fu>de bill, or

where judgment^ af-



15*

ter money paid,fuph payment may be pleaded in bar*

The like on bonds.

Principal and interelx on bonds paid in court, &c. court may discharge defendant.

Nuncupative

wills.

Qir. a. c.3.

Declarations of ufes, fruits, &c. of dues or recoveries.

99 Car. s.c.>

No claim or entry to be of .force to avoid

Anno quarto Annas.	l*7°S.

whtre altion of debt, or Scire (frail be brought upon *nv judgment, if the defendant hath pajd the moqey due upon fueh hill or judgment, fuch payment (hall )tfid may be pleaded in bajr of fuch a&ion or fuit, and where m action of debt Is brought upon any bond which hath a condition or defeasance to male? void the fame upon payment of a jeffer fum at a day or place certain, if the obligor, his heirs., executors, or admmiftrators, have, before the altihn brought, paid to the obligee, his executors or adrainiftrators, the principal and intereft due by the dpr feazance or condition of fuch bond, though fuch payment was not made ftrjltly according to the condition or defeazance: yet it (hall and may nevertbekfs be pleaded in bar of (uchaoion* and (hall be as effectual a bar thereof, as if the money had beep paid at the day and place, according tathe condition or defeasance, and bad been So pleaded.

XIII.	And be it further malted by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time, pending an adion upon any fuch bond with a penalty, the defendant (hall bring into the court where the action (had be depending, all the principal money, and intereft due on fuch bond, and aHo all fuch cofts as haye been expended in any fuit or (uits in law or equity upon fuch bond, the faid money fo brought in (hall be deemed and taken to be in fujl fatisfalbon and difeharge of the (aid bond, and the court (hall and may give judgment to difeharge every fuch defendant of and from the fame accordingly.

XIV.	And whereas by an a ft of parliament made in the twenty ninth year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An alt for prevention of frauds and perjuries, it is enabled* Jbat no nuncupative will IhaU be good, where the ejlote thereby bequeathed /ball exceed the value rf thirty pounds, that is not proved by the oaths of thru witnejfes, at the leah* that were prefect at the making thereof; it is hereby declared. That aU (uch wkneffes as are and ought to be allowed to be good witneffes upon trials at jaw, by the laws and cuftoms of this realm, (hall be deemed good witneffes to proye any nuncupative will, or any thing relating thereunto.

AV. And whereas it hath been doubted, •whether ftnee the making of the faid laft^mentionei aft of parliament, the declarations or creations off ufes, trufis, or confidences* of oaf fines or common recoveries mamfejled by deed made after the levying or fujfering of fitch fines or recoveries, are good and ejfeftual in law; it is jhereby declared. That all declarations, or creations of ufes, trufts, or confidences, of any fines or common recoveries of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, manifefted and proved, or which hereafter (hall be manifefted and proved, by any deed already made, or hereafter to be made, by the party who is by law enabled fo declare fuch ufes or trufts, after the levying or fuffering of any fuch fines or recoveries, are and (hall be as good and effe&ojri in the law, as if the faid laft mentioned alt had not been mode.

XVI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the (aid firft day of Trinity term, no claim or entry to be made of or upon any lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

Digitized by

Google

1705.]	Anno quarto Annas. c. i€.	159

ditamentt, (hall be of aoy force or effed to avoid toy fine fevi- fineleriedwith ed or to be levied with proclamations, according to the form of proclamati-the ftitutc in that cafe made and provided in the Qpcen’s court ons»&5* unleft of Common Pleas at IVeftminJUr, or in the courts of feffions in commenced in any of the counties palatine, or in courts of grand feffions in Qne year after train, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or (hall be a fuch entry Sufficient entity or claim within the ftatute made in the twenty madc* firft year of King James the Firft, intituled. Anon for limit a- ^mouC# l6‘ tkn of affiant, and for avoiding of fuits in law, unlcfs upon fuch wage*, entry or claim, an adion (hall be commenced within one year next after the making of fuch entry or claim, and profecuted with effed.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid.

That all fuits and adions in the court of admiralty tor teamens wages, which (hall become due after the (aid firft day of Trinity term, (haU be commenced and (bed within fix years next after the caufe of fuch fuits or actions (hall accrue, and not after.

XVIII.	Provided nevertheiefs, and be it further enaded, Provifo incafe That if any perfon or perfons, who is or (hall be intitled to any of nonage, fiich fuit or affirm for feamens wages, be or (hall be, at the tune fciae covert, of any fiich caufe of fuit or adion accrued, fallen or come,

within the age of twenty one years, feme covert, Non compos 9 mentis, imprifoned, or beyond the feas, that then fuch perfon or perfons (hall be at liberty to bring the fame adions, fo as they take the feme within fix years next after their, coming to, or being of full age, difeovert, of fene memory, at large, and return* ed from beyond the feas.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, Aftion agaiaft That if any peribn or perfons, againft whom there is or (hall be^ri^g0** any fuch caufe of fuit or adion for feamens wages, or agaiaft

whom there (hall be any caufe of adion of trefpafe, detinue,brpu^tahsr adions fiir trover, or replevin for taking away goods or cattle, their return, or of adion of account, or upon the cafe, or of debt grounded upon any lending or contrad without fpecialty, of debt for arrearages of rent, or aflault, menace, battery, wounding, and impnfonment, or any of them, be or (hall be, at the time of any fitch caufe of fuit or adion given or accrued, fallen, or come, beyond the feas, That then fuch perfon or perfons, who is or ihali be entitled to any fuch fuit or adion, (hall be at liberty to Provifo. bring the (aid adions againft fiich perfon and perfons, after their return from beyond the feas, fo as they take the fame after their return from beyond the feas, within fuch times as are refpedive-Jy limited for the bringing of the feid adions before by this ad, and by the (aid other ad made in the one and twentieth year of11 Jac* ,*c*1*-the reign of King James the Fjrft.

XX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefeid. That if Bail bond

any perfon or perfons (hall be arrefted from and after, the find taken by (be. firft day of Tnnity term, by any writ, bill, or procefs, iffuing riff, &c. may-out of any of her Majefty^s courts of record at IVeJlminfier, at	t#

the fuit of any common perfon, and the (heriff or other officer ™

taketh bail from fiich perfon, againft whom fuch writ, bill, or

proccfs

Digitized by v^.ooQle

i6o

Anno quarto Ann.®, c.i

[w

Proviib.

Warranty by tenant for lift void.

procefs is taken out, the fheriff or other officer at the requeft and cofts of the plaintiff in fuch adiion or fait, or his lawful attorney, (hall affign to the plaintiff in fuch adiion the bail bond, or other fecurity taken frwn fuch bail, by endorfing the fame, had atteft-ing it under his hand and feal in the prefence of -two of more credible witnefles, which may be done without any damp; provided the affignment fo endorfed be duly ftampt before any adiion be brought thereupon; and if the fold bail bond orai-fignment, or other fecurity taken for bail be forfeited,1 the plaintiff in fuch adiion, after fuch alignment made, may bring an adiion and fait thereupon in his own name, and the court where the adiion is brought, may by rule or rules of the fame court, give fuch reKeF to the plaintiff and defendant in the original action, and to the bail, upon the faid bond or other fecurity taken from fuch bail, as is agreeable to juftice and reafon, and that fuch rule or rules of the mid court fhall have the nature and effeft of a defeazance to fuch bail bond, or other fecurity for bail.

XXL And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, «That all warranties which fhall be made after the faid firft day of Trinity term, by any tenant for life, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the fame defeending or coming to any perfori in reverfion or remainder, fhall be void and of none effect; and likewife all collateral warranties, which fhall be made after the faid firft day of Trinity term, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by any anceftor who has no eftate of inheritance in poffeflion in the lame, fhall be void againft his heir.

XXII. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, No Subpoena That no Subpoena^ or any other procefs for appearance, daiflue 101 h”n filed*" out	court	of	equity, till after the bill is filed with the

ter bill filed. proper 0fficer jn the refpedtive courts of equity, except in cafes

of bills for injundtions to ftay waftes, or ftay fuits at law commenced, and a certificate thereof brought to the Subptpta office, or to him who ufually makes out Subpoenas or other procefs in the feveral courts of equity, under the hand of the fix clerk, or other clerk or officer who ufually files bills in equity, for which certificate he fhall receive no fee. r* j-r wr XXIII. And forthe better preventing vexatious fuits in courts bUlsinMuity *9^^\ be i*further enadied. That upon the plaintiffsdif-plaintiffor * miffing his own bill, of the defendant’s difmiffing theAmc for defendant to want of profecution, the plaintiff in fuch fait (hall pay to the pay full cofts. defendant or defendants, his or their full cofts, to be taxed by a matter: and that no copy, abftradl, or tenor of any bfflin equity, do go with the Dedimus or commiflion for taking the defendant’s anfwer ; but in lieu and recompence thereof, the fworn clerks of the court of Chancery fhall take ta their own ufe, in all caufes, the whole term fee of three fhillings and four pence, and aha the whole fee or fees of and for all fmall v*rit$ made by the faid fworn clerks.

A& to extend XXIV. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, to all fuits for That from and after the faid firft day of Trinity term, this ad the Kings and all the ftatutes of jeofails fhall extend to all fuits in any if debts, &c.	her

Exception.



I7°5*]i	Anno	quarto AnNj®. c. i6.	i6t

her Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlminfter^ for recovery of any

debt immediately owing, or any revenue belonging to her Ma-

jefty, her heirs or fucceUors; and (hall alfo extend to all courts of

record in the counties palatine of Lancaflery Chefter, and Duf-^tx vPhillips

ham, and the, principality of Wales^ and to all other courts ofinScacc. Hil.

record within this kingdom.	J7+6-

XXV.	And for the preventing great vexation from fuing outon quafhing defective writs of error; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid> writ of error That upon the qualhing any writ of error to be fued out after ?efcnda2^to the faidfirft day of Trinity term, for variance from the original havc record or other defedt, the defendants in fuch error (hall recover againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, i(Tiling out fuch writ, his cods, as he fhould have had it the judgment had been affirmed, and to be recovered in the fame manner.

. ,XXVI. And whereas greet trouble and expence is frequently oc~ Probats of cafotud to the widows and orphans of perfons dying intefiate to monies wills and ad-qt wages due for work done in her Majejlfs yards and docks, by dif> putes happening about the authority of granting probat of the wius, and letters of adminijlration of the good and chattels of fuch perfons, and for "preventing fiuh unnecejfary trouble and expence \ be it there-*	,

fore enatfted by the authority aforefald, That the power of granting probats of the wills, and letters of adminiftration of and chattels of fuch perfon and perfons refpe&ively is, a^U^hereby declared to be, in the ordinary of the diocefe, or perfons, to; whom the ordinary power of probat of wills, or granting letters of adminiftratiop do belong, where fuchper^n and perfons (hall refpedtively die; and that the fala-. ry, wages, or pay due to fuch perfon or perfons from the Queen's majefty, her heirs or fucceUors, for work done in any of the yards or docks, (hall not be taken or deemed to be Bona gMa ntabili** mtabilia, whereby to found the jurifdidion of the prerogative court.

XXVIL And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Actions of ac-from and after the faid firft day , of Trinity term, adtions of ac- count may be count (hall and may be brought and maintained againft the brought a-executors and admlniftrators of every guardian, bailiff, and re* Srs ofCguar-ceiver; and alfo by one joint tenant, and tenant in common; dian, bailiff, his executors and adminiftrators, againft the other, as bailiff for See. receiving more than comes to his juft (hare or proportion, ana Auditors to againft the executor and adminiftrator of fuch joint tenant, or ^rtTeTon * tenant in common; and the auditors appointed by the court,oath, where fuch aeftion (hall be depending, (hall be, ana are hereby impowered to adminifter an oath, and examine the parties touching the matters in queftion, and for their pains and trouble in auditing and taking fuch account, have fuch allowance as the court IhalTadjudge to be reafonable, to be paid by the party • on whofe fide the baOance of the account (lull appear to be.

Vol. XI.	M

CAP.

Digitized by LjOOQie

t6t	Anno	quarto	Ann-«. c; tj.	£1705*

CAP. XVII.

An aft to prevent frauds frequently committed by bankrupts.

WHEREAS many perfons have and dodaily become bankrupt, not fo much by redftrn of lofles, and unavowKf able misfortunes, as to die intent to defraud and hinder thrir creditor* of their juft debts and duties to theirt due and owing; fop the prevention thereof, be it enadted by the Queen's <wpft ex.-cellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and cdftfent 6f the lord* ijpiritual and temporal, and common* in this prefent parliatutnt Bankrupts af- aflembled, and by the authority of the feme, That if any pet-* jCr 6* no” fur- ^ or P^0118* from and after the four and twentieth day rendring *** °f 7une> in the year of our Lord one thoufeftd (even hundred themfeives and fix, (hall become a bankrupt withirt the feveral (htttrtd? made within 30 days agatnft bankrupts, or any of them, aind again# whom a commit* dd”f°tiCC> ^on °f bankrupts, under the great feal of England, {fo&\ hi 2-ing their cf- warded and i(Tued out, (hall not within thirty days next after fe!*s to the notice thereof in writing (hall be left at the place of the ufifirt c >mmiffioners, abode of filch perfon or peribns, and notice given in the gazetted occ. to (uffer That fuch commiffion or commiffions is or are iflued forth, and a* tc on*. ^ the time and place of a meeting of the feid cotmniffioners^ fiirrender him, her or themfeives to the commiffioners named in the faid commiffion, or fome of them, and ftibmit to be exxottit* td from time to time upon oath, by and before the (kid coibtnif-fioners, or the major part of them, by the faid commiffiort au±-thorized, and m all things conform to the feveral ftatutes dready tnade concerning bankrupts, and alfo upon fuch examination fully and truly tnfclofe and diicover how, and in what manner^ and to whom, and upon what confideration, he, (he or they bath or have diipofed, afligned dr transferred any of his, her or their . goods, wares, merchandizes, money or otner effects, or eftate, and all books, papers and writings relating thereunto, of which he, (he or they were poiTefled, or in or to which hp, fh$ or^ey were any way interefted or entitled, or which any perfdii at perfons had, or hath, or have had in truft for him, her or them, or for his, her or their ufe, at any time before or after the ifluing out of the (aid commiffion, and aHb deliver up unto the feid commiffioners, or the major part of the commiffioners by the faid commiffion authorized, all fuch part of his, her or their the faid bankrupts goods, wares, merchandizes, effedts and etfate, and all books, papers and writings relating thereunto, as at the time of (uch examination (haH be in his, Mt or their poiieffion, cuftody or power (his, her or their, and his, her and their wives -	and childrens neceflary wearing apparel only accepted) then

he, file or they the faid bankrupt, irt cafe of any default or wilful omiffion therein, or many the premifles, and being thereof lawfully convidted by indidtment or information, (hall fuffer as a felon, without the benefit of clergy.

Lord chancel- IL Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enadted by lor may en- the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and

for



1705*] Anno quarto	Anhm. c. 17. i6j

for the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commiffioners of the , the tJme great feal of England for the time being, to enlarge foe time for for bankrupt’* fuch perfon or perfons furrendring him, her or themfelves, and furrendring dlfeiofiog and dlfcovering hia, her or their eftate and effects, as himfidi, aforefoid, a» the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners, fhall think fit, net exceeding fixty days, fo as fuch order for fo enlarging the tone, bemade by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, orcoinmi (Boners, fine days before the time on which fuch :per*

(bit or perfons was or were fo tofurrendcr him, her or themfelves, and make fuch difcovery, as aforelaid.

- 111. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid. Power of com* That if from and after the (aid four and twentieth day of June, miffioner* of a conraiffion of bankrupt, under the great feal of England^ (hall bankrupcy. iffiie forth againft any perfon or perfon*, That then the com* miffioner* therein named, or the major part of them authorized to put the (aid com midion in execution, -(hall by virtue hereof; aad of the faid commiffion, have full power and authority to fond for and call before them, by (itch precefs, ways or means, as they in tbeir diferetions (hall think convenient, all and every foch perfon and perfom as they (hall be informed and believe can give any account or information <of any adt or ads of bankrpp* cy committed by fueh perfon or perfons, agaiall whom fuch eotnmiffion (hall iffiie forth; and upon their appearance to ex* amine them, and every of them, as well upon their oaths, as otherwife, by foch ways and means as the faid commiffioners, or fiich major part of them, are by law authorized to examine; touching or concerning fuch bankrupts eftate, touching any ad or ads of bankrupcy committed by fuch perfon or perfons a* gainft whom foch commiflion (hall ilfue forth; and if any perfon or perfons, upon payment or tender, and nefofal tp accept of fuch reafonable charge, (haU refofe or negled to come and appear, not having a lawful excufe to be made known to the faid commiffionem, and by them allowed, or being come before Cheat,

(hall refofe. to be fworn, or being of the people called Shaken* to take the folemn affirmation, by law appointed forfoeh people, or being (worn, or having taken fueh affirmation, (hall refufe to aafwer<iM (bah queftions, as by the (aid coaruniffionera (hall be put unttyhans^her or them, relating <0 any ad of bankrupcy ooihmittcdAfothe perfon or perfons againft whom fueh cpmmifr*

Boa kaa wwbdj according to the true intent and meaning df this adkj'Thkashen it (hail and may be lawful for thefaid ooin-nuffiomsav on* fuch major partof them, to commit to fueh pri-fon aitonbatn lhall be thought meet, ail fuch perfon or perfons, and alfb to dired their warrant or warrants to fuch perfon or pcrfinUP **<*&• (hid commiffioners; or greater pant'Of them fhall dunk aMds«to apprehend and aneft foch perfon or perfons ds IttasU fo refofe to appear, and to'commit fuch perfon on perfons to. fiich prifon as the faid commiffioners, or fuch major part of them (hall; think meet, there to remain without bail, or main-, prize, until foch time as fuch perfon or perfons (tall fubmic aim or her felf to the faid commiffioners, and be by them ex-

M 2	amined,



t$4	Anno quarto Annm* c;ry;A

: amined, according to the true intent and meaning of this adfc.

= Provided, That no perfon (hall be obliged to travel above twenty ttite to be fo examined. ’ "	r	( .» #

Bankrupts IV. And be it further enadted by the authority" aforelkid* may be com- That upon certificate made and granted under the hands and. iuftlces war- ***** of the commiffioners, or tuch major part of them, thafc rant to the fuch comfniffibn is iffued forth, and fath perfon of perfonrpnoa* county.gaol ved before them to become bankrupt, That then it ifhafr'and where taken, may be lawful to and for a!i of any of the" judges of ter Ma^ jefty's courts of Queen's Bench, Common Please or £omt o£

' Exchequer, and to and for alt and every ^he joftices ofiithe peace within the kingdom of England^ dominion ;of Wdev+cSi •VJ town of Berwick upton7icv#d, (ami they are hereby hnpowered and required* upon application to them for that purpdfe made)* to grant his or their warrant or warrants under his or them hands and feals, as well for the taking and apprehending lach perfon or perfons, and him, her or them to commit to the coin*: mon gaol of the county where he, (he, or they (hall be fo taken and apprehended, there to remain, until he, (he, or theylball until remo- ^ t^e0Ce removed by order of the faid commiffioners, or fuch ved by com- major part of them, by warrant under their hands and feals; miflioners	and the gaoler or keeper, to whofe cuftody fuch perfect or pen-

warrant.	fens fhall be committed, is hereby required forthwith to'give

notice to feme one of the faid commiffioners in the find comtmf-fion named of fuch perfon or perfons being in his or their cufto*< dy, to the intent the faid commiffioners may fend their warrant to the faid gaoler or keeper (which they are hereby impoweredr and required forthwith to fend) for the delivering fuch bankrupt or bankrupts to the perfon or perfons named in fuch warrant* and thereby authorized to convey fuch perfon to the faid com-mifliorters, in order to fuch examination and difcovery, as a-fhrefaid, as alfo to take and feize any the wares, goods, merchandizes or effects of fuch perfon or perfons, or any of his, her or their books, papers or writings, or any other his or their real or perfona) eftate.

Provifo in cafe * Provided always, and be it enadbedby the authority afbre-of iubmifTion. kid, That if fuch perfon or perfons fo apprehended and taken: within the faid thirty days, fhall fubmit to be examined, and in all things conform, as if he had futrendred himfelf, asby this* a<5V fuch bankrupt or bankrupts is or are required, then foch perfon or perfons fo fubmitting and conforming, fhall have the be-' nefit of this a&, to all intents and purpofes, as if he had voluntarily come in and furrendred himfelf; any thing herein to the contrary notwithftanding. -Goods of fe-	VI.> Provided1 always, and be it enafted by the authority afore-

lons to be di- faid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall by reafon of this a& v*tlcd a!?onS incur the penalty of felony, that then fuch felon’s goods and the creditors. cftatc go to, and be divided amongft the creditors; feeking relief by fecn commiffion; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIL And

i-yoj.]' Anno qoarto Ann.®. c. i 7.

165

. VII. And b* it further enafted by the authority afbrefifid, Allowance to That all and every perfon and perfons fo becoming bankrupt, bankrupts as aforefaid, who ftwkll, within the rime limited by this a&, fur- themfeWes^o render him, her, or themfelves to the major part of the com- the aft. miffiomra thereid-nam«d, and in all things conform as in and	'	~

lay this ad is dirt&ed* (hall be . allowed the fum of live pounds . '^ ptr ttttium out .of the neat produi£t of alltheeftate that (hall be recovered m and received on fuch difcovery, which (hall be unto him by the affignee or affignees of the (aid coramif-fioners, fo as the faid five pounds per centum (hall not amount 1ft»the whole to above the fum of ftwro hundred pounds, and lhaH bef difeharged fpom aH debts by him, her, or them due itad owing at the time that he, (he, or they did become bank* rupt; and in cafe any fuch bankrupt fliall afterwards be 4nrefted, profocuted or impleaded for any debt due before -■ftich time as he, fhe,or they became bankrupt, fuch. bankrupt fliall be difeharged upon conbmonbail, and fliall and may friend in general. That the capfe of fuch action or fuit did acchie before fuch time as he became a bankrupt, and may •give this adt and thefpecial matter iaevidencc, and if a verdidt pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff (hall become nonfuited, or judgment be given againft the: plaintiff, the defendant (hall Yetover his cofts as. in other cafips. *

li VilL Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaft- Provifo in caft mi by the authority aforefaid, That if the neat proceed of fiieh the nea t pro-<bankrupts eftate fo to be difcovered, recovered and received, together with what fliall be otherwife recovered and receive, an^unt8 not dhall not amount to fo much as will pay all and every the ere- to pay ft*. kfl editors of fochbankrupt the fum of eight, (hillings in the pound, t^epound. • after aH charges firfthad and deducted, that then, ?nd in fuch • - • i ’cafe, fuch bankrupt (hall not be allowed the faid fum of five pounds per centum, of fuch eft^te as (hall be fo recovered in,

'but (hall be allowed and paid by .the affignees, fo much money •as the faid affignees and the major part of the (aid conamUiioners (hall think fit to allow to;fuch bankrupt, ;andno more.

IX.	And for the better difeovery of .the faid bankrupt eftate, Penalty on :in cafe hey (he or they (hall nefufe or negledt to furrender him* P61!?118 c<>n-, her or themfelves, and conform to thisiaft, as aforefaid 5 be it effected by the authority aforefaid, That: all and every perfon p i and perfons, -who flrall have accepted of any truft or, trufts, and %uaoed or protect any eftate, either realor perfon a I of any per-ftm* betoming bankrupt, as aforefaid, front hit,, her or their	-m-	1

ereditovs^ and (hall not within thirty days nfext after futh com-	< ?

million (hall iflue forth, and notice thereof,gives* to fu^h perfon ‘

• wiperfods,;^^ and difcbfe fuch truft and:fiftate in waiting, ‘" u* ffeitme oneof thecommiftioner$> and fubmit trimfelfta be-ex-aminbd by the commiffioners, or fuch major part<if them as by 'thofctiicommiffion (hall beattftKoiized, and truly difeover the b feme^Hhall forfeit the fan^ oft>ne hundred pounds, and double1 > >

^the value of the eftate, either real or perfonal fo concealed,.to*1 , r u:' knd for the yfe and benefit of the faid:cr*editor$*f tp b^recover-*i..	M3	ed



*36	Anno	quarto	AkKj*.. cn 7.' f [1705^

ed by aftionof debt, ih arty of her Majefty’s cmfrtb of record, in the name of the affignees of the faidbommiffioners,- in which' cafe cgfts fliail be allowed to either party as in Other Comtnoa

cafes.-

3n ^‘Zdan*' X- And be it further eha&ed by the authority aforefeid, difcovery. That all and every peHon and perfotis, who (hall Withinlixty dayi next after the tube allowed to fuch bankrupt to iurrender htmfelf, and conform, as afbrefaid* voluntarily come in and make difcovery of any part of fuch bankrupts eftate, before the major part of the fiud commiffioners, (hall be allowed the foot Of three pounds per centum, out of the neat proceed Of all that (hall be recovered on foch difcovery, which (hall be paid to the perfon or perfbns fodifcovering the fame, by the affignee or affignees to whom the fame (hall be affigned.

Commiffion- xi. And be, it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, *iift accounfs"" That where there (hall appear to the commiffioners," or the tna<-Mtweenbank, jorpart of them, that there hath been mutual credit given be* rupts and their tween fuch perfon or perfons, againft whom fuch cotrtriiffioa debtor*. (hall ilTup forth, and any perfon or perfons who (hall be-debtor Or -debtors to fuch perfon or perfons, and due proof thereof made, and that the accounts are open and unbalanced, -That then it (hall be lawful for the commiffioners in the- (aid cem-miffion named, orghe major part of them, or the affignee or - . affignefcs of foch commiffion, to adjufl the faid account, and to take the ballance due in full difeharge thereof, and the perfoa '	debtor	to	foch	bankrupt,	(hall	not	be compelled or obliged to

pay more than (hall appear to be due on foch balance,-fosvilb in cafe XII. Provided always, and be it eroded by the authority *-rortion*8*"	drat	nothing	in	this	ad	(hall be conwued to extend to

™	grant	any	privilege,	benefit	or	advantage	to	any	bankrupt	what-

soever, againft whom a commiffion under the great leal (hall iffife forth, who hath, for or upon marriage of any of-his or her children, given, advanced or paid, above the value of one hundred pounds, unlefe he or (he (hall prove, by his nr her books fairly kept, or otherwife, and upon his or her oath, bo-1	fore	the	major	part	of	the	commiffioners	in	fuch	commiffion

named, that he or (he had at the time thereof, over and above •the value fo given, advanced or paid, remaining in goods, wares, debts, ready money, or other real or perfonal eftate fiif-* ficient to pay and fetisfy unto each and every perfon to whom he or (he was anyway indebted, their full and intire debts, • Commiffion- • XIII. Provided always, and be it eroded by the authority a-erstoappwine forefaid^ That the (aid commiffioners, or the major part of within tlj?	them, (hall appoint within the faid thirty days, not left than

30 <tay*.	three feveral meetings for the purpofes aforefaid, the laft -of

- which (hall be on the faid thirtieth day hereby limited for fuch bankrupts appearance. 1 Perfons fued	XIV.	Providedalways, and be.it hereby enabled by the aqtho-

may plead th«rjty.>fore(-ajdj That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued or pt»r genci i ut-' fechted by arty action, bill, plaint or information, for any thing done <or to be done by him, her or tbepi in profeeption of

.	this



1705.]	AnnQ	quarto	Ann^e.	c.	ij.	167

%hls aft, it. (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or per/ons to plead the general iflue, and to give this aft, and the (pecial matter in evidence.

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore- Pcr^ons be-faid, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to give

or grant any liberty, privilege, benefit or advantage in this aft™^ Lc.^o mentioned, to any perfon whatfoever, againft whom a commif- have no bene-fion of bankrupts (hall be awarded, who (hall have loft in any fit ft one day the fum or value of five pounds, or in the whole the fum or value of one hundred pounds, within the fpace or term of twelve months next preceding his or her becoming a bankrupt, in playing at or with cards, dice, tables, tennis, bowles, fhovcl-board, or in or by cock-fighting, horfe-races, dog-matchcs, or foot-races, or other paftimes, game or games whatfoever, or in or by bearing a (hare or part in the (lakes, wagers or adventures, or in or by betting on the Tides or hands of fuch as do or (hall play, aft, ride or run, as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Aft to conti-

That this aft (hall continue and be in force for the fpace of nuefor^yearr. three years, and from thence to the end of the next felfion offi^nar/by parliament, aruflio longer.	7Anx.a5.f4.

XVII.	And for the better encouragement of fuch perfons asEncouragc. already are become bankrupts, to make a true and juft difeovery ment to bank-of their eftates, and to deliver the fame up for the ufe and be- rupts to fur-nefit of their creditors ; be it further enafted by the authority them" aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons who are be- e ves' come bankrupts, and againft whom a commiflion of bankrupt

hath iflued, before the tenth day of March> one thoufand feven hundred and five, who (hall voluntarily, on or before the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, furrender him, her or themfelves to the commiflioners in fuch commiflion named, or the major part of them, and fub-mit to be examined from time to time upon oath by and before the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, and in all things conform to the feveral ftatutes already made concerning bankrupts, and to this prefent act, (hall to all intents and purposes have the benefit of this a<5t.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Penaltyon not authority aforefaid. That if fuch perfon or perfons fo volun-^c.ove,1,lS tarily furrendring him, her or themfelves, (hall afterwards*ieir cI ltcs* negleft or omit to difeover and deliver his, her or their eftates

and effefts, and in every thing aft and do as in this aft is di-refted, every fuch perfon or perfons fhall be taken and adjudged to be a fraudulent bankrupt within the true intent and meaning of this aft, and thereof being lawfully convifted, (hall fuft'er as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the au- No difeovery thority aforefaid, That no difeovery upon oath to be made by of bankrupt to any bankrupt of his or her eftate and effects purfuant to this aft, benefit ot aft° (hall intitle fuch bankrupt to the benefits allowed by this aft, Kiel's com- * imlefs the commiflioners of bankrupts, or the greater part of miflioners cer*

M 4	them

Digitized by

Google

i6S

tifie lord chancellor, &c.

No expences to be allowed for eating or drinking of the commit fioners, on penalty.

r

Amo quarto	c.i£.	[1705;.

them that (hall be named in the commiffion iffued, or to be Iffued againft him or her, fhall in vtririnrxmder their hands and feals, certify to the lord chancellor of England, lord keeper, or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great leal of England for the time being, that fuch bankrupt hatft made difeovery of his eftate and effeds, and in all things conformed himfelf according tQ the direftiQns of this aft, and that there doth not appear to them any rtafon to doubt of the truth of fuch difeovery, or that the fame ifc not a full difeovery of all fuch bankrupts eftate and efftfls; and unlefs fuch certificate (hall be allowed and confirmed by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of England for the time being, or by fuch two of the judges of the courts of Quecn’s-Bench, Common-Plea^, and court of Exchequer at Wejlminjler, to whom the confideration of fuch certificate (hall be referred by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners for the cuftody of the great feal of England for the time being, and the creditors of fuch bankrupts are to be allowed to be heard, if they (hall think lit, before the refpeftive perfons aforefaid, againft the making fuch certificate, and againft the confirmation thereof.

XX.	And whereas commiffions of bankrupts have been often executed with great expence in eating and drinking, at the meetings of the commiffioners, or fome of them therein named, to the great prejudice of the bankrupts and their creditors; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall pot be paid or allowed by the creditors, or out of the eftate of the bankrupts, any monies whatfoever for expences in eating or drinking of the commiffioners, or of any other perfons, at the times of the meetings of the (aid commiffioners, or of any of the creditors, or others, in order to execute or prepare matters for the execution of fuch commiffions \ and if any perfon or perfons named, or to be named, as a commiffioner or commiffioners in any fiich commiffion, (hall order any fuch expence to be made, or eat or drink at any fuch meeting at the charge of the creditors, or out of the eftate of fuch bankrupt, pvery fuch commiffioner fo offending, (hall be difabled for ever after to aft as a commiffioner in fuch, or any other commiffion founded on the ftatutes made againft bankrupts.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for enlarging the pier and harbour of Parton in the county of Cumberland.

Harbour to be enlarged. From \ May, 1706. for eleven years to be paid to th« truftees, for enlarging and repairing the pier and harbour. For every 19i gallons of coals, ad. by the owner, and id. by the mailer of the (hip. And after eleven years, one farthing only for evfery ros gallons for ever. Truitees to appoint colleftors of the duties. Wno are te pay the monies to the receivers. 'Truftees to take fecuiity of the receivers and colleftors. Colleftors to be allowed 6d. in tbe pound. If duties be not paid, colleftors may diftrain. And on non-payment dl-ftreft may be fold. No fhip to be difebarged uqtil matter produce col* leftors receipt of duties paid. Truitees may oontraft for repairing the harbour: and aflign the place of building the pier, &c. Tcuftees may borrow money on credit of the dutig?, at 61. per cent, per annum. Not

exceeding



*7°5-j	Arino quarto AfiN^s. C. 19.	f

exccodiof t $oo!v' Truftew accounts to be examined by juftice* tf <pxart*r (tflioo^ Qn dcath of trottees, furvivors to,choo{e others. No bala£, duft, &c. to be thrown into the harbour. Perfon* fued may plead the genial iffue. A ft to be allowed a publick aft. . E XP.

* - "• cap. xix.. *;

An aftfbV'tho encouragement and increafe bffeamen, and •*

/ir the letter andfpeedier manning her Mojeflrfs fleet.

X.	A ND for the encouragement of all feamen, who are ox How feamett JljL (kali be in her fylajefty’s fervice .at fea, it is hereby turned over declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every trom °£c ieaman who from and after the. five and twentieth day of March, ^fodUie one thoulind /even hundred and fix, (hall be turned over from paid, one /hip to another in her Maiefty’s fervice, or turned afhore, as not being fit for her Maiefiy s fervice, fhall be paid his wages which fhall appear to bedue.to him from the fhip which he was turned over, before fuch fhip to which he fhall be turned over do go to fea, either in money or by a ticket, which ffrall entitle him 4>r hie afiigns to payment within one month after the faid ticket Jhall be prefented to the commiffioners of the navy at their office.

No mariner fentred, and continuing in the Queen's fervice, to be arretted during this war, for a debt not exceeding sol.

XVI.	And whereas by an off made in the fecondyear of her Ma- * Sc 3 Anns,

Jefly's reign, intituled, ’ An act for the increafe of fehmen, and c. 6. * ? ♦ better encouragement of navigation, and thi fecurity of the	v

coal trade, provtflon is made for putting out ofparifl children appren-

* tiers to maflers of trading flips and veffels at the age of ten years; it it hereby enafted, That no fuch matter fhall be obliged to take matter of any fuen apprentice under the aee of thirteen years, or who (hip to take . fhall not appear to be fitly qualified both as to health and apprentice ftrength of body for that fervice; and any widow of the matter u^r0Jj of fuch fhip or veffel, or the executor or adminiftrator of fuch y matter, who fhall have been obliged to take fuch parifh boys apprentice to them, fhall have the fame power of afligning over fuch apprentices to any other matters of (hips or veffels, who have not their compliment of apprentices required by the faid recited aft, to be entertained by them, as is given by the faid aft to fuch perfons, as have taken children apprentices in purfuarice	1	^

of the ftatute made in the forty third year of Queen Elizabeth. 43 Eh*. *-

XVII.	And whereas all fuch perfons, who in purfuance of the	",	'	\

faid aft, have voluntarily bound, or hereafter flail fo bind themfehCs -apprentices to fuch maflers or owners, as therein is ftcplrrffed, are exempted from her Majeflfs fervice for the term of three years, from];	^	f

the date of their refpeftive indentures: and whereas fuch exemptions	,.	,

from her Majeflfs fea fervice for the term of three years, which

' was intended for the encouragement of landmen, to bind themftlvis . apprentices to the fea fervice, hath been manifeftly abufed for the exempting and trotefting of feaiken from the faid fervice, who having bound themfelves apprentices, have claimed fuch exemption, and demanded proteftions accordingly, to the great hindrance and prejudice of her Majeflfs fea fervice; be.it therefore furthof enafted and Noappren-^edared, That no perfon or perfons of the age of eighteentices^tofea

years, fervice of 18 

Aatw qawto	c .1$,[1705,

year* old, wan, tfwH have any csesipMOB' Vf pwtedion from tier Ma-

the QueerO*1	k*	wko	(hall	ham^ean in any fea fervice before

lervice at fea. time they bound themfelvet»prenlfces; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof In any wile notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And whereas by an off. ef parliament made in the feconi %h\ Phil, k l**r °f	°f	&nZ	Philip <wi §hften Mary, intituled, An

Mar. c. 16. aft touchingwatettnen and bargemen upon the river of Thames, it f* *•	was enafttd, That if any perfon or perfons, which from and after the

rime therein mentioned, fboedd nfe am enerdft the occupation of row-* ing betwixt Grtltefend and Windfor, wkuh in the time of the ex-ecution of any cmmijjion of prefling, that Jbctdd be hodfor the ferric* rf the King and Queen's majefty m their affairs, fboedd iudlingfy, voluntarily, and ob/finateh withdraw, hide, or convey him or them* felves in the fame time of preffing, into furet places iad act comers, and after, when fuch time of prefling is

tome again to the river of Thames, to row Sktmu^fSUktubmd Windfor aforefmd, and that duly proved by two indifferent tritoaffk before the krd mayor, and court of aldermen, or jst/tices of peaces and •two of the rulers of the company of watermen, that then be or they Jo doing and offending, /ball fuffer xmprifmmentfor tri fpace of two weeks, and be hanijbed any more to row from thenceforth upon tie food river of Thames, by the fpace of one whole year and adaythen next following : and whereas by an aft made in the eleventh year of bis late 11 & 11 W. 3. mayfly King William the Third, intituled. An act for explana-c. 11. tion and better execution of former afts made touching watermen and wherrymen, rowing on the river of Thames, and fop the better ordering and governing the faid watermen wherry-men, and lightermen upon the faid river between Grqytf-and and Winder, porfons who keep or work, or Jbatt be rowing or navigating any lighter or lighters, or other great crffifSb sept, as in the faid aft is excepted) Jball bejpegi/lred in the company of watermen : and whereas in this time of war, divers watermen, bargemen» lightermen, and wherrymen, belonging to the faid river, do iAfcond and not enter themfelves into her Mayfly's fervid*, and it being highly neceflary that a convenient number of fuch watermen, bargemen, lightermen, and wherrymen, Jbould from time to time be obliged to Jerve on board her Majejly's feet; be it enafted by the Watermen, authority aforefaid. That in cafe fuch number of them as the lord fa.iiuDmonr high admiral, or any three or more of the commifjionefis for ex-ed^hernlen^g	office of lord high admiral of England for tbe.thne be-

panyCto°for?e fog* (hall from time to time give notice to the faid company of on board the watermen, there (hall be occafion for to ferve her Majefty, her fleet, and not heirs and fucceflbrs, (being duly fummoned by leaving notice in t^Ee^flSL’fd	^ the plw of their ufual abode by the company) within

£C- cd* ten days after luck fummons, (hall not appear before the rulers of the laid watermens company, to be fent on board her Majefty’s fleet, fuch perfon or perfons fo fummoned, and being duly con--vifted before the lord mayor and court of aldermen of the city of London, or two juftices of the peace of the faid city, and two of the laid rulers, that then he or they fo doing and offending, IhaJl -Jfoffer imprifoinent during the (pace of one month, and be dif-

abfoi



i7©sJ	tonoqymto Am&*	tyt

sMed from ddwiflg* or- working ufoa the laid finer of Tbstw%

Aid of enjoying any the advantages or privileges of the- faid oompatty for theipace of two years. '

Infblvent debtor* who fhdl before tbe firft of May, J70C. foxrenderjr x p# their tffo&t to tbe life of tMr creditor* t and take an oath $ and eo-t*r tbandUvet on board , tbe nary to ferve during the wr 5 to be dif-c barged from all debt** dec. Any three juftices may go to any prifon, bnd examine what prilbners ate rn for debt, not exceeding 6o!. and grant their warrant for fuch Who are able to ferae, to be font oh beard the fleet*

Nboeto bave benefit of this aft, aoiefii be continue in tbetenvioe during this ware nor be difcbaxged out of prifon if indebted more than 60L Discharge of prdbner, not to difcharge his debt, &c.

CAP. XX.

An act for tie better enabSttg the and . . ajftftants Trinity Houle, to rebuild tbe light on '	theEdyftonc rock.

WHEREAS	m and byone ail of parliament mode in the

eighth year of the reign ef mr late fovertignlady Queen Bfanfrvth, intituled. An aft to enable the matter, wardens, and * £tiz. c- t j. attftantv of Trinity Houfe at DeptfordStroud, to ereft fea marks We. • tfhry tbe feed snafter,	-wardens,and art

te	era#and fit up beanos,marts, and figns for	the	needful far

avoidhtg the dangers, aud te renew, continue, and maintain the in-fads manner as in the faid ail is mentioned: and whereas there now	is,mud time	out of mmbath been, a very	called

the Ettyftone, lying off ^/Hytnooth in tbe county of Devon, upon Edyftonerock. which* divers flaps and veffets	have been toft away, and the lives and

gootiotfmuuy fuhjeBs ef tbit tingdem loft and deftreytd: and whereas npunapjiioatim	feme time five made to the feud mafter, mordent,

and efftfluntt, by gnat numbers of	mafter sand owners ef flapping,

U hove 0	tight iotife spoiled upon tbe find rod, offering and agreeing,

in ceufiderotien of the great charge,difficulty, and hazard of fuch an underrating, to pay tt tbr faid mafter,wardens, and affiants, one penny opertan outwards, and the Hie inwards, for all /hips and veffils Wbtib/bould ftffs by fuch tight houfe (coafters excepted, JholM toothtt fence only for each voyage -,)they thefaid	and

dfftftantsi batting a due regard te the fafety and preservation of the /tipping	ant navigation of this kingdom, did in the year of our Lord

outtkonfmdftx -hundred ninety fix, easefea light houfe to he begun to beeht&ed 'en the faid rock, and in three years time a tight was placed abetthey and-the find tight houfe in the term offlue yeans was, with much hazard and difficulty, and a very great expence, fully built and cempbated, to the great fatisfaftion efthe flag officers and commanders if the flat and flips of War, and of all others	trade	and

navigation,	the'Jame being mt only	-ujefulfir avoiding'the dangerous

tetit^tpon which it was built, hat alio-a guide faffing through the channel from ana to all parts of the world : and Xwhereas the /aid 'light houfe wasprefervedand kept up ,fer fevcral years,	ttOHuiChftanding the grefb force and violence of the ivtttd and

fta,	(UOuhichit was	expofed) until the late dreadful form in November, one	tboufand feven hundred and	, when tbe fame was

blown



ijd	Aftno	quSrto'AiwJB.	x?ai	*	£1705;

blown dowrl and defrayed: and whereas it was found by experience, that the faid light houfe. (daring the ftandmfthereof) was of publici ufe and benefit to this kingdom, d naans to preferve her Mnjtftfs . :	\fidps of wOr, and she flipping, livesand oflates of her fubjefts,

and was ufeful and beneficial to navigation \ and forafmuch.ess the foeedy rebuilding the Jaid light hdufe is absolutely necefiary for avoiding the dangers attending the navigation and trade of this kingdom, and in regard the fame is a work of great charge, hazard, and ex-pence, and all due and proper encouragement ought to be given thereunto ; to the end therefore that the faid mafter, wardens, andajjfftants, may be encouraged to new ere ft and build, or caufe to be new ertfted and built, the faid light houfe, with aw convenient fpeed, and con-fiantlf to keep and maintain the fame for the benefit.of the navigation Mafter, war- and trade of this kingdom \ be it enaded by the Queen’s moft ex-dens and af- cellent majefty, by and with thfe advice and confent of the lords ni^boufeto fp^tuaJ and temporal, and commons, rn tnrs preient parJia-newereft a ment afferhbled, and by the authority of the fame, at the humble light houfe on petition of the faid mafter, wardens and affiftants, That from the Edyftone	and after the kindling or placing a light ufeful for (hipping

rock.	hi the faid light houfe, fo intended to be re-built, as aforebid*

Duties to be there (halt be paid to the faid mafter, wardens and affiftants of paid by all	Trinity-Houfe of Deptford-Strond, their fucceflbrs and ailigns, by

hxm	the mafters and owners of all Englifh ftups, hoys, and barks

paffing by the wj1jc^ pafs by tjic faid light houfe fo intended to beereded* as aforefaid, (except coafters) the duty of one petty per ton out? ward bound, and alfo one peny per ton inward bound, {that is to fay) of the merchant one moiety, and of the owner of the fhip, hoy or bark the other moiety; and of all fuch ftranger or aliens (hips and veffels, as (hall happen to pais by the faid ' light houfe or beacon, the Turin of two pence for every ton of the burden of the faid (hip or veflel; and that every coaller paffing by the faid light houfe- fo to be cre&ed, (hall pay the duty of two (hillings, and no more, for each time they (hall pafs by the faid light houfe ; the faid feveral duties to be collected and received by fuch perfon or perfons as the faid matter* wardens and affiftants, or their fucceftors, (hall appoint tit that behalf, in fuch port or place Whence fuch (hip, hoy or bark (hall fet forth, or where fuch (hip, hoy or bark (hall arrivebtfore they Duties where load or unload the goods therein; the faid duties to be recovered T£xtJtr^^e d ky a^*°n debt in any court of record at Wefimnfler, wherein e$nedby* no wager of law, or protection (hall be allowed, nor more s An. c. 17. than one imparlance.	.	ait

cap. XXL .; " “

An act for the. encreafe and bettor prefcrvatioti of falmon and other fijh, in the rivers within the couutieso£$Q uth-ampton and Wilts.

Salmon	VX^HEREAS thefalmona^Jalmm-lindof fifl> "Mting U

ries in the T * /pawn within the rivers anafrejhes in the County of South-counties of ampton, and/outhem parts of Wiltfliire, are in danger of utter Southampton decay, to the great lofs of this kingdom, and the royalties'and fifheries tod Wilts. 'tn tjje CQUntm arg \n gr£at meafure confumed and defrayed, by

placing



i7°5-]	Anna	quarto	Anna* c.ar.	173

placing divers engines and other devices in and upon the main rivers, ped iso the new ehattnels, dykes, and cuts, which noware or Jhallbe cut OHt efiihe feme river sy by means whereof the falmon Jlripes or kipper s,	>

as wed as the young fry or fmelts are taken and dejlroyed, and are prevented from naming to the fea in feafon: and whereas the owners and couplers ef the falmon fijherics within the faid counties, regarding only their trivote and greedy profit, do dejlroy the flock of the /aid fisheries * by preventing the breed of good fijb to pafs iti feafon tlfrangb their fijhing wyres, and fijhing hatch-ways, from the fea iyeto the faid rivers to fpawn, and by killing fucb as are under fze, and by fifbing continually out of feafon, at and in the faid fijhing wyres pod. creeks of the rivers, with nets and other devices, whereby not only tin increafe of the fpecies of the faid fifl), but alj'o the growth thereof is its great meafure dejlroyed; and whereas notwithfianding the mdny good laws before this time made, andfill in force, with intent 00 prohibit unlawful killing or other wife dejhoymg the game of this kingdom, divers fiurdy and diforderly perfons (through defied in the fried: Jaws for fujficiently pumjhing of offenders, and neglecting their lawful employments) do poach with nets and angles, gins, and other wmmful engines, and by unlawful means in the night, and at other times* do iakiy kill, and dejlroy the fijh, to the great detriment of the lords of manors, and the other owners and occupiers offijberies in the JjoidPimty of Southampton, and J'outhern parts of Wiltlhire ; for Aft 4 Sc 5 W. lentody whereof, be it enacted by the Queen's moft excellent &M. c. Dijefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-forthebetter litutl and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ^ref^^lon tfleortJed and by the authority of the fame. That the ftatute filing to be 7 made in the fourth and fifth year of the reign of King William and put in executeWmc Mary, ngw in force for the better prefervation of the game ti®n» l3affog ta falmon fifhing, and every article and thing therein con- ^ ^	I3<

tidned, (hall be duly put in execution, according to the tenor of flat. 1. c. 47. thefame; and that the ftatute made in the thirteenth year of King Edward the Fkft, whereby it is provided that the waters of Hhnber, Owfe, Trent, Dover, Arte, Dervent, IP'herfe, Nid-diore. Swale, Tefe, Tine, Eden, and all other waters wherein udmon betaken, (ball be in defence from taking lalmon, from the nativity of our Lady unto Saint Martin s day; and likewiiethat young young (almonxihaU not be taken nor defiroved by nets, nor by falmon to be other* engines, at mill pools, from the midft of April unto the deitroyed by nativity of Saint John the Baptift, and in places where frelh ncts» waters be ; (hall extend and be in full force, as well to all and every the rivers, creeks, and waters in the county of Southampton, and fouthern parts of li'iltjhire, as to the waters in the laft-mentioned aft here above enumerated and contained, and in like manner, and under the fame pains and penalties as therein mentioned and .exprefled,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Overfeers of there (hall be affigned overleers of this ltatute, by any two or t*”5ac* more juftices of the peace, refiding within five miles of the |^”ccgd by refpc&ive rivers within the faid counties of Southampton and c IPiltJhire, under their hands and feals, fiom time to time, who beio^fvrorn before the faid juftices of the^eace, (hall often fee

Digitized by

Google

174	Anno qiiarto Attnx. c. zi.	['1705.

Who (hall en- and enquire after the offenders againft this ftatute, and (hall S",re after	take and apprehend aH and every rich offender andoffeaders,

otteoden.	take	And deftroy aN nets and other craft and et^tl»;'vtMN

they fhall find the fame, being kept, ufed, or in bein^ contrary to this or any other a& now in force relating To fifhing \ and Off and every offender and offenders fo taken or apprehended by the faid overfeers, or any of them, or by any other'lawftal means, fhaH be brought before (bate jnfttee of the peaoe of the faid counties, to anfwer for every fach offence, and being-ett*^ vidted before tnyfuchjuftice of the peace for the (aid cotmtfew, by one or more wknefles upon oath, which oath the (aid iuftiod hath hereby power to adminifter, or confeffion of foch offender, Penalty'on	(half for the firft trtfpaft or offence, forfeit a Arm to be afeertained

e^aden*	by fuch juftiee of the peace, before whom fuch cowvkftion (halt

be made, not under twenty (hillings, nor more than five pound*, and for the fecond trefpafs or offence, (hall forfeit a fum not under forty (hillings, to be aTcertainOd, as aforefaid, nor mop* than ten pounds, and as the trefpafs or offence (hdl increafn to double the penalty; to be afeertained, as aforefaid; One hatf (hereof to be paid to the informer, and the other half thereof to the poor of the parifh where the faid offence or offences (hall be committed; and in cafe the offender or offenders (hall not be able, or do not on demand pay the faid penalty or penalties, then he or they fhaH be fent by inch juftiee of the peace, before jWhom fuch conviction (hall be made, as aforefaid, to the hanft or hotifesof correction within the (aid reactive counties Tw*kcte fuch offender or offenders (hall be taken, and there kept for (feta fpace of three months,	•	*t

No iyrfoa, HI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbreftud, qualified or That no perfon or perfons (not being by law duly qualified) orkift&Jmon (hall^hereafter kill, deftroy, or wilfully hurt any falmon or feV-until after the mori-kind, or any other fi(h, and that neither they, nor any eleventh of other perfon or perfons' whatfoever, (hall and may at any time November, or times after the thirtieth day of June, which fhall be in the mriftTfr t 7ar our k°rd> one ‘houfand feven hundred and fix, take, GeoTi. fat. a. kill, or deftroy any falmon, falmon-peale, or falmon-kiitd, by c. it. (eft. m. hawks, racks, gins, nets, angles, or other devices whatfoever, at tw it* <mm- until after the eleventh day of November, in every year, or offer tAmt^e *° fek *nX °f the faid fi(h io taken, under the like pains, ptoal-"Mru’’ c' ties, forfeitures, and imprifonments, as are herein before-mentioned.

Owner.of IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefiAd} That around. to let ^ *ny i*'mon or falmon-kind (hall go into any of thedykes, cut*, g0t or water carriages, that then all owners and occupiers of meadow to thy dykes, grounds in and and upon the banks of any waters or rivers in paf. into the the faid counties within the time limited and reft rained by the nusanvA* fod a#s (ball permit the faid fiftt to pafs or go out of the faid ~'n‘ cuts, or dykes, or dreams, into the mam rivers again, and not by any wilful means to deftroy them for fale, or otherwife^ under the like'pains, penalties, forfeitures, and imprifotunonr, as afore*mentioned.

V.	And

6

1705.]	Anno	quarto	A»M A C. 11,	175

V.	And be it enaded by the -authority aforefaid, That all owners and occupiers of Com, lulling and paper mills, and ®° k®*P other mills, upon any of the waters or rivers in-the faid coun-	the

ties, (hall eonftanthr keep open one fcettle or flnall hatch of wafte batch ; a foot fquare -in the Wafte-hatch or water-eourfe in the direbl for the falmon ft ream, wherein no water-whed ftandeth, fulficisnt for the t°JP*r*and re* falmon to pafs and rtpafs freely up and dpwn the faid rivers p *’ & in the laid counties, from the eleventh day of November, to-the one and thirtieth day of May in every year,, during which fe»-ftm, the oldfaltnon and the young fry of theprecedkigycar retire to the fea, and the breeding falmon Conte from the lea to fpawn, 'and (hall not make uie of any nets, pots, racks, And not ufe hawks, g£ns, or other devices whatfoever to be placed in tha net*» bid (cuttle or fmall hatch of a foot fquare in the faid wafte*

' hatch, in or abour the (aid mills refpedtivdy, during the (aid term, to kill or deftroy, or. take any falmon or falmoa-kind,

3xm the like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and iniprifenment, as orefaid j and in cafe they, (hall lay* any pots or nets to catch Eel pot* to eels, after the firft day of January, to the tenth day of March in k**e r*c.ks every year (which they may do) they diall 'fet necks before ”*oret em* them, to keep out of the fatd pots or nets the old-falmon or kippers, which, during tbatdeafcn, are out of kind, and returning to the fea; and after die tenth day of , to the one tod thirtieth day of May in every year, they (hall lay no pot, net, or engine, but what (hall lie wide enough to 1 let the fry of falmon pais through to the fea, or (hall take, or keep, or offer to (ale any of the young fry, that, during the lesions afore-faid, are' returning from the laid rivers to, the fea, upon the pains, penalties, forfeitures, and imprifonmfcTytt, as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforeiaid, Jf* t™"*? That no bouges, otherwife called fea trouts, (hall be taken in rivoraT** * toy of the laid rivers, creeks, or arms of the fea in the coun-	*	-

ties before-mentioned, after the thirtieth day of June, to the eleventh day of November every year, upon tne like pains, penalties, forfeitures, and imprisonments, as aforeiaid.

VII.	And whereas divers	, idle, and mean perfont, have N°ne keep

and keep nits,	angles, leaps, pitches, and other enginesfor the taking and otb£, than

killing ofjijh out of the	ponds,waters, rivers, and fifherin in thefaid what ate al-

teunties, to the damage of the owners thereof; be it therefore enabled lowed by by the authority aforeiaid. That no perfon or perfons whatfoever +&JW.&M. ihall have or keep any net, angle, leap, pitch, or other engine0"w & for taking of fifh, other than as is provided for and allowed of m. to.' by an ad (nade in the fecond year of King IVilliam and Queen Mary, intituled. An alt for the mere eafy difovery and onvihiion *******■ effuch as JhaR defray the game of this kingdom, and the fubfequent	m

a«s made in the third, fourth, and fifth years of the laid KingyS as Mttktmand Queen Alary,for the more eafy convibHon of foch here ref er- ■ as (balldeftroy the game of this kingdom} none of which ads, or any part or matter therein contained, or in any other abt re- ■	^

lating to the prefervation of the game of this kingdom, b here-by intended or deemed to be repealed.

VIII. And



17$	Anno	quarto Anna, c* 22*	[1705*

r	VHI.	Afid	be	it	*nadcd, Th*t if any perfon or perlkms (hall

Miag feinsaa, jyj or expofe to- fele any falmon or fylmon-kiiu} in the (aid iQe«.i. <w8, counties, from the thirtieth day ofto the eleventh day of Cii. *	November in every year, fuch perfon or perfons (hajl for every

f	falmon or falmon-kind fo fold or expoled to fale, be fubjed to

■	the pains, penalties, forfeitures, and imprifomnents, as afore-

1 fai«L	*

Forfeitures of . IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefiud, offenders to That all the forfeitures and penalties arifing by conviction of diftrefiTan/ any offender or offenders again# this ad, (hall be levied by fale, &c. diftrcfs. and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the band and fcal of the juftice before whom the offender or of-«• fenders (hall be convided, rendering the overplus, if any be, and for want of diftrefs, the offender or offenders (hall be com-knitted to the boufe or houfes of cprredion in the faid counties, as afbnefaid.

Extent of the . X., Provided always, That this ad, or any thing herein ‘ contained, foall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to any county or place in this kingdom, fave only to the (aid county ' of Southampton, and the fouthern parts of IViltJhtre \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXII.

An aff to impower the lord high treafurer, or commijjmrs of the treafury, to ijfue out of the monies arifing by the coinage duty y any fum not exceeding five hundred pounds, \ over and above the fum of three tboufand pounds yearly, for the iifes of the mint.

H£RE AS in and bs one aft ofparliament made in the eighteenth IS Gar. 1. c. 5. V V ytar of the reign of his majejly King Charles the Seconds inti-

'L...... tulcd, An ad for encouraging of coinage; it is, dmongjl other things,

tmfted, That there Jhould not be ijfued out of the Exchequer, of the monies accruing by the fold aft in any one year ,for the fees and fibrin of the officers of the mint or mints, and towards the providings main« tamings and repairing the boufe;, offices, and buildings, and other ne-tyjfaries, for affaying, melting-down, and coining, above tHe fum of three tboufand pounds Jlerling, which faid aft has been continued,

. and is Jlill in force : and whereas the faid three tboufand pounds bos ...	.•	,	been by experience found not to be fufficicnt, and the refidue of the

' monies arifing by the faid coinage aft is appropriated, as in the fame " aft is mentioned; be it therefore enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-After 15 Dec. liament affemhled, and by the authority of the fame, That it 1705. lord (Hall and maybe lawful to and for the lord treafurer, and under iffue ?ool.t0 seafarer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, yearly out of by orders or warrants, to iffue out of the Exchequer, or du-the coinage pofe of the monies arifing by the faid coinage duty yearly and duties tor the every year, from and after the twenty fifth day of December,

one

Digitized by

Google

X705.J	AnnbquartoAnn.*.	c.23— 26.	177

Ofee thoufand fevdn hundred >*nd five, any - fum or fonas oflalarifesofthe >nfenhot exceeding thft yearly futn of fivfe hundred pounds,	ot th*

fever and above the' yfcavty ft ra or three thoufand pounds above-tnepHcWjedj for the fees or friaries of the officer* of the mint or rrfffets ', andf towards the providing, maintaining, and re-pifJrirtg'the faid houfrs, offices, and building*, and other, ne-Ceflaries before-mentioned: the faid recited a« or ads, or any othfer law, ftatute, or ufege to the connrary thereof in any'wile -fltoWrithftabding. .............

;;; 77.	cap.	xxm.

An a£f for rsifing tbe militia for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix, notwithstanding the month’s pay formerly advanced, b? not .' repaid j and for an account to be made of trophy monies. EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft to enlarge the time for regiftring unfatisfied debentures upon the £ forfeited eftatesin Ireland, and tor renewing Of other debentures, which have been loft, burnt, or ddtrbyed.

CAP. XJtV, '

An for the paying and clearing the feveral regiments corhmartded by g x P, .'lieutenant genera! Stewart, colonel Hill, and brigadier Holt, and for *

< fupplying tbe deftft of the mttfter-rolls of thOfc and ftveral other re-* giments.

C AP- XXVI,

An off for	making efflefiuai a grant of their late majtjties

King .William and $tuetn Mary, of tbe town and lands of Seatown to the ardjbijboprick of Dublin, and for re-ftoring tbe fame to tbe faid fee.

WHEREAS Ay	tbe ahIs of fattlement and explanation hereto- Forfeited

•fore made and pdffed in tbe kingdom of Ireland, it was lands ancient* enafied,	Thaifo much Of tho then forfeited lands	as were anciently *7the

the right 'and inheritance of the fat gf Dublin, but granted in fee-	lc*

farm'by tho	former armbijhops of	that

under a refervation of chief rent from the

theft under whom they claimed, Jbould be fat out in augmentation to the fkid fee, as	Jboitldcomplete the revenue thereof to tbe fum of two

ibottfiad pounds per annum ; and purfuant thereunto the late com-nuffumtrs forputting in execution the laid alts, did fat out to the then arthbijhop of Dublin, and his ftutejfors. feveral , and as part thereof, the lends of Seatown, Newton, Blackail, Gamble, Smiths* Seatown, land, and feveral other lands and tenements in and about the town Newtown, of Swords, containing together four hundred thirty feven , lying Blackball, tn the baronyof Nethercrofs, in the county of Dublin {beingfer- 92^ie,.

mtrly the propriety of Chriftopher Ruflell, a	chriftopher

and ivhertas the faid	arehbi/hop, and his , remained in yW/huffell a for-

ahd-pmt pbffeffam of the faid town and lands, till the year one /«w-feitingperfonf fandfix	huttdrtd eightyand eight, when Bartholomew Ruflell,

of the faid Chriftopher Ruflell, fet up a pretended title to the faid^ e *	*

townanddands,' and the late earl of Tirconnell, being chief gover-• nor of the kingdom of Ireland, and the judges being Irilh ,

V'oi, XI.	N	judgment



iyt	Aimo	quarto	Anhjb. c. 26.

judgment was given againft the then archbijbop #/Dublin, in favour of the faid Bartholomew Ruflell, and he obtained poj/effion of tb* find town and lands, and continued in the pojfejfion thereof until the reduction of the faid kingdom ^Ireland, by h%s late majtfiy King attainted of William the Third, of glorious memory: and whereas the faid treak>n# Bartholomew Ruflell, being aftually engaged in the faid rebellion % he was endHted and attainted by outlawry of treafon, and died fa Seatown, &c. attainted: and whereas their late Majejlies, by their letters patent» gF2hwa^° tbf ^eartnl ^°te 091 or	l^e fixt^	*f September, in the fifth pear.

Dublin and°f °f *heirfaid late majejlies reign, did give, grant and confirm unto his fucceffon Narciflus, then lord archbijbop of Dublin, and his fuccejfors the forever. archbijhops of Dublin for ever, all that and thofe the aforejeii town and lands, and alfo all the eftate, right, title, and inhere ft, which their faid late Majejlies then had, or might, or ought to have bad of in., and to the premijfes, or arty part or parcel thereof by force of the aforefaid feveral a Sis of fettlement or explanation, or either of them, or otherwife howfoever, to hold unto the faid Narciflus archbijbop Dublin, and his fuccejfors, archbijhops ^Dublin, for ever; to the ufe of the faid archbijbop and his fuccejfors for ever, pay-tng therefore thereout yearly, unto their faid late Majejlies and their fuccejfors, the Jeveral yearly rents therein particularly mentioned, amounting in the whole to the fum of nine pounds, eighteen Jbillings, and eleven pence halfpenny, to fte paid into the Exchequer of the kingdom of Ireland, at the feajt of Saint Michael the archangel, Avchbifliop and the annunciation of the bUJfea virgin Mary, half-yearly^ and not profecut- whereas by reafon the late archbijbop of Dublin, did not profecute a the premifTe* cty*m °f	PremijFes in the right of his church, before the

before the	for fins nominated and \appointed truftees for the putting in execution

truftees, in	the powers and authorities relating to the forfeited and other eftates

right^hiv	and interefts in Ireland, in and by an aft made in the eleventh yep

Jft* w	rii€*	°f ^ts ^*te maJefiy William the Third, intitulii,

* ** An act for granting an aid to his Majefty by (ale of the forfeited and other eftates and interefts in Ireland, and by a land-tax, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, the faid archbtfbop of Dublin was put out ofpojfejfion ofall andfingular thefaidpremiSh, and the fame were expofed and put to fale by the faid truftees, as toe eftate The fame fold rf the faid Bartholomew Ruflel : and whereas by indenture bearing by the tru- date on or about the twenty third day of June, in the year of our Lord Stript0 Df;	one thoufand feven hundred and three, made, or mentioned to be made,

lord arch-11^* between Sir Ceryll Wych knight, Francis Annefley efq\ John bifhopof Baggs efq\ John Trenchard efq\ John Iftiam ejq; Henry Lang-Dublin, and ford ejq\ James Hooper efq\ John Cary gentleman. Sir Henry his hein.	Shere knight, Thomas Harrifon efq; William Fellowes efq\ and

Thomas Rawlins efq\ furviving truftees, nominated and appointed for putting in execution the powers and authorities relating to the forfeited and'other eftates and interejls in Ireland, enafted in and by the 11 8c i» W. 3. tfortfatd aft* intituled. An act for granting an aid to his majefty »•	'	by fale of the forfeited and other eftates and interefts in Ireland,

and by a land-tax, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, of the one part, and the moft reverend father in God, deft or William King, lord archbijbop of Dublin, cf the other pert, the foil

fir

Digitized by CjOoq ie

tyosO . Anno quarto Aksjb. c.2&	ij§

Sir CeryH Wych, Francis Annefley, John Baggs, John Tren-chard, John Ilham, Henry Langford, James Hooper, John*

Cary, Sir Henry Shere, Thomas Harrifon, William Fellowes,

and Thomas Rawlins, pkrfuant to the faid aft of parliament, and

to another aft of parliament then lately made, intituled, An, a& for i Ann*, ftat.

advancing the fale of the forfeited eftates in Ireland, and for veft- ». c. n.

ing fuch as remained unfold by the then truftees, in her Majefty,

her heirs and fuccefiors, for fuch ufes as the fame were before

veiled in the faid truftees, and .for the more effectual felling

and fetting the faid eftates in proteftants, and for explaining

feveral a6ls relating to the lord Bophen and fir Redman# Everaxfi,

and in execution of toe powers and authorities to them thereby given,

and in confederation of the fum of three thoufand one hundred and five For

{bounds fterling, paid, and jecured to be paid by the faid doftor Wil- fterling. jam King, lord archbijmp of Dublin, in fuch manner as therein is mentioned, for the abfolute purchafe. of the lands therein and herein after mentioned, they the faid truftees did bargain and fell unto the faid doftor William King, archbijbop 0/* Dublin, all that and thofe the town and lands of Seatown, containing by eftimation two hundred thirty four acres, and thirty two perches profitable land, plantation meafure, more or lefs; Newtown containing one hundred and Jeventeen acres, and like land and meafure, more or lefs; Biackali and Gamble, containing one hundred and feventy acres, and like land and meafure more or lefs \ and all thofe lands known by the name of Smith’; land, with the feveral gardens, plots, and cabins in the town of Swotds ; and all that parcel of land in Broad Meadow, containing two acres, three roods, and fixteen perches profitable land, plantation meafure, be the fame more or lefs \ lately belonging to the faid Bartholomew Ruflell, attainted as aforefaid-, with all mef-fuages, edifices, ways, waters, watercourjes, woods, underwoods, commons, and all other rights, members, appendencies, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, or in any wife appertaining, and the teverfions and remainders thereof, to hold to the faid doftor William King, lord archbijbop <5/* Dublin, his heirs and ajfigns, fubjeft to a yearly quit rent of nine pounds eighteen/billings eleven pence half penny refervtd to her Majefty, her heirs, and fuecejfors, as by the feud recited letters patents, deed and other proceedings, relation being thereunto had, may more at large appear: and whereas by virtue of the faid lafi recited indenture, the inheritance of the faid town and lands herein laft-mentioned, was vefted in the Jaid lord archbijbop of Dublin, and his heirs, in his natural capacity, the benefit of which grant and conveyance [although the fame is of Very great advantage) be the faid William lord archbijbop 0/Dublin is willing to quit, fo that the Jaid lands may be rejlored to the church: to the intent therefore that the pious intentions of their late majeflies King William and Queen Mary, in granting the faid town, lands, and premijfes to the fee of Dublin may take effeft. May it pleafe your molt excellent Majefty, That it may be enacted, &c.

town and lands, &c. fold by truftees, &c. vefted in the faid archbifhop, and his fucceflbrs for ever, and annexed to the revenues of the fee. Sud-jed to the yearly rent to the Queen. Archbifhop to be reimhurfed bis

N a	purchafe-



*8o	Annoquinto	Annje.	c.i—	3.	[1706.

jrarchife money, by army debentures. Leafes of lands. See. vefted m archbifhop (hall be made at the improved rent, and to proteftants ‘	,	only.	Leafes	made	at	iefs	than	full	yearly rent, fuccegor may avoid the

fame.

CAP. XXVII.

An a& for the impropriate tithes of the parilh of Saint Bridget alias Brides, London.

Anno Regn't ANN/E Regina quint0.

T the parliament fumto he held at Weftminfter the fourteenth day	June, Anno Dom. 1705. in the

fourth year of the reign of our fovereign lady Anne, by the grace of God,of England, Scotland, France^ and Ireland, Queen, defender of the , &c. and from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the five and twentieth day	of October, 1705; then begun and

bolden being the firfi fejfiori of this parliament. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations to the third - WHCIW of December, 1706*, being the fecond feffion of this it u added?mi prefent parliament.

further conti-	P A P	T

Kir *u\	^ A r • Is

iournments ^ a<^ *°T	granting an aid to her Maiefty by a land	tax	to	be	raifed in

till the eighth	ycar	one thoufand feven hundred	and (even,	4%,	iutbd fwnd. EXP.

day of April	CAP.	II.

in the fixth An a& for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for year of her	the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and (even* EXP.

Maiefty’s	J

• In the roR

dajefty’i

reign.

CAP. III.

An act for thefettling of the honours and dignities of John duke of Marlborough upon bispofterity, and annexing the honour and manor of Woodftock, and boufe of Bleinheim, to go along with the faid honours.

WHEREAS the lords Jpiritual and temporal in parliament af-fembled, having with much fatisfaftion confidered the many great actions which John duke of Marlborough has performed in her Majejly's fervice, to the honour of his country, and for the good of the common caufe of Europe, (fuch afttons as the wifeft and great-ejl people have rewarded with Jlatues and triumphs) and being extremely defirous to exprefs the jujt fenfe they have of his merit in a pe^ culiar and diftinguijbing manner, and in order to perpetuate the memory thereof that his titles and honours, with his right of precedence, might be fettled and continued in bis pojierity by aft of parliament, as the method mfffl ejfeftual for that end, and bejl fuiting fo great an occafion: yet having always a juft regard for the prerogatives of the crown (her Majejly being the Jole fountain of honour) thought it their duty, in the firjl place, by their humble addrefs, to have recourfe te her Majejly for her royal allowance, before any order given for bringing

Digitized by uooQle

Y706.] Anno quinto Ann,®. c. 3;	tfj

mg in a bill of fuch a nature \ and by their faid addrefs did humbly defire* her Majefty would be gramufy pleafed to let them know* in what manner it would be mojl acceptable to her Majefty* the jaid titles	'

and honours Jbould be limited: in anfwer whereto* her Majefty hath keen pleafed moft gracioufty to declare* that nothing could be more acceptable to her than the faid addrefs* and that Jhe was entirely fatisfied with the fervices of the duke of Marlborough, and therefore could not but be pleafed they bad fo juft a fenfe of them; and dtd thereby declare her royal intention to be* That after the determination of the aftate which the duke of Marlborough now has in his titles and honours* the feme JhouHd be limited in Juch manner as is herein after declared and enafted \ and her Majefty was pleafed in her moft gracious emjwer to the faid addrefs* further to declare* That Jbe thought it would be Pfoper that the honour and manor of Wood flock, and the boufe of Bleinheim, Jbould always go along with the titles* and did therefore recommend that matter to their confederation : and the duke of Marlborough thereupon declaring* that be bad made it his humble reaueft to her Majefty , and did now dejire* That the manor and park of Honour and Woodftock, and the boufe of Bleinheim, after the deceafe of the dutchefs of Marlborough, Jbould go along* and be enjoyed with the titles: and whereas the faid John duke of Marlborough, was by Blenheim* fevered letters patents* created baron Churchill of Sandridge, and earl */* Marlborough, to him and the heirs males of his body: and by Baron letters patents* bearing date the fourteenth day of December, in the ^5 <^uj frrft year of her now Majefty's reign* was created marquefs of Bland-ford, and duke of Marlborough, to him and the heirs males of his borough, markedly : therefore for perpetuating the memory of the feveral great aueft of Bland-actions performed by the faid duke, and for fettling and conti-nuing the titles and honours aforefaid, and the right of prece- Mariborough. dence, in his pofterity; may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enadled; and be it ena&ed by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content pf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in default of heirs males of the body of the faid duke of Marl- DuJce borough iffuing, the ftates, degree, ftiles, titles, dignities, and Marlbo-honours, aforefaid, (hall continue, remain, be vefted in, and rough's titles, lhall be held and enjoyed by the lady Harriot* eldeft daughter of the faid duke of Marlborough* and wife of Francis Godolphin efquire, J^yHariott fon and heir apparent of Sidney lord Godolphin* lord high treasurer Godolphin, of England* and the heirs males of her body begotten: and for de- and her heirs fault of fuch ifliie, (hall continue, remain, be vefted in, and held and enjoyed by Anne countefs of Sunderland* fecond daughter of the. faid duke of Marlborough, and wife of Charles earl Sunder-land* and the heirs males of her body begotten: and for default of A^^omiteft fuch ifliie, (hall continue, remain, be vefted in, and held and en- of Sunderland, joyed by Elizabeth countefs of Bridgnvater* third daughter of the Elizabeth faid duke of Marlborough* and wife of Scroope earl of Bridge- countefs of water* and the heirs males of her body begotten : and for de- Bndgwatcr» fault of fuch ifliie, (hall continue, remain, be vefted in, and La(jy Mary held tod enjoyed by the lady Mary* youngeft daughter of the Monthermer*

N 3	faid

Digitized by C^ooQle

Anno qumto An*mb. c. 3.	[1706*

faid duke of Marlborough ^ and wife of John Montagu efquire* called marquefs of Montbermer, fon and heir apparent of Ralph duke of Montagu, and the heirs males of her body begotten : ?nd for default of fuch iflue, then to continue, remain, bo veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the daughter and daughters of the faid duke of Marlborough, to be begotten, feverally and fucceffively one after the other, as they (hall be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their re(-peftive bodies ifluing, the elder of fuch daughters, and the hein; males of her body, to be preferred and take before the younger of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body : and for default of fuch iflue, then to continue, remain, and be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by the firft daughter of the body of the faid lady Harriott Godolphin begotten, and the heirs males of tho body or fuch firft daughter begotten : and for default of fuch iflue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the daughter and daughters of the body ot the (aid lady Harriott Godolphin, feverally and fucceffively one after the other, as they (hall be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their refpedlive bodies ifluing; the elder of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body» to be prefer-red and take before the younger of fuqh daughters, and the heirs males of her body : and for default of fuch iflue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by the firft daughter of the body of the fajd Anne countefs of Sunder-land begotten, and the heirs males of the body of fuch firf^ daughter begotten: and for want of fuch iflue,. then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other'the daughter and daughters of the body ot the laid Anne countefs of Sunderland begotten, feverally and fucceffively one after the other, as they ihall be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their refpe<5live bodies ifluing j the elder of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body to be preferred and take before the younger of fuch daughters, and the heirs males bf her body : and for default of fuch iflue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by the firft daughter of the body of the faid Elizabeth, countefs of Bridgwater begotten, and the heirs males of the body of fuch firft daughter begotten : and for want of fuch iflue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held'and enjoyed by all and every other the daughter and daughters of the body of the faid Elizabeth countefs of Bridgwater begotten, feverally and fucceffively one after the other, as they ihall be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their refpedtive bodies iffuing; the elder of fuch daughters and the heirs males of her body to be preferred and take before the younger of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body : and for default of fuch iflue, then to continue, Remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by the firft daughter of the body of the faid lady Mary Montagu begotten, and the heirs males of the body of fuch firft daughter begotten : and for want of fuch iflue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and ’	held

Digitized by LjOOQ le

1706.3	Anno	quinto	A»NiB. c.

held andehjoyed by aH andevety other the daughter and daughters of the body of the faid lady Mary Montagu begotten, feve-raDy and fuccemvely, one sifter the other, as they (hall be in priority of birth } the elder of fuch daughters, and the heirs mates of her body to be preferred and, take before the younger , of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body: and for default of fuch iflue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every daughter and daughters of every other daughter of the faid duke of	to	be

begotten, feverally and fucce(lively, as they (hall be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their, refpeftive bodies ilTuing; the elder daughter of every fuch daughter, and the heirs males of her body to be preferred and take before the younger of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body; the daughter and daughters of the elder of (iich hereafter to be born -daughters, and the heirs males of her and their refpe&ive bodies iffuing, to be preferred, and take in manner aforefaid, before tfhe daughter and daughters of the younger of fuch after-born daughters: and for default of fuch ifliie, to all and every other the ifliie male and female lineally defending of or from the (aid duke of Marlborough, in fuch manner, and for fuch wftate, as the fame are before limited to the before-mentioned iflue of the faid duke; it being intended, and hereby enabled.

That the faid honors (hall continue, remain, and be veiled in all the ifliie of the faid doke, fo long as any fuch iflue male or -female (hall continue, and be held and enjoyed by them feverally and fucceffively, in manner and form aforefaid; the elder and the defcendents of every elder ifliie to be preferred before the younger of foch iflue.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Dukes daugh.

all and every the daughters of the faid duke of	,	and	tfrert<?.w*lom

the heirs males of their refpedive bodies, and all and every the nnn„<Lu daughters of each and every daughter of the faid duke of comet tohave Marlborough, and the heirs males of their refpedUve bodies, the fame place and all other pSrfbns, to whom the faid honours, titles, and and prew-dignities (ball come, and when, and as the fame (hall come deDCe'&c* unto them refpefrively, according to the limitations in this a<El,

-fhall in all aflemblies and places, have and enjoy the fame place and precedence as-the faid duke of	Marlb, or any the heirs

males of his body bath or ought to have or enjoy, by virtue of the faid letters patents bearing date the ftid fourteenth day of December., in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign.

III.	And to the intent that the honour, manor, andpark	Entail of the

flock in the county of Oxford, and the now creating there,

called Bleinheim, and the hundred of Wootton in the faid county, ^rii^eim ■andall other the manors, mejjuages,lands, tenements, and bercdita* houfe, and tha meats, which in and by certain litters patents under the. great fed of hundred of England, bearing date the fifth day of May, in the fourth year Wootton,

< herMbfofiy's reign, were by her	Majefly, purfuant to an ad of -

went	puffed in the	then loft fejfion of parliament, granted to the fo\d

tet Of Marlborough and bis heirs,. and the advoufons thereby

N 4	granted.

184	Anno quinto Ann Mr c. 3#	f 1706.

granted, may always go along and be enjoyed with the titles, honours, and dignities afore [aid, as hereafter is mentioned; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, that the.faid duke of Marlborough (hall (land and be feiied of all the faid honour, manor, and park of fVoodftock,' manors, houfe, and premises, granted by the faid lad-mentioned letters patents, for and during the term of his natural life, without impeachment of wade; and from and after his deceafe the fame (hall be and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by Sarah dutchefs of Marlborough wife of the faid duke, for and during the term of her natural life \ and front and after her deceafe the fame (haU be and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by the heirs males of the body of the faid duke of Marlborough begotten; and for default of fuch iflbe, then the fame (hall be' and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by all and every the daughters of the (aid duke of Marlborough, and the heirs males of their relpe&ive bodies iAiling, and all others feverally and facceflively* in fuch manner as the faid titles, honours, and dignities afore&ud are herein before expreffed and limited to go, and be enjoyed.

Duke may IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, grant Wes of That the faid duke of Marlborough, and after his deceafe the noJs^c^ex dutchefs	Marlborough,	(hall have foil power and autho-

ceptW die** rity* by deed indented, to make any leafe or leafes in poflef&on, houfe and of all or any of the faid manors, hundred, mefluages, lands, park,	tenements, and hereditaments aforefaid (other than and except the

houfe called Bleinbeim, and the park of Woodflock) for any number of years, not exceeding one and twenty years, or for any for* 1 year*, number of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives, referving the bed and mod improved rent that can then be had .	for the lame, Without taking any fine*

^ft"cr . V. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the author heirs,1**.	nty aforefaid. That	neither	the feid duke of Marlborough, or

(ball bar any	the heirs males of his body,	nor any of his daughters, or the

perfon on	heirs males of their	bodies,	or any other perfon to whom the

whom the	premifles fliall come	or defcend by virtue of the limitations a-

fi^^from krefeid* foall have any power by fine or recovery, or any othor enjoying the affurance or conveyance in the law, to hinder, bar, or dif-fipne, &c. inherit any the perfon or perfons to or upon whom the faid manors, houfe, lands, tenements, hereditaments or premifles, are hereby veded or limited, from holding or enjoying the feme,

' according to the limitations before in this a& mentioned, other than and except fuch leafes as the faid duke and dutchefs may make, by virtue of the powers herein before-mentioned, and fuch other leafes as tenants in tail may and are enabled to make, by virtue of the datute made in the two and thirtieth year qf %% H. S. c. *8. the reign of King Henry the Eighth, and grants of lands or tenements held by copy of court roll, according to the cudoms of the refpe&ive manors aforefaid 5 but all fuch fines, recoveries, aft, affurances and conveyances, other than fuch leafes, and grants by copy, a& aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby declared an4 «naclea to be vpid.

VI.	And

Digitized by

Google

.1706.]	Anno quinto ANN.*, c.4185

VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Aft to be a That this aft fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all P*™0*1 cafes, and in all courts and places, apublickaft.

CAP. IV.

An	aft far fettling upon John duke of Marlborough and bis,

pofterity, a penfion of five tboufandpounds per annum, for the mare honour able	fupportof their dignities, in like

manner as bis honours and dignitiesand the honour and manor of Woodftock, and houfe Bleinheim, are already limited and fettled.

MOS	T.gratiau	foveroign, Whereas the mojl noble John duke

of Marlborough, was by feveral letters treated barm Churchill of Sandridge, and earl tf Marlborough, to him and the heirs malts ef his body: and by other letters	, bearing

date the fourteenth nay of December, in the	Majefiy’S	reign, in confideration of his great and	your

Majefiy and your	allies, as well by his prudent	negotiation! as your

Mojefifsplenipotentiary at the Hague, where to the mutual advantage of your Majefiy arid the States General of the United provinces, he fettled an intsre confidence between your Majefiy and the States General, as by bis valour and good conduit in the command tbd confederate armies abroad, was treated marquifs ef Blandford, and duke of Marlborough, to him and the heirs males of bis body; and whereas by other letters patents under the great feal ^ England, hearing date the two and twentieth day ef December, in the fir ft ■year of your	Majefiy'sreign, your Majefiy tas

a further mark of your royal favour and fatisfa&ien with bisfervices aforefaid, and for the better fupport of his	dignity, to give and

grant unto the faid John duke of Marlborough, one annuity or . yearly penfion of five thotfand pounds of lawful Englifh money, to be ijfuing and payable out of the rents, ijfues, incomes, revenues, ed to tbe duke Jam andfums of money wbotfoever, due and payable, or which Jbould of Marlbo-from time to time arife, grow, due, or be payable out of, by, or in re-, J?u8h> °“i°f fpeti of your Majefiy's general letter	office, poft office, or office tf pofi P®* omce*

: mqfier general, or for or by reafon tf the pofiage or carriage of loiters, packets, or other things within your Majefiy's kingdom of England, or elfewhere, to have, receive, and enjoy the find annuity or yearly penfion tf five tboufand pounds, unto the faid John duke of Maryborough, and the heirs males of his body, for and during your Ma-	.

jefiy's natural life, the fame to be computed from the feafi ef Saint Michael the. archangel then lafi paft, and to be paid quarterly at ^ four mofi ftfual feafis or terms in the year (that is to fay) the feafi of ■ the birth of our Lord Chrifl, the annunciation tf the bleffed virgin ' Mary, the nativity tf Saint John the Baptifi, and Saint Michael She archangel, by even and equal portions: and whereas an att pafftd in the third year qf your Majefiy's reign, intituled. An act for the 3 & + better enabling her Majefty to grant the honour and manor of c. 6.

Woodftock, with the hundred of Wootton, to the duke of Marlborough and hit heirs, in confideration of the eminent Services

by



i&6	Anno	qimto	Anna.	€.4.	fryofi:

by him- performed to her Maiefty and the publick, wherein *tis Preamble of mentioned and recited. That toe eminent{and unparatietd fervues of the aft, • fa fauy fa%e to your Majejiy and the crown of England, were xprif known, not only to your Majejiy and all your fubjefts, but to all The duke of Europe; and that the alliances which your Majejiy's royal brother Marlbo- King William the Third, of glorious memorj, had, in a little time rough’* fervi- before his death, contrasted, by the minifry of the faid duke, as his ces*	Majejiy's	ambajfador extraordinary ana plenipotentiary to the States

*General of the United Provinces, for preferuing the liberties of Europe againji the ambition of France, were immediately after your Majtftfsnappy accejfton to the throne, by the faid duke, then employed ,	by your Majejiy in the fame char abler, confirmed and improved, and

that others Were contrasted, whereby the confederacy, which had been dijfolved at the end of the lafi war, was re-united in a Jlri&er and firmer league; and that in the firji year of your Majejiy*s reign, the faid duke of Marlborough had fo well executed.his commiffion of captain general and commander in chief of your Majjhfis forces, that ha not only feeured and extended the frontier of Holland, by taking tba towns and fortrejfes ofVen\o, Ruremond, Stevenfwart W Liege* but foon obliged the enemy, (who had been at the gates afNemeghen) to feek filter behind their lines; and in the next campaign, by taking Bon, Huy, and Limburg, added all the country between the Rhino and the Maes to the conquejis of the preceding year ; and that in the memorable year one tboufand feven hundred and four, when your Ma-jefty was generoufly pleafed to take the reflation of rtfctdng the empire from that immediate ruin, to which, by the defection of the cleft-or of Bavaria, it was expofed, the meafwes, which by your Majejiy's wifdom and goodnefs had been devifed and concerted, were pur hud by the faid duke with the utmof diligence, fecrecy, and good conduft, in leading the forces of your Majejiy and your allies, by a long and dif-Battle of ficu^ marc”9 t0 the banks of the Danube ; where the faid duke im-ScheUcnbergh mediately upon his arrival, did attack and force the Bavarians, (ajfified by the French) in their firong irttrenchments at Schellen-bergh, pajfed the Danube, dijirejfed the country of Bavaria, and a fetond time fought the enemy, who had been reinforced by a royal army of the French King's beji troops, commanded by a marjhalof France, and on the fecond day of Auguft, one tboufand feven hindrei and four, after a bloody battle at fileinheitn (although the enemy had the advantage of number and fituation) gain'd the mo/i abjoixte and glorious viftory as bad been recorded in the hijlory of any age, by which Bavaria being intirely reduced, and Rathbon, Augibourgh, Ulm, Metnminghen, and other imperial towns recovered, the liberty of the diet and the peace of the empire were rejiored, and Landau, Treeves, and Traarbach being taken, the war was carried into the dominions of France; all which happy achievements of the faid duke apparently tended, not only to the honour andJafety of your Majejiy and your fubjefts, and of their pojierity, but alfo towards the future tranquility of Europe; and that your Majefif s mo/i dutiful and loyal JubjeSis, the commons of England in parliament ajfemblid, thought tbimfelves thereupon obliged in an humble addrefs to your Majejiy, to fxpryfs tbefr fenf* of the faid glorious yi&ories, and humbly to dtfiro

pm

Battle of Bleinbeim*



iy°6.]	Anno	quinto	Annc. 4?	i9y

your Majejiy, That you would be gracioufiy pleafed to confiier of fame proper meant to perpetuate the memory of fuchfignal Jervices 5 qnd that your Majejiy was thereupon plea fed to fignify your intention to grant the intereji of the crown in*tbe honor and manor of Wood- Honow ftock and hundred of Wootton to the Jaid duke and bis heirs5 wooditak, whereupon at the humble petition of your Majejiy*s moft dutiful and See. hyal commons it was entiled, That it Jbould and might be lawful to and for your Majejiy by any letters patents, under the great feal of England, to give and grant unto the faid John duke of Marlborough, and his heirs and offgas for ever, all that the faid honor and manor of Woodftock, and the hundred of Wootton, and the park Woodftock in the county of Oxon, and divers other manors, tnejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the faidreciUS ait particularly mentioned or deferibed 5 to be held of your Majejiy, your Tenu**, heirs and JucceJforS, as of your cajlle of Windfor, in free and common foccage, by fealty, rendring to your Majejiy, your heirs andfuc-eejfors, on the Jecond day of Auguft yearly for ever, at your faid cajlle of, Winafor, one Jlandard or colours with three flower de luces painted thereupon, for all manner of rents, fervices, exallions, and demands whatfoever: in purfuance of which faid all of parliament, four Majejiy by your letters patents, bearing date the fifth day of May, in the fourth year of your Majejiy*s reign, was gracioufiy pleafed to grant all that the faid honor and manor of Wooftock and hundred of Wootton, and divers other manors, mejfiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the faid letters patents particularly mentioned Or deferibed, to the faid duke of Marlborough, his heirs and ajfigns for ever: and whereas in the beginning of the year, one thoufand[even hundred and five, the faid duke of Marlborough led your Majejiy*s forces, and thofe of the allies to the Mofelle, where, by the progrefs made in the preceding year, a fair projpefl was afforded of removing the war from the countries of your allies, into the enemy*s own territories, but that great defign, through unforefeen accidents, was rendred imprafticable; and the enemy taking advantage of the remotenefs of your faid general, and the troops under his command, prefs*d the armies of the States General, which were left for the defence of their frontiers, with a fuperior force :• on this extraordinary occafion, the duke Jhew*d all the parts of a great captain, and pt the fame time the zeal he had for your Majejiy* s fervice, and true regard to your allies \ by a fpeedy march he returned to the Maes, where a new face of affairs immediately appeared, and your Majeftfs good allies the States General were delivered from the uneafmefs they were under, Lcige was relieved, Huy retaken, and the enemies obliged to retire behind their lines, which they thought impregnable ; but the faid duke, with a furprizing conduct and bravery, on the fe-venth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and five, with an in- Lmes forced, eonfiderable hfs, forced the fame, defeated great part of the enemy*s forces, and obliged their whole army to a precipitate retreat; and although all the advantages were not obtained which the duke hadprepo-fed to himfelf from that fuccejs, yet it confirmed the minds of your Majejiy*s allies, and produced that happy confequence of the duke}s being intruded with fuch a power, as gave him an opportunity of performing thofe great aftions, which were executed in the laft glorious

campaign$

Digitized by

Google

188	m	Anno	quinto	Annas.	C.	£	[1706.

campaign; in which the enemy confiding in the fuperiority of thrir army, compofed of their choiceft troops, gave the duke of Marlborough an opportunity of attacking them, which he did at RameUies* on the twelfth day of May, onithoufand/'even hundred andfuc* with fuch refolution and conduct, that in two noun time he obtained a moft compleat and glorious victory, and profecuted his advantage without any intermiffm during the whole campaign : thejbattle of Ramellie* Battle of Ra- was followed by the immediate furrender of Louvain, Bruflfcls, Ma-mellics. lines, Liere, Gant, Oudenard, Antwerp, Dam, Bruges, and Courtray, and the taking of Oftend, Menin, Dendefmond, and Aeth 5 moft of which places had heretofore employed the greatefi ge-nerals whole campaigns in their fieges: and thus almoft the entire Spanilh Netherlands, which had been contended for fo many ages were conquered in one fummer: and whereas by an aft paffed in this 5 Ana. c. j. prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An a<St for the fettling of the honours and dignities of John duke of Marlborough upon his pofterity, and annexing the honour and manor of Woodfiock, and houfe of Bleinheim, to go along with the faid honours, it was for perpetuating the memory of the feveral great aftions performed by the Jaid duke, and for fettling and continuing the above-mentioned feveral titles and honours, and the right of precedence, in bis pofterity% amongft divers other things therein contained, enabled, That m de-Entail of the fault of heirs males of the body of the faid duke of Marlborough borough^rl	fatis> degree, f iles, titles, dignities, and honours afore-

hoaours/	fandd	continue,	remain,	be	vefted in, and Jhould be held and en-

\	*	joyed	by the lady Harriott, eldeft daughter of the faid duke of Marl-

borough, and wife of Francis Godolphin ef quire, fon and heir apparent of Sidney lord Godolphin, lord high treafurer of England, and the heirs males of her body begotten; and for default of fuch ijfue, Jhould continue, remain, be vefted in, and held and enjoyed by Anne countefs of Sunderland* fecond daughter of the fataduke of Marlborough, and wife of Charles earl of Sunderland, and the heirs males of her body begotten; and for default of fuch ijfue^ Jhould continue, remain, be vefted in, and held and enjoyed by Elizabeth countefs of Bridgwater, third daughter of the faid duke of Marlborough, and wife of Scroope earl of Bridgwater, and the heirs males of her body begotten \ and for default offuch ijjfue, Jhould continue, remain, be vefted in, and held and enjoyed by the lady Mary, youngeft daughter of the faid duie of Marlborough, and wife of John Montagu efquire, called marquifs ef Monthermer, fon and heir apparent of Kalph duke of Montagu, and the heirs males of her body begotten \ and for default of fitch ijfue, then to continue, remain, and be vefted in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the daughter and daughters of the faid duke of Marlborough, to be begotten, feverally and fuccejfively one after the other, as they Jball be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their refpeftive bodies ijfu-ing; the elder of fuch daughters and the heirs mates of her body, to be preferred, and take before the younger of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body; and for default of fuch ijfue, then to continue, remain, be vefted in, and held and enjoyed by the firft daughter of the body of the faid lady Harriott Godolphin begot fen, and the

ban

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1706.] Anno.qulnto'AWNJE. G*4-

heirs males of the body of fuch firft daughter begotten; and for default ofjucb tffue, then to continue, remain, bevelled in, am/ Mi ami enjoyed by all and every other the daughter and daughters of the body of the jaid lady Harriott Godolphin, fevtrally and fuccejfively one after the other, as they /ball be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their refpeftive bodies i/fuing 5 the elder of Jucb daughters md the heirs males of her body, to be preferred and take before the younger of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body; and for default of fuch ijfue, then to continue, remain, be vejled in, and held and enjoyed by the firft daughter of the body of the faid Anne countefs of Sunderland begotten, and the heirs males of the body offuch firft daughter begotten; andfor want of fuch ijfue, then to continue, remain, be vejled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the daughter and daughters of the body of the faid Anne countefs {/*Sunderland begotten, Jeverally and fuccejfively one after the other, as they Jtall be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their refpeftive bodies i/fuing ; the elder of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body, to be preferred, and take before the younger of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body, and for default of jucb iffue, then to continue, remain, be vejled in, and held and enjoyed by the firft daughter of the body of the faid Elizabeth countefs of Bridgwater begotten, and the heirs males of the body of fuch firft daughter begotten, and for want of jucb ijfue, then to continue, remain, be vejled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the daughter and daughters of the body of the faid Elizabeth countefs {/‘ Bridgwater begotten, Jeverally andfuccejfively one after the other, as they /ball be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their refpeftive bodies iffuing; the elder of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body, to be preferred and take before the younger of Judo daughters, and the heirs males of her body 5 and for default offuch ijfue, then to continue, remain, be vejled in, and held and enjoyed by the JirJl daughter of the body of the faid lady Mary Montagu begotten, and the heirs males of the body of fuch firft daughter begotten; and for want of fuch tffue, then to continue, remain, be wiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the daughter and daughters of the body of the faid lady Mary Montagu begotten, fevorally and fuccejfively, one after the other, as they Jhall be in priority of birth ; the elder of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body, to be preferred, and take before the younger of fuch daughters, and the heirs male* of her body; jmd for default of fuch ijfue, then to continue, remain, be vejled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every daughter and daughters of every other daughter of the faid duke of Marlborough to be begotten, federally and jucceffively, as they Jhall be in priority of birth, and the heirs males of their refpeftive bodies ijfiung 5 the elder daughter of every fuch daughter, and the heirs males of her body, to be preferred and take before the younger of fuch daughters, and the heirs males of her body •, the daughter and daughters of the elder of fuch then after to be bom daughters, and the heirs males of her and their refpeftive bodies i/fuing, to be preferred and take, in manner aforefaid, before the daughter and daughters of the younger of fuch after bom daughters ; and for default of fuch ijfue, to all and every other the tffue

male

Digitized by L^ooQle

I$0

Intail of Woodftock, Bleinheim, and Wootton

3»H.Sc. *8.

Anno quinto AniiM. c* 4:	[ 1706;

male and female lineally defending of or firm the find duke of MarU borough, in fuch manner, and forfuchfflate, as the fame are by the faid aft limited to the before-mentioned iffue of the faid duke \ it being intended, and thereby enabled, That the faid honours Jhould con* tinm, remain, and be vefted in all the ijfue of the find duke, fo long as any fuch ijfue male or female/ball continue, and be held and enjoyed by them feverally and fucceJJrvely, in manner and form aforefaid; the elder and the defendants of every elder ijfue to be preferred before the\ younger of fuch ijfue: and to the intent that , the faid honour, manor, and park of Woodftock, and the houf erefting there, called Biein-* hcim, and the hundred of Wootton, and all other the manors*

’ mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which in and by the faid letters patents under the great fial of England, bearing date the faid fifth day of May, in the fourth year of your Majeflfs reign*, were by your Majefiy, purfuant to the faid aft of parliament faffed in the third year ofyour Majeflfs reign, granted to the find duke of Marlborough, and his heirs, and the advoufons by the faid letters patents alfo granted, might always go along, and be enjoyed with the titles, honours, and dignities, as aforefaid, as therein after is men* Honed, it was thereby further enabled, That the faid duke of MarU borough jhouldfland and be feized of all the faid honour, manor, and park of Woodftock, manors, houfe, and premiffes, granted by the faid lafl-mentioned letters patents, during his life, without impeach* ment of wcJU; and from and after his deceafe, that the fame Jhould be and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by Sarah dutchefi of Marlborough, wife of the faid duke, for and during the term of her natural life \ and from and after her deceafe, the fame Jhould he and remain unto, ana be held and enjoyed by the heirs males of the body of the faid duke of Marlborough, begotten ; and for default of fuch ijfue, that then the fame Jhould be and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by all and every the daughters of the faid duke of Marl* borough, and the heirs male of their refpeftivs bodies ijjidng, and all others feverally and fuccejfrvely, in fuch manner as the fiud titles, ho* noursand dignities aforefaid are therein before expreffed and limited to go, and be enjoyed: and 9twas thereby provided and enabled, That neither the faid duke of Marlborough, or the heirs male of his body, nor any of his daughters9 or the heirs males of their bodies, or any other perjon to whom the premiffes Jhould come or defiend by virtue of the limitations aforefaid, Jhould have any power, by fine or recovery, or any other aft, ajfurance9 or conveyance in the law9 to hinder9 bar*, or diflnherit any the perfon or per fins to or upon whom the faid manors^ houfe, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or premiffes, were thereby vefted or limited, from holding or enjoying the fame, according to the limitations in the faid aft mentioned (other than and except fuch lea fee as the faid duke and dutchefi might make, by virtue of the powers therein before-mentioned, and fuch other leafes as tenants in tail might and were enabled to make, by virtue of the flatute mode in the two and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, and grants of lands or tenements held by copy of court roll, according to the cuf-toms of the refpeftive manors aforefaid) but that all fuch fines, recoveries, aft, ajfurances, and conveyances, other than fuch leafes and 6	grants

Digitized by L^ooQle •

*7o6.]	Anno	quinto	AKmjb. c.4.' '

growls by ctpf, 4i afortfaid, Jbaild be, and were thereby detbrid and etudled to be void. And whereas wt jour Majefty's moft dutiful and .

Uyal	commons, taking into our confideration the many eminent	hwf^of con>

of the find duke of Marlborough, whereby the glory of your Maje-

ftp's government, the honour, and fajety o and the

ittterefi of the common cauft have been fo highly advanced, did with

all JubmJfitn.	addrefsour/ehes to your	M nuft

humbly to defire. That as your Majeftyis, at your expence, gracioufty

fdeafedto tr.t& the boufe of Blcinneim as a monument of his glorious

Obi tons, and the boufe of 1peers, by your Majefty's

given rife to	the	faida£t pajfed in this prefent Jeffion for continuing fo 1. Geo. 1.

his honours to his pofterity, we your Majefifs obedient commons “*• *•c> might be permitted to exprtft our fenje of fo dijlinguifbing a merit, *** and our ready difpofitton to enable your Majeftyto make fame provifiou fir the more honourable Support of bis dignities in bts pofterity, let ftech manner as Jboield be nuft agreeable to your Majefty, whereby the gratitude of this whole kingdom might remain upon record to » ages, and encourage others to follow bis great example; to which -drefs your Majefty was	pleafed to return this gracious anfwer.

That your Majefty, in confideration of the great and eminent fervices Performed by the Jaid duke in the ftrft year of your reign, as well by Jr Ids prudent negotiations as your Majefty's plenipotentiary at the Hague*	*

as by bis valuer and good conduit in the command of the confederate armies	abroad,thought fit to grant to him and the-heirs male of his

body, the title of a duke of tbit realm$ and as a further* mark of jour favour and fatisfaftion with bis fervices, and for the better fup-fort of his dignity, your Majefty bad grunted to the faid duke and the heirs male of bis body, during your Majefty*s life, a fenfion of five tboufand pounds per annum out of the revenue ofthepoft office$ and that an aft having paffed this feffions for fettling the honours and dignities of the feud duke upon bis pofterity, and annexing the honor and manor of Woodftock and boufe of Bleinheim to go along with the Jaid honours ; it would be very agreeable to your Majefty, if the pen-fion of five tboufand pounds per annum be continued and limited by aft of parliament to bis pofterity, for the more honourable fupport if their dignities, in like manner, as his honours and the honor and manor of Woodftock and houfe of Bleinheim are already limited and fettled: we pour Maje ftfs moft dutiful and loyalfubjefts> the commons tf England in parliament atfembled, duly confide ring your Majeftfs ynoft gracious anfwer, and alto the wife provtjton made by your Majefty , through your Majeftys abundant grace and goodnefs to your people, by an a ft pajfed in the firft year of your Majefty's reign, for preferving the inheritance of the feveral revenues of the crown, think ourfehes obliged to tranfmit to all futceeding times the memory of fo many glorious aftions, together with the juft fenfe of the kingdom* after what manner fuch tranfeendent merit ought to be rewarded; and thereupon do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this prefent parlia^ meat atfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in

Digitized by

Google

192	Anno	quota AAmjB.-c. 4*-	[iyofi*

In lieu of the l*eu 6f. the faid annuity or yearly penfion of five thou£wtd^guad«i 5000I. per.an- by the laid letters patents, bearing date the. two and twentieth* num granted day .of December,in the fir ft .year of your Maiefty's reign,-to the duke granted .to the faid duke of Marlborough, and the heirs- males of OuMnVufe ™s- body,; during-your Majefty’s -life, as aforefaid, which, laid. *	*	penfion	is	from henceforth to tceafe and.determine* one annuity,-,

pr yearly .penfioa of five thoufand pounds of lawful n^oney of 5000I. per an- England, (hall be ifiiiing andpayahle out of, andchatged and num tobe chargeable upon all the revenues and monies arifiugr due aoi. paid out of payable, or which (hall arife, grow due, or be payable.by.virtue* the port office, or in.purfiiance of an a& of parliament made in the twelfth year, **# “* *'c* of the reign 6f her Majefty’s royal uncle King Charles the Se-*

•> - • cond, of blefted memory, intituled. acl for	and -

bli/biag a po/l office, or by virtue, or in purfuance of any other aCt or a<fts of parliament whatfoever,. for eftabKftiing, veiling, or. fettling the revenue of the general letter office, or poft office, or. office of poftmafter general in the crown, or . any .other adl-or. a^ts of parliament relating to the (aid office or revenue:. and the quarterly fane ^all from time to.time be.paid quarterly, at the.foar.moft-M * ufual feafts, or days of payment in the year, (that is to Cay) the annunciation of the blefled virgindfiny, the nativity of Saint John the haptift, the feaft of St. Michael the archangel, and the head of the birth of our Lord Chrift, in manner ami form folio*^ duke, lo.Wingi (thatis.td.fay) .to the faid duke.of Marlborough, for and. See. and all ’ during the term of his natural life, and from and after-his* de-others, &c. in ceafe to Sarahdutchefs of , wife of the Cud duke,, the fame man- for and. during the term of her natural life; and from and afteg titles*&c* are her deceafe, to, the heirs male of the,body of the fad duke pf fauted. * 'Marlborough begotten; and for default of fuch. iffiie, to alland every the daughters of the faid duke. of. Afarlborougb, and the . heirs male of their refpc&ive bodies iffuing, and to all others feyerally and fucceffively, in. fuch manner as the (aid titles, honours, and. dignities aforefaid, are,by the (aid .adt made in.this, pfefent feffiqn of parliament, otprdTed and limited to go and. be enjoyed.

. |I. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, whom*he ffid^at fad annuity, or yearly penfion of five thoufand pounds, annuity (hall hereby enabled, to be paid, as aforefaid, (ball be.paid by tfaeim-be paid. mediate.hands of. all and every the commiffioner$,.poft mailers, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and colledlors for the. time being , of the.faid revenues refpedlively, by authority of this,a&,.witb-,. .^out any further or other warrant, order, or dire&ion to be obtained. for that purpofe, and without any fees or charges to ber demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof, unto the faid Join duke of Marlborough, and to all others feve-rally and fucceffively to whom the, fame (hall, after thedcceafe of the (aid duke, come, defeend^jremain, or belong by virtue o£ this acl, when and as they (hall reipeltively. become-ontitled to receive the fame, at the aforefaid four moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year, the firft of the faid payments to be made on the feaft of the annunciation of Uu ^JcpotlYar^p Maty

. . pow

Digitized by L^ooQle

1706.3	Anno quinto ANN-«. C.4-	193

now next ehfaing, md the payment of the faid annuity, or ' yearly penfion of five thoufand pounds herein before enaCted to be paid, as aforefaid (hall not at any time hereafter be (lop’d oir delay’d by any order or direction whatfoever: and if the faid GommifRoners, pod matters, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors for the time being of the faid revenues, or any of them,ihall refufe or neglcCt to pay the faid annuity, or yearly penfion of five thoufand pounds hereby enaCted to be paid, as aforefaid, or any part thereof, to the faid duke of Marlborough,	,

or any other perfon to whom the fame after the deceafe of the laid duke (hall come, defeend, remain, or belong, by virtue of this ad, then the faid duke and every other perfon refpeCtively, being intitled to receive the fame, as aforefaid, may fue, prole-cute, and implead the faid commifiioners, pod mafters, farmers, treafurers, receivers general, and collectors, or any of them, and all or any of their fecurities, heirs, executors, and adminidrators, * by bill, plaint, or aCkion of debt, and (hall and may recover judgments, and fue out executions thereupon, againd the faid commifiioners, pod maders, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors refpeCtively, and their refpeCtive fecurities, heirs, executors, and adminidrators, for fuch fum and fums of money then due and owing upon the faid annuity or yearly penfion, as dull be in the hands of the faid commifiioners, pod maders, fanners, treafurers, receivers, and collectors refpcaively of the faid revenue, at the time when demand (hall be made of the payment of the faid annuity or yearly penfion, or any part thereof, or of any arrears thereof.

III.	And ’tis hereby further enaCted, That the acquittance orD ^ acquittances of the mid duke, and of every other perfon tOq^tuncea whom the faid annuity or yearly penfion of five thoufand pounds, fufficient dif-after the deceafe of the faid duke, fhall come, defeend, remain, charge.

or belong, by virtue of this act, exprefling the receipt of any Aim or fums of money in purfuance of this aCt, (hall be a good and fufiicicnt voucher and aifeharge for the payment thereof, and every fuch payment lhall be allowed upon the refpeCtive account and accounts of the aforefaid officer and officers, perfop or ’ perfons paying the fame, without any further or other warrant or authority whatfoever to be had or obtain’d for that purpofe.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the au- Nejf|,cr the

thority aforefaid. That neither the faid duke of Marlborough, or duke nor hi« any other perfon to whom the faid annuity or yearly penfion of heirs, &c. to five thoufand pounds hereby enaCted to be paid, as aforefaid, bar any perfon (hall come, defeend, remain, or belong, by virtue of the limita-	lit

tions aforefaid, (hall have power by any aCt, aflurance or con- mited from veyancc in the law whatfoever, to hinder, bar, or difinherit any receiving the the perfon or perfons, to whom the faid annuity or yearly pen- femc*

(ion is by virtue of this aCt limited or appointed to come, de-fceod, or remain, from holding, enjoying, receiving, or taking the fame according to the limitations thereof made"by this aCt, bur that every fuch a&, aflurance, or conveyance, lhall be, and is	*

hereby declared and enaCted, to be void.

VOL. XI.	O	V	Pro-



Not to prejudice the payment of any annuity pay* able out of the poll office. See.

Aft to be a pubiick aft.

5XP.

it Sc it W. 3 c. 13.

Annoqtiinto Anna* Cjr6>

V.	Provided always. That nothing in this prefer* cm*-

tained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to take away, interrupt or prejudice the payment of any annuity, penfion, or yeasty few* of money whatfoever, iffuing or payable out of, or.charged or chargeable upon the (aid revenue of the poft office, granted or confirmed by or in purfuance of any aft or afts of parliament, or by any letters patents under the great feat of England)-#***vy perfon or perfons whatfoever, (except the faid yearly pck>doo-of five thoufand pounds wanted by the faid letters pafentsr4>earfng date the faid two and twentieth day of Detimbery in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, to the (aid duke and the heirs males of his body during her Majefty’s life, as aforefaid) but that every fuch annuity, penfion, or yearly film (except before excepted) (hall continue, remain, ana be payable as if this aft had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.	...

VI.	And be it declared and enafted by the authority sfbrtp* faid, That this aft (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all cafes, and in all courts, and places, to be a pubiick. aft*

CAP. V.

An act for fecuring the church of England as by law effiibliihad;

Afts 13 Eliz. c. ix. ana 13 and 14 Car. *» c. 4. &c. to be in force for evwC Queen's fuccefiors at their coronation to take an oath to maintain Um church of England, &c. This aft to be for ever an eflentiat part of any treaty of union, &c.

This oft is inferted m the *3 of the unio*9 5 An. r. 8 / 7. oxd is tbesrforo

omitted here.

CAP. VI.

An act for repealing a claufe in an aft, intituled. An *Ec for the better apprehending, profecuting, and puniftiing felons that commit burglaries, houfe-breaking, or robberies in (hop, ware-houfes, coach-houfes, or (tables, or that (leal horfes.

, \X7HER E A S by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of VV his late majefty King William the Thirds intituled. An act for the better apprehending, profecuting, and punifhiag felons that commit burglaries, houfe-breaking, or robbery in (hops, ware-houfes, coach-houfes, or (tables, or that (leal nodes; it is (amongjl other things) enafted, That from and afterthe twentieth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine% all and every per-fon and perfons, who Jhould be convifted of or for any thtft or larceny, and Jhould have the benefit of* the clergy allowed thereupon or ought U be burnt in the hand for fuch offence, injlead of being burnt in the handy jhould be burnt in the rnoji vifible part of the left cheek nearoff the note: and whereas it bath been found by experiencey that the find punijbment hath not had its defired offoft, by deferring fitch offenders from the further committing fuch crimes and offences y fat onthe contrary y fuch offenders being rendered* thereby unfit to be intruded in assy fervice or employment to get their livelihood in any horsed and lawful way, become the more defperate; be it enafted by the Queen's moft

excel-

Digitized by

Google

Apwp quinfo Ahn-s. C.6.	1^51

exotBont p^fty;J>y and with the advice and confent of theciauf^fpr-* K^di tpkHuaJ apd temporal, and comrpons, in this prefer#; par-burning cfof-K&mcnt alfemMed, and by the authority of the ferae, That bora fenders in the and 4|forfthe fourteenth day of February, which (hall he in the rc" year dr oar Lord one thousand feven hundred and fix, fo much • or the laid aft as inflifts or concerns the Inflifting the faid pu-nifliatent of burning m the cheek, (hall be and is hereby repealed. ’	•	*

B. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Offenderttobe1 in all cafes where any perfon or perfons (hall, froth and after the burnt in the fiud fourteen#! day ox February > be convidled of any theft or hani’ “s for* larceny, and (hall nave the benefit of this aft allowed therqup- me y “v an, or ought by the laws in force before the making the feid aft, tp be burned in the hand for fuch offence, (hall be burnt in the tftod, as formerly they (liquid or ought to have been before the msdeing of the faid aft; and the judge or justices before vyhotn (uch offender or offender? (hall be tried and convifted, (hall alio, at his or their, difcretion, award and give judgment, That And commit luch offender and offenders (hall be committed to feme houfe of ted to work, correftion or publick work-houfe within the county, city, town* Joufe,tJ|c,^r or place where fuch conviftion (hall be, there to be, remain, and 6 mon 9 be kept, yrithout b?il or mainprise, for fuch time as fuch judg^ or juraces ftiah thep judge and award, not lefs than §x months, and not exceeding two years, to he accounted from the time of (uch conviftion, and an entry thereof (hall be made of record* piirfhant to fuch judgment and award, and fuch offender apd offenders fo judged and awarded to remaip and be kept in fuch feoqfe of correftion or publick work-houfe, (ball be there fet at works and kept at hard labour for and during fuch time as (hall kfc fbadjudged and recorded; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfohs Penalty on refine of negleft to work and labour as they ought to dta, fuch as refufe $e flatter or keeper of fuch houfe of correftion or publickto woriu work-houfe refpeftively, is hereby required to give fuch perfons fbch due correftion as (hall be fit and neceflary in that behalf.

*‘4H. And be It further enafted by the authority afprgf^d, if offender* That in cafe any fuch offender or offenders (hall, aftfer fuch efcape and be judgment giyeo, efcape out ofprifon, or out of fuch houfe of retaken, ^ be 4orreftk>n pr publfck work-houfe, as he, (he; of they* (hall be ^°07™h^et0 committed unto/as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons, being af- for i» months, terwards retaken, (hall be brought before feme or ope of her &c.

Majcftfs judges, or before two or niofe juftices of tne peace fWhWWf Oneto be of the Quorum) of fach county, city, tqwiif,

*hcWhc^e fuch offender or offenders (haH be fo "retaken;

Juftices are hereby required to commit fuch of-Qmders to feme houfe of correftion or pubtick ^^itftin fuch county, city, town, or place, where he,

Hey fhallhe-fo retaken, there to remain without bail or any time nor left than twelve months, and not years, to be accounted from the time of fuch re--gi ftdthere be fet at work and kept at hard labour, and revive fcftudue totfeftion, as aforefaid; and in cafe any matter

O2	or

Digitized by ^ooQle

tx}6:	Anno	quinto Ann.®, c.7, 8.	[i	j&6'

and kept at or ^eePer °f any ^oufe of corre&ion, or publick wb^-houfe,* hard labour. (hall neglecft to do his duty, as above dire&ed, any judge or juftice of affize or gaol delivery, upon complaint, ana due .proof thereof upon the oath of one or more vvitnefles to him made, (hall be, and is hereby impowered to remove every fucb perion from his faid office.

PVtons con- VI. And forafmuch as when any perfin is convifled for any felony% vitt, to have within the benefit of clergy, upon his prayer to have the benefit there-thi* ^hnvedt0 lt bttta been ttfed to admtnifier a book to him to try beingrequ^red whether he can read as a clerk, which by experience is found to be of to read, &c. no ufir, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid fourteenth day of February, if any perion be convidted of any fuch felony, for which he ought to have had the benefit of his clergy, if this adt had not been made, and (hall pray to have the benefit of this adf, he (hall not be required to read, but without any reading, (hall be allowed, taken, and; reputed to be, and punilhed as, a clerk convidt, which (hall be - ‘	as	effedtual	to	all intents and purpofes, and be as advantageous

to him, as if he had read as a clerk; any thing in this adfcj or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. VII.

An a& for regulating and afeertaming tbe duties to be paid by the unfree-xnen importers of coals into the port and borough of Great Yarmouth,

_ in the county of Norfolk.

From ac March, 1707, perfons not freemen of corporation of Great Yarmouth, may import and feH coals there, paying 6d. per chalder, and 6d• ob. per chalder, for ballaft. On paying rite, corporation to furnifh importers with ballaft. Importers, See. not freemen, to pay 4s. 6d. for pi-lottage, See. befides a halfpenny per chalder coal tonnage. All perfons except freemen to pay the duties, See. Ships, tackle, &c. may be detatn-,	ed for duties not paid, and diftrels fold, See. Not to impeach duties

granted by 10 Sc 11 W. 3. c. 5. Sixty pounds yearly payable out of du-

.... *;	ties. See. to chamberlain of Norwich, tor cleaning and depthning die

rivers Yarr, Waveney, and the North River, &c. 10 Sc 11 W. 3. c. 5. Mayor, &c. of Norwich in common council to difpofe of the taonies. See. Mayor, See. of Norwich may levy money by warrant, See. fYovifo for cleaning the river to Dilbam. Not to alter 16 Car. 1. Saving of right . r,	*	to all perlons, dec.

CAP. VIII.

".	/	An	aft	for	an union of the two kingdoms ^‘England end

,	Scotland.

Mojkgracious Sovereign,

WH E R E A S articles of union were agreed on+ tbe twenty fir cond day of July, in the fifth year of your Majefly's reigny by the commiffmers nominated on behalf of toe kingdom of England, under your Majefifs great feal of England, bearing date at Weft-minfter the tenth day of April then lan pafi, in purfiumce of an aft of parliament made in England, in toe third, year of your Majtfifs reign, and the commijfioners nominated on the behalf of the kingdom of Scotland, under your Majefift great feal of Scotland, bunring aate the twenty feventh day of February, in the fourth year of your Majefiy's reign> in put fuanee of the fourth aft of the third Jiffio*o£

Digitized by L,ooQle

ifQ&l	Aano	quinto	Ansjb. c.8.	ipj

the prefent parliament of Scotland, to treat of and concerning an u- :	'	‘

nion of the faid kingdoms: and ivhereas an aft hath pajfed in the parliament of Scotland at Edinburgh, the fixteenth day of January, in the fifth year of your Majejly s reign, wherein ’tis mentioned,

77:j/ the cfates of parliament confidering the faid articles of union of	'	”'}

the two kingdoms, had agreed to and approved of the faid articles of union, with fome additions and explanations, and that your Majejly, with advice and confent of the eflates of parliament, for efabtijhing the protejlant religion ana prefbyterian church government within the kingdom of Scotland, had pajfed in the fame fejfionof parliament an . . aft, intituled, An a<ft for fecuring of the proteftant religion and preibyterian church government, zuhich by the tenor thereof was appointed to be infer ted in any aft ratifying the treaty, and exprefy declared to be a fundamental and ejfential condition of the faid treaty or union in all times coming: the tenor of which articlesy as ratified and approved of, with additions and explanations by the faid aft of parliament of Scotland, follows:

ART I C LEI.

« ^I^HAT the two kingdoms of England and Scotland (hall up* union of the A 4 on the firft day of May, which (hall be m the year one two kingdom*. f thoufand feven hundred and (even, and for ever after, be u-	’	~

4	lifted ihto one kingdom by the name of Great Britain ; and 4 that the enfigns armorial of the faid united kingdom be fuch 4 a* her Majefty (hall appoint, and the erodes of St. George and Enfi ^

1 St* Andrew be conjoined in fuch manner as her Majefty (hall m0rwl.

4	think fit, and ufed in all flags, banners, ftandards, and en-b figns, both at fea and land.’

A R T I C L E II.

* That the fucceflion of the monarchy to the united kingdom Succeflion to * of Great Britain, and of the dominions thereto belonging, af- thcmonarchy. 4 ter her moft facred Maiefty, and in default of iffue or herMa-4 jefty, be, remain, and continue to the moft excellent princeft 4 Sophia, cle&orefs and dutchds dowager of Hanover, and the 4 heirs of her body being proteftants, upon whom the crown 4 of England is fettled by an a6t of parliament made in England 4 m the twelfth year of the reign of bis late Majefty King Wit-4 Ham the Third, intituled. An act for thefurther limitation of** & *3 W. }. 4 the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft; £;*•	.

4	and that all papifts, and perfons marrying papifts, fhall bedc£l fCXCU-' 4 excluded from, and for ever incapable to inherit, pofiefs* ot 4 ecjoy. the imperial crown of Great Britain, and the dominions 4 thereunto belonging, or any part thereof; and in every fuch 4 cafe*,this.crown and government (hall from time to time de-4 feend to* and be enjoyed by fuch perfon, being a proteftant,

4	as (hould have inherited and enjoyed the fame, in cafe fuch 4 pafhft, or .perfon marrying ^ papift, was naturally dead, ac--4 cordirigitathe provifionfbr the ddeent of the crown of Eng-, 4 land,made*by another	of parliament in England in the firft

A yeas of the rtign ofth^Jrte majefties King William and Queen

O 3	« Mar/)

*$•	AwMMjwmfi	Ahum.	c*S.	[tyo6»

i w. & M. ff. < Mery, intituled, Jfn *3'deflating the fights <i tfitho *'c* *•	- fvfyoft>and fettling the	fmdeffum of theorem'

ARTICLE III. . 1 j • . One parfit* * That the united kingdom of Great Britain be repgf^cptftd^by nent. t * oat and the lame parliament, to be Ailed The Pqrjttjntent of

♦	Great Britain/

Ajlf 1 C L E IV.

Freedom of * That 211 fid5*6s of the united kingdom of Groat Britain trade. 1 (hall, from and after the union, have full freedom and inter-Vcourfe of trade and navigation to and from any port or.pUcy ‘ within the (aid united kingdom, and the dominion* and plan-' tationsthereunto belonging} and that there be a communica-

♦	tion of all other lights, privileges, and advantages, which do

♦	or m*y belong to the fubje<$ts of either kingdom} except where

♦	it is otherwife exprefly agreed in thefr articles.*

A R T I C L E V,

Scotch (hip* *. That all (hips or veffds belonging to her Msjtfty’s fubpe&t .to be firitilh *of Scotland, at the time of ratifying the treaty of union of . the H“P‘*	‘ two kingdoms in the parliament of Scotland, though foreign

♦	buik, be ckfcraed, and pafs as (hips of the built of Great Britain $

♦	the oWner, or where there are more owners, one or mom of

♦	die owners, within twelve months after the hrft of Mnaaxt, f making oath. That at the time of ratifying tbo treaty of union 'in the parliament Qf Scotland, the fame did, in whole or in part}

♦	belong to him or them, or to fome other fubje<5t or fillytifts ift

♦	Scotland, to be particularly named, with the place of their re-

♦	fpeffive abodes; and that the fame doth then, at the time of f the faid depofitibn, wholly belong to him or them; and (hat

♦	no foreigner, direftly or indire&Iy, hath any. (hare, part, or in-f tereft therein; which oath (hall be made before the chief offi-

♦	cer or officers of the cuftoms, in the port next to the abode df f An laid owner or owners; and the (aid officer or officers (haH

♦	he impowered to adminifter the faid oath; and the oath being

♦	fo admindhrad (hail be attefted by the officer or officer who

♦	admioiftred the fame; and being regiftred by the faid Officer Of

♦	officers, (ball be delivered to the maker of the (hip for ferocity

♦	of her navigation; and a dupiioate thereof (hall be tranhnitted f by the (aid officer ortxffioers, to the chief officer or officers of the

♦	cuftoms in the port of £dtnhurgh, to be there entved in a-«egi-

♦	ftqr, and from thence to be lent to the port of	to	he

*. there entred in the general regifter of all trading fjtips bdoog-.* jng to<?rrs#	Britain.’-■	;--- j

A R T I , £ VI.

Trade.	« That all parts of the united kingdom for ever,, from and

See 5 Geo. i. t aftcr the union, (hall have the fame allowances, encounge-Geo. uc. ax. ‘ meats, and drawbacks, and be under the (ame prohibitions,

’.' reftri&oita, and regulations of ttads^ aodfiab^eitn-.tftt feme

i customs



>99

4Ann»qwntoAtOW«. 8.

and duties on import and export; and that the al-4 towances, encouragements, and drawbacks, prohibitions, re-4 ftridions, and regulations of trade, and the cuftoms and du-4 tifS on import and export, fettled in England when the union ^OdOMdences, (hall, from and after the union, take place,

€ ibaaytghout the whole united kingdom; excepting and re-4 fcrving the duties upon export and import of fuch particular 4 commodities, from which any perfons, the fubje&s of either 4 kingdom, are fpeciaJly liberated and exempted by their private ’righto, which after the union, are to remain fafe and entire to

*	them in all refpe&s, as before the fame. And that from and 4 after the union, no Scots Cattle carried into England, (hall be Scots cattle.

4 liable to any other duties, either on the publick or private ac-

4 counts, than thofe duties to which the cattle of England are or 4 (hell be liable within the faid kingdom. And feeing by the •4 Jaws of England, there are rewards granted upon the exporta-4 tton of certain kinds of grain, wherein oats grinded or un-4 gprinded are not exprefled; that from and after the union, when •4 oats (hall be fold at fifteen (hillings fterling pa quarter, or un-4 der, there (hall be paid two (hillings and fix pence fterling for *?tevefy quarter of the oatmeal exported in the terms of the law,

4 whereby and fo long as rewards are granted for exportation of •4'Other grains, and that the bear of Scotland have the fame re-

*	words as barley: and in refped the importation of vi&uals in- importation i4 tmS&tlandj from any place beyond fea, would prove a difeou- of visuals.

,4 ragettent to tillage, therefore that the prohibition as now in

force by the law of Scotland, againft importation of victuals 14 Geo. i.c. 7.

*	from Ireland, or any other place beyond fea into Scotland, do,

4 after the union, remain in the feme force as now it is, until

*	more proper and effectual ways be provided by the parliament

*	of Great Britain, for difoouraging the importation of the feid 4 vi&uals from beyond fea.’

ARTICLE VII.

4 That all parts of the united kingdom be for oarer, from and Excites.

4 afterlbe maioa, liable to the faaie exdfcs upon all excifeable See 5 Geo. w 4 liquors, excepting ody that the thirty (bur gallons EngUJb bar- *• *®\

4 ml of beer or ale, amounting to twelve gallons Scots prefent tnear- f 4 font, fold in Scotland by the brewer at«nine (hillings fix pence c. 4. f. 5g*

*	fterling, excluding -all dories, and retailed, including duties 4 and *fee retailers profit, at two pence the Scots pint, or eighth ‘part of the Scots gallon, be not after the union liable, on ac-4 eountof the prefent oxcife upon exetfeabie liquors in England,

^ toaOy higherimpofition tban two	fterling upon the

4 aforefaid thirty four gallons, Englijbbztm, being twelve gal-4 loos the prefent Scots meafure: and that rite excife fettled in ‘ England on aU other liquors, when the union commences,

^takejfiaoe throughout he wtoie unitedkingdom/

", ARTICLE VIIL 4 That from and after the onion, all foreign fait which (hall Foreign felt.

. * bt imported into Scotland, (hall be charged at the importation

O 4	*	there,

Scotch felt.

Pome fait.

9 & ip W. 3. c.

Repealed by 3 Geo.2. c.20. r. 3. as to (ait imported.

I

Flefh exported

frOii Scotland.

Anno quinto AKHiB.ac.9.

-f there, with fhte <aipe duties as thelk»fah i8«oiwneS«rged.idi<h •4 being imported into England, and lo be levied and Secured in 4 the feme manner : but in regard die dutiesofgreat! ^iiai«kies 4 of foreign felt imported may be Very heavy upon thcnietchants v* importers,'that therefore fcU foreignfak imported intolSVa/forf, 4 (hall be cellar’d and* locked up -under, the cuftody rift the tnfci*-

*	chant importers, and the officers employed for levying thedii-J ties upon fait, and that the merchant tmy Irave what qdanfitV

thereof his occafon may require, not' under a wey-crfbrty 4 buthels at a time, giving fecurity for the duty of what quantity 4 he receives, payable in fix months. But Scotland (hall, for the 4 fpace of feven years from the feid union, be exempted froth c paying in Scotland, for fait made there, the duty opejKafe fib^r ' * payable for fait mads in England i but from the expiration of f the faid feven years, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the fajnedu-

*	ties for fait made in Scotland as (hall be then payable for felt 4 made in England, tp be levied and fecured m the&sfei mfrn-4 tier,- and with proportionable drawbacks and allowances** in 4 England^ with this exception, That Scotland fhall, * after thp

*	faid feven years, remain exempted from the duty of two flnl-4 ling four pence a buihei on home felt, impofed by an a&'made 4 in England in the ninth and tenth of King IVilliam the'Third

*	of England^ and if the'parliament of Great Britain [hall, at or 4 before the expiring of the faid feven years, fubftitute any other 4 fund in place of the faid two (hillings four pence of exdfe on 4 the bufhel of home fait, Scotland (hall, after the faid feven 4 years, bear a proportion of the faid fund, and have an equiva-4 lent in the terms of this treaty 5 and that during the faid.feven 4 years, there fhall be paid in England, for all felt made in Scoi-4 land, and imported from thence into England\ the fame duties 4 upon the importation, as (hall be payable for fait made in 4 England, to be levied and fecured in the fame manner as the

*	duties on foreign fait are to be levied and fecured in England; 4 and that after the faid feven years, as tong as the faid duty of 4 two (hillings four pence a burnel upon fait is continued in Eng-^ land) the faid two (hillings and four pence a bu(hel (hall be 4 payable for all fait made in Scotland) and imported into Eng-4 land) to be levied and fecured in the fame manner*, and that ? during the continuance of the duty of two (hillings ftftir pence \€ a bufhel upon fait made in England) no fait whatfoever be 4 brought from Scotland to England by land in any manner, un-4 der the penalty of forfeiting the fait, and the'cattle and car-4 riages made ufe of in bringing the fame, and payihgtaventy ’ 4 (hillings for every bufhel ot fuch.fait, and proponioitaMyfor 4 a greater or leffer quantity, for which the carrier as WbUtisthfe 4 owner (hall be liable,, jointly andfeverally, and the perfenb 4 bringing or carrying>thc fame to be* imprifoned by any one 4 juftice of the peace, by the (pace of :fix! months without boifs 4 and until the penalty be paid. And for eftablifhing an equality 4 ip trade, that all fle(h exported from Scotland to England, and 4 put on board in Scotland to be exported to parts beyond the



SOI

.*7963	Aim0qCfeu6AtiNatroS.*.

fins, and provifioru for, foips in Scotland, andfor foreign voy-. * agts, irtay be fahed with Berts fait, paying the fame duty for >*w*wtJal»is fo erapteVethas the like qugtiutytd&fifcMilt pays EnglMdr and under the fiune penalties^ forfisifunr*, and

*	*proi4fiMU for preventing of frauds as are mentioned inttte

*	ban of England; and tmt from and after foe unfaon, the laws curing of ‘ and a&s of parliament \n.Sertland, for pining, curing, and Herrings.

*	packing of herrines, white filh and fulmon for exportation

•* Smth foreign fait only, without any mixture of Britijh or Irijh •

A feh, and for preventing of frauds in curing and packing of filh, it be corttiaued in force in Scotland, fubject to fuch alterations as 4 (haS be made by the parliament of Great Britain; and that all pifl, exported*

*	filh exported from Scotland to parts beyond the Teas, which

*	(hall be cured with foreign' fait only, and without mixture of 4 Britijb otlfijh fait, (hall have the fame eafes, premiums, and • ^drawbacks, as are or (hall be allowed to fuch perfons as export •5 the like filh from England 5 and that for cncpuragement of the <*. herring filhing; there (hall be allowed and paid to the fubjerts,

<* inhabitants of Great Britain, during the prefent allowances for

other filh, ten (hillings five pence fterling for every barrel of 4 white herrings which (hall be exported from Scotland; and 4 that there (hall be allowed five IhiUipg ftcrling for every barrel •

4 of beef or pork * falted with foreign fait, without mixture of f Britt/b or Irijh felt, and exported for fate from Scotland to parts f beyond fea, alterable by the parliament of Great Britain; Thefe duties 4 and if any matters of fraud relating to the faid duties on fait revived for 4 (hall hereafter appear, which are not fofficiently provided a- 3 year*, by

*	gainft by this article, the lame IbaU be fubject to fuch further 5 °°‘c-4 provifions as (hall be thought 'fit by the parliament of Great

Britain *

ARTICLE IX.

> That whenfoeyer the fum of one million xnine hundred Land tax.

4 ninety feven thoofand (even hundred and fixty three pounds,

4 eight (hillings, and four pence halfpenny, (hall to enarted by ' f the parliament of Great Britain to be raifcd in that part of the '

4 united kingdom now called England, on land and other things 4 ufoaUy charged in ads Of'parliament there, for granting an 4 aid to the crown by a land tax; that part of the united king-4 dom now called Scotland, (hall be charged >by the fame art, f > with a feather fum of forty eight thoufand pounds, free of' all 4 charges, as the fuota of Scotland, to filch tax, and fo propdf- gupta Qf s^ot-4 tionabiy for any greater or iefler fum iraifed in> England byany ialxd.

4 tax Oft land* and other things, ofually charged together with 4 tfte JaJfo f and that .fuch quota for Scotland, in the cafes afbr*-cvfaid,be taifod and ooUectedm the feme manner as the ctfs 4 now is in. 8c<Hhmd\ bus fabjert to fuch regulations In the man1-f nertofcoHorting* as (hall tomxde by the parliament of Grtdt f BtitamS	> v

’ ;	’•	,v	.•	;;	:;t	!•	i. ''

■ .	;• >l iQ'S-'A -v	-G.	-	.	• v ••	;	'

A R-

Digitized by

Google

SUmpt vellum*

Mm q&to'Amm	t1^

‘	>	’ •'	'	*f	.r	•	.	'	v-.	..	.•*	•	**•“	j	*

AUT IC tix.	.	;j■

* Tbntdariag die continuance of *»hnie^foAfar diafe* dn

*	ftampt paper, vellum, and parchment, by (be feveral aAsaow

*	in force in England Scotland (hall aot beckaiged with the feme

- *nfpn 0 ivif	•	*	. .	1	r*

,	ARTICLE	XL

Window tax.	* That dofibgtbe eontuipiKe of -the dudes paydbleinEng-

*deafen window* aad lights which-detenwac on the Aritday *of Aqpqd, uaetbOafenafeTOhundeedaadrten, tobdflbu * aot be chargedwith dm iaae dudes.’

ARTICLE XU.

Coals, calm, ■ * That daring the continuance •of the dutkspayaMem and cynders. * land an conk, calm, and cyWders, which determine the th|p-*tieth day of	September, one thou bind feven hundred aad ten,

*	Scotland (had not be chtwed therewith for coals, culm, and •*■ evaders oonfuaeed there $ out (hall be chatged with the tabs*

* duties as in England fat aidcoals,culm, and cyndcosnoteoa-

*	fomed in 8iotkni.'

ARTICLE XIII.

u.u	‘ That during the continuance of the duty payable rn Bnp-

*	lead upon malt, which determines the twenty foutth day of

Jmoo, one tbcnrfaod feven hundred and (even,	(bed	not

.*be charged, with that duty.*

ARTICLE XIV.

Scotland not ‘ That the kingdom of Scotland be not charged with any ether chargeable .« duties laid on bythe parliament of	before	the	union,

^ties'before ‘ except thefe confented to in this treaty; «b regard it is agreed, the union,ex-* Thatall nccefiary provifion Anil be made by the periiament cept thefe	‘ of Stetlandforthc publiok charge and fcrvicc of that kiagdoot,

confented to. .«for the ysatdne tboufand feven handled and feven. Provided 5“ * Ge0, ** ‘ nevertbolafe. That if the parliament of England (hall think At F* *	‘ to lay-any further impofitiohs by way of csfens, dr faeh cr-

‘.cifes, withwhich by virtue of this treaty, Scotland ittobeebar*-1 ged equally with England, in (iichcafo Scotland fhadhe dablfe ,1 to the fame enftonas and excifes, and have an equivalent-tobb frorife *fettled ivy the parhament of Great Britain; with this forditr pro, ‘vifioa, That any-malt to be made and coafumod lftthat pert ‘ofthe nsutsd kingdom now called Scotland, (hall no* be charged I with any impofitimt onmah, -during this pedeRt vfer,- And ‘ feeing it caonot he fuppofed that the parlinatem of QMat Jfri*. *■tain will ever lay- <any fort of burthens upon the tanked kiftg-

*	dam, but what they Audi find of meceffity at that tima-fcr the ■* preforvadea and -good of the whok,fcnd wkhfijieifegard’tt ‘ die circutnftances and abilities of every pan of the unMinfifbg. ‘ dom, therefore it is agreed. That there bo no further exeMp-‘ tion infilled upoafor any part of the united kingdom, bat that

‘ the

Digitized by ^ooQle



rare*]	*©s

*	the conMwMHDQ of ao{ e*<foptious beyond what oro already

*	agreed on in this treaty, fhaU'bekft to. the determination of

42ms* SrkmJir. ■.	■	■

aft.Tica.£	;	r	,	"	;I

* That whereas by the terms of this treaty, The.fotgtfrs of Smt* Equivalent.

‘ kmi,for preferviog an equality of trade throughout the united

*	kingdom, will be Cable to foveral cuDoat and excifes now pay-

,ih ifit^^ whkdtIwiUbe applitabk Oowaeda payment of \ tbo dttatrW;Englandi .contacted before thermion; it wagmedf ‘ That	Sttdend (hall houe.an equivalent lor what the iqueft* see < Geo. i.

*	thereof (teM be fo chained towards payment of the feud debts 4m. ». c.

*	of England, in all particulars whatsoever, in manner follow- & s °«®* *•

*	ing, viz. That before the Union of the feud kingdoms, the c' **'

‘ fotti of throe hundred ninety eight tbou&nd and eighty five •

*	pounds,, ten (hillings, be granted to herMajefty by the pars. -Vliamcutof England, far the ufes after-mentioned, being the ‘•equivalent to be aafwcred to Stetknd for fuch parts of the (hid

f ettftoms and cxcifca upon all exetfeabk liquors with which that ‘ kingdom U to be charged upon the jmion$ as will be applicable

*	to the payment of the faid debts of England, according to the

*	proportion which the prafent cuftoms in	being thirty

v thoufand pounds par amOm, do bear totlae cuftoms in	England

^ computed «t one million three hundred-forty one thoufand f .five hundred and fifty nine pounds	and which	the

f prefehtoxaifea on exdfeable Itsuon in Stttknd, being thirty

*	three thoufand and five hundred pounds /rr annum, do bear to 1 die excifes on excifeable liquors in England, computed at nine f hundred forty feven thoufand fix hundred and two pounds per

f annum twhich fitm of three, hundred ninety eight thoufand '

‘ eighty fire pounds, ten thill tags, (hall be dne and payable *fax» the time of the union. Ana in regard that after the xmioti ^Scotland- becoming Gable to. the feme cuAmmand duties pay4-

*	able on import end export, and to the fame excifes on allex-4«ifeabk liquors as in England, as well upon thabaccount, ^uponthc-ncCount of.the Htoreafoof tradeand people, <which ■

*	wdlbethe happy confequenceof thtt.umont) the (wdiyvenOds

*	will-much improve beyond the before-mentioned annuel va<-

*	dues thereef,. ef which no pdefant eftknate-can be mode ; ,ydt £ nOvertbekfs, for the ireefons aforefaid,tbsmt»ghten baa prcS-> portiOftabk equivalent an(Wered to Jutland f iltttagreed, Thdt

i*afterthe,union there (tell bean accoubrkepeof the faiddtnids .* at ifing,	to the.cod it tnay appear what ought-te-bb.

^unfweted to Scotland ae en.-eqtuvalent rjt :fuch proportion df -Hlwitfe^ Incwafe.as fliaU be apphcaWe todhu payment of the ^mkSt^fiEngktd'. Andforthe furtberandsriore effectual «n-^fteHugsMiefcveraJ ends-heroafber meneiooedv’kia agreed. That ‘ foomtsod afterthe unjoft*vhe> whole iooeeafeof the revenues fafJduftpflB V and duties ion import andcerqaortfc ami excifes up-. ‘ on eUeiethk liquors- hr Stotkhi, oner and; abcWc- the. annual dpro(l*9thbfe5ht/j^TClpei5bre ih^e^ as abowihJed,'(hall go

‘and

digitized by

Google

a©4

UTet to which equivalent money » applied.

Coin of Scotland.

African comply*

Overplus.

Publick debts.

Anfio qnuito ANKJg. c.S.

• arid be applied, for the termoffeveft years* to theufahcrb-

•	'after mentioned; and that upon the faid account there (hall 4 be anfwered to Scotland annually from the end of feven years 4 after the union, qg equivalent in proportion to fuch part of 4 the faid increafe. as (hall be applicable to the debts of England\ ‘ and generally, that an equivalent (hall be anfwered to Scot-4 land for fuch parts of the Englijk debts, as Scotland may here-4 after become liable to pay by reafon of the union, other than 4 fuch for which appropriations have been made by parliament 4 in England, of the cuftoms, or other duties on export and im-4 port, excifes on all excifeable liquors, in refped of which 4 debts, equivalents are herein before provided. And as for the 4 ufes to which the faid fum of three hundred ninety eight thou-4 fand eighty five pounds, ten (hillings, to be granted, as afore-4 faid, and all other monies which are to be anfwered or aJJow-4 ed to Scotland, as aforefaid, are to be applied, it is agreed, 4 That in the firft place, out of the aforeiaid fum, what confi-4 deration (hall be found neceffary to be had for any Ioffes, 4 which private perfons may fuftain by reducing the coin of Scot-4 land to the ftandard and value of the coin of England, may be 4 made good; in the next place, that the capital (lock, or fund 4 of the African and Indian company of Scotland advanced, toge-4 ther with intereft for the faid capital (lock, after the rate of 4 five per centum per annum, from the refpedtive times of the pay-4 ment thereof, fhall be paid : upon payment of which capita]

4 (lock and intereft, it is agreed, the faid company be diffolved 4 and ceafe, and alfo, that from the time of paffing the act of 4 parliament in England, for raifing the faid fum of three hun-4 dred ninety eight thoufand eighty five pounds, ten (hillings, •4 the faid company fhall neither trade, nor grant licence to trade; 4 providing, that if the faid flock and intereft (hall not be paid 4 in twelve months after the commencement of the union, that 4 then the faid company may from thenceforward trade, or give 4 licence to trade, until the faid whole capital flock and intereft •4 (hall be paid. And as to the overplus of the faid fum of three 4 hundred ninety eight thoufand eighty five pounds, ten (hilT 4 lings, after payment of what confideration (hall be had for 4 loflcs in repairing the coin, and paying the faid capital (lock 4 and intereft, and alfo the whole increafe of the faid revenues 4 of cuftoms, duties, and excifes, above the prefent value, which 4 (hall arife in Scotland, during the faid term of feven years, to-4 gether with the equivalent which fhall become due upon the 4 improvement thereof in Scotland after the faid term; apd alfo,

*	as to all other fums, which, according to the agreements a-4 forefaid, may become payable to Scotland by way of eauiva-4 lent, for what that kingdom (hall hereaftef become liable to-4 wards payment of the debts of England; it is agreed. That 4 the fame be applied in the manner following, viz: That all 4 the publick debts of the kingdom of Scotland, as (hall be ad-4 jufted by this prefent parliament, (hall be paid : and that' two 4 thoufand pounds per annum for the fpace of feven years, (hall

• •	•	t	*1_



1706.]	Anno qiiinto Ann^. C. 8.’	205

4 be applied towards encouraging and promoting the manufac- Manufacture 4 ture of coarfe wool within thofe (hires which produce the ®,Q^ar e 4 wool; and that the firft two thoufand pounds fleriing be paid 4 at Martinmas next, and fo yearly at Martinmas, during the 4 fpace aforefaid ; and afterwards, the fame (hall be wholly ap- pifherics.

4 plied towards the encouraging and promoting the tifheries. See 13 Geo. 1. 4 and fuch other manufactures and improvements in Scotland, c. 3°*f* >•

4 as may moft conduce to the general ^ood of the united king-^ 4 dom. And it is agreed. That her Majefty be impowered to'coinmwiion- # 4 appoint commiflioners, who (hall be accountable to the par-'eis tor the e-4 liament of Great Britain, for difpofing the faid fum of three quivalent.

4 hundred ninety eight thoufand and eighty five pounds, ten 4 (hillings, and all other monies which (hall arife to Scotland,

4 upon the agreements aforefaid, to the purpofes before-men -4 tioned : which commiflioners (hall be impowered to call for,

4 receive, and difpofe of the faid monies, in manner aforefaid,

4 and to infpeCt the books of the feveral collectors of the faid 4 revenues, and of all other duties, from whence an equivalent 4 may arife: and that the collectors and managers of the faid 4 revenues and duties be obliged to give to the faid commiflion-4 ers fubferibed authentick abbreviates of the produce of fuch 4 revenues and duties arifing in their refpeCtive diftriCts: and 4 that the faid commiflioners (hall have their office within the 4 limits of Scotland, and (hall in fuch office keep books contain-4 ing accounts of the amount of the equivalents, and how the 4 fame (hall have been difpofed of from time to time, which 4 may be infpeCted by any of the fubjeCls, who (hall defire the 4 fame/

ARTICLE XVI.	.	;

c That from and after the union, the coin (hall bC of the,®0***

4 fame ftaridard and value throughout the united kingdom, as^

*	now in England, and a mint (hall be continued in Scotland^

4 under the fame rules as the mint in England, and the prefent 4 officers of the mint continued, fubjeCt to fuch regulations and

c alterations as her Majefty, her heirs or fucCeflbrs, or the par-	^J

4 liament of Great Britain (hall think fit.*

ARTICLE XVII. c That from and after the union, the fame weights and mea- Weights and c furcs (hall be ufed throughout the united kingdom, as are meauire*.

* now eftablilhed in England, and ftandards of weights and mea-	f 4 fures (hall be kept by thofe burghs in Scotland, to whom the

*	keeping (he ftandards of'Weights and meafures, noW in ufe 4 there, docs of fpecial right belong: all which ftandards' fhafl •be fenr'doWn to fuch rdpeCHve burghs, from the ftandards 4 kept in the Exchequer at Wefbiinjler, rnbjeCt neverthelefs to 4 fuch regulations as the parliament of Great Britain (hall think 4 fit/

A R T I CLE XVUI. c That the laws concerning regulation of trade, cuftoms, R*£ulat*0B 4 apd fuch excifes to which Scotland Is, by virtue of thii treaty,tradc#

4 to

Digitized by

Google

*af	c-f£i?o&

4 to be liable, be the fame in Scotland, from and after the union,

4 as in England; and that all other laws in ufe within the king-4 dom of Scotland, do after the union, and notwithftanding 4 thereof, remain in the fame force as before, (except fuch as 4 are contrary to, or inconfiftent with this treaty) but alterable 4 by the parliament of Great Britain; with this difference be-4 twixt the laws concerning publick right, policy, and civil go-4 vernment, and thofe which concern private right, that the 4 laws which concern publick right, policy, and civil govern -4 ment, may be made the fame throughout the whole united 4 kingdom ; but that no alteration be made in laws which con-4 cern private right, except for evident utility of the fubje&s 4 within Scotland.9

ARTICLE XIX,'

College of «That the court of fe$on, or college of juftice* 4? ^ th* jiiftice. Vunipo* and tmmitbftanding thereof, remain in all timecomfog* 7 Geo.ft.c.i4, cwithin Scotland* as it is powconfotutedby the laws of that £ ^	‘kingdom, and with the feme authority and prifitagf* as before

4 the uaiop, M*je# ocvertfcejefo to fochrcguiatioii* fort he bct~ 4<*cr adminiflxari^ of jylike, as (hall be made by tte partis-

*	ment of Qregt Britai* * ami that hereafter none (MU bo earned 4 by her M»jefty* or her royal fuecoflbrs, to be ordinary lords of Vfdfion, but fuch who have fer?ed in the college of ju&ieea* 4> advocator, oi; principal clerksof feflion for the (paeao

4 years; or as writers to the figqet for the fpaoe of tern years ? 4- with tlmprpvifioa, That no writer to the fignet be capable to 4 be admitted a lord of the feflion, unlefs he undergo a private 4 and publick trial pit the civil: law, brfbse the faculty of advo*

*	cates, and be-found by them qualified for the find office, two c years before he be named to be a lord of the fetfioD; yet fo as 4 the. qualifications made, or to be made? for capacitating per-* 4 Tons to be named ordinary lords of fefiion, may be altered by

Court of jufti- r the parliament of Great Britain. And that the court of raffia d**y-	4 ciary do alfo after the union, and notwithftanding thereof, re-,

4 main in all time coming within Scotland\ as it is now confti-! 4 tuted by the laws of that kingdom, and with the fame au-4 thority and privileges as before theuniqp, fobjeft nevertheless 4 to fiich regulations as (hall be made bv the partiamenrAof'Groat 4 Britain, and without prejudice of o{ner rights of jpriiciarjr ? Admiralty jo-4 and that all admiralty jurisdictions be under thelotd high-aa-rifdi&ions. c miral or commiflioners for the admiralty pf Great Britain for 4 the time being; and that the court or admiralty now eftabliih-* 4 edin Scotland be continued, and th»tall reviews, reductions, 4 as fufpenfions of the fentences in maritime cafes* competent 4 to the jurifdi&ion of that court, remain in the fomeirtaniw? 4 after the union, as npw in ScQtfat}d% until the parliament of 4 Great Britain (hall make fuch regulations and alterations, as 4 fhallbe judged expedient for the whole wteed kipgdbm, fo as 4 there be always continued mSxttlahd a court of admiralty, 4 fuch as in England^ for deterruination of all maritime cafes re-

*-f4 iating



tyoft]	Afa»qafea«A*tMrWB*'Ap

4 lating to private rights in Scotland, competent to the jurifdic-4 tion of the admiralty court, lubjed neverthelcfs to fuch regu-4 lations and alterations as (ball be tiiought proper to be made 4 by the parliament of Great Britain; and that the heritable 4 rights of admnalty and vice admiralties in Scotland be referred 4 to the refpedive proprietors as rights of property, fubjedt ne-4 therthelefs, as to the manner of exercifing fuch heretable rights,

4 to fuch regulations and alterations, as mall be thought proper 4 to be made by the parliament of Great Britain $ and that all other courts.

4 other courts now in being within the kingdom of Scotland do	r

4 remain, but fubjeefc to alterations by the parliament of Gnat 4 Britain; and that all inferior courts within the faid limits do 4 remain fubordinate, as they arc now, to the fupreme courts 4 of juftice within the fame, in all time coming; and that no 4 caufes in Scotland be cognofcible by the courts of Chancery,

4 2%tuen's Bench, Common Pleas, or any other court in JVeftmin-	,

4 JlerHall; and that the faid courts, or any other of the like Court of Ex* ’* 4 nature, after the union, (hall have no power to cognofce, chequer efta-4 review, or alter the a<fts or fentences of the judicatures within blifhed for 4 Scotland y or ftop the execution of the fame; and that there be ^nn*y/ 26 4 a court of Exchequer in Scotland after the union, for deciding I# * *2 4 queftions concerning the revenues of cuftoms and excifes there,

4 having the fame power and authority in fuch cafes, as the 4 court of Exchequer has in England; and that the faid court of 4 Exchequer in Scotland have power of patting fignatures, gifts,

4 tutories, and in other things, as the court of Exchequer at pre-4 font in Scotland hath; and that the court of Exchequer that now 4 is in Scotland do remain, until a new court of Exchequer be 4 fettled by the parliament of Great Britain in Scotland after the 4 union; and that after the union, the Queen’s majefty, and 4 her royal fucceflors, may continue a privy council in Scotland,	council*

4 for preferving of publick peace and order, until the parliament 4 of Great Britain (hall think fit to alter it, or eftablifti any other 4 effedtual method for that end.’

ARTICLE XX.

4 Tin* ill heretable offices, fcpcmmm, horetabie jurzftiic-* Herttabh of-4 Mrs, office*lor life, and jttrifdKftioju for life* beetierred td fices.

4 the owners thereof, astightsof property, in: the feme manner '

•	as they are now enjoyed by the tews oSfkotland, notwith*

♦4 Handing due treaty/ *	1	r	"	.

ARTICLE XXL	-

4 That the rights andprivileges of theroyal buighs in Aa/* Royal burghs. 4 land> as they now aee, dorenum entire after the union, nd

♦	notwithftanding thceeof.*-	•	.	•	;	*

ARTICLE XXII.

4 That by virtue of this treaty, of the peers of Scotland, at Sixteen peers 4 Ike tune of the union, iixteen ibah he the number to fit and of Scotland to 4 vote in thoihoufo qf loads# end forty five the number of the . !.;i -6	4 repre-

Digitized by v^.ooQle

*pt	Arfoo	quinto	Ami	A . c. t:	[1706,

*mprcfentsfh«t wf Scotland in the honfe of cttMuapui of tbs c parliament of Britain; and that when her Majefty, her 4 heirs or fiiccefibr*, fhall declare her or their pbfiire for hold-4 jag the firft or any fubfcqoent parliament of Grant Britain,

‘ /until the parliament of Groat Britain (hall make further pro-* * vifioos therein, a writ do iffue under the «eat feal of the united ‘.kingdom, dire&ed to the privy council or	ff«»nayul-

(ing them to caufefixteen peers, who are to fit in thehoufe of" 4 lords, to be fummoned to parliament, and forty five members -Forty five (to be eleded to fit in the houfe of commons of the parliament members to fit 4 of Great Britain, according to the agreement of this treaty, in in the bouie * fuch manner as by an a& of this prefent feffiob of the parity-of common,\ 4 ment of Scotland is or (hall be fettled; which ad is hereby do-» to be as valid as if it were a part of, and ingrafted in lng 4 this treaty. And that the names of the periods b lummon-

*	Ann«,c.ij. 4 ed and deded (hall be returned by the privy council of Scat-

£ !•	,	4 land into the court from whence the faid writ did ifiue, And

. 4 that if her Majefty, on or before the firft day of May next, on-4 which day the union is to take place, (hall dedare under the 4 great feal of England* That it is expedient that the lords, of*

4 parliament of England, and commons of the prefent parliament 4 of England, (hould be the members of the refpedive houfes oft Firft parti*. «the firft parliament of Great Britain, for and on the part of Britain.G™ * En$an&t> then the faid lords of parliament of England, and com-4 mons.of the prefent parliament of England, (hall be the mem-*

4 bers of the refpedive houfes of the firft parliament of Grfafi 4 Britain, for and on the part , of England: and her Majefty may 4 by her royal proclamation, under the great feal of Great Bri^y 4 tain, appoint the laid firft parliament of Great Britain to meet 4 at fiich time and place as her Maiefty (hall think fit; which

•	4 time (hall not be lefs than fifty days after the date of fuch 4 proclamation; and the time and place of the meeting of fuqh 4 parliament being fo appointed, a writ (hall be immediately 4 iffued under the great feal of Great Britain, directed to tfie 4 privy council of Scotland^ for the fummoning the fixteen peers,

4 and for electing forty five members, by whom Scotland is to be 4 represented in the parliament of Great Britain. And the lords 4 of parliament of England, and the fixteen peers of Scotland,

4 fuch fixteen peers being fummoned and returned in the man-4 ner agreed in this treaty, and the members of thehoufe of 4 commons of the faid parliament of England, and the forty, 4 five members for Scotland, fuch forty five members being elec-4 ted and returned in the manner agreed in this treaty, (hall 4 afiemble and meet refpectiveJy, in the refpedive houfes of the 4 parliament of Great Britain, at fuch time and place as (hall 4 be fo appointed by her Majefty, and (hall be the two houfes pf 4 the firft parliament of Great Britain; and that parliament may 4 continue for fuch time only, as the prefent parliament of 4 England might have continued if the union of the two king-4 do ms had not been made, unlefs fooner diflblved by her Ma<*

4 jetty. And that every one of the iprds of parliament of Great

'	4	Britain,

' 

lyotf;]	'	Anno qvnsttf AmMa. c. 9;	20qt

c Britain, and every member of the houfe of commons of the Members to 4 parliament of Great Britain, in the firft and all fucceeding par-4 liaments of Great Britain, until the parliament of Great Bri- c*

4 tain (hall otherwife diredt, lball take the refpe&ive oaths ap-4 pointed to be taken inftead of the oaths of allegiance and fu-4 premacy, by an a<ft of parliament made in England in the firft 4 year of the reign of the late King IVilliam and Queen Mary; \ W. & M.

4 intituled* An act for the abrogating of the oaths of fupremacy and 1' c* *•

4 allegiance, and appointing other oaths, and make, fubfcribe, and 4 audibly repeat the declaration mentioned in an act of parlia-c ment made in England in the thirtieth year of the reign of € King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the more ejfeftual 30 Car, *. flat. 1 preferving the King's perfon and government, by difabling papifls a.c. i.

4 from fitting in either houfe of parliament; and (nail take and 4 fubfcribe the oath mentioned in an a6t of parliament made in 4 England, in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled, An i Annie, flat# 4 aft to declare the alterations in the oath appointed to betaken by the i. c. a*.

4 aft, intituled, An act for the further fecurity of his Majeflfs peri*

4 fon, and the Jucceffion of the crown in the protejlant line, and for 4 extingui/hing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all 4 other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors, and for de~

4 daring the ajfociation to be determined; at fuch time, and in fuch 4 manner as the members of both houfes of parliament of Eng-4 land are by the faid refpeeftive ads direded to take, make, and 4 fubfcribe the fame, upon the penalties and difabilities in the faid 4 refpedive ads contained. And it is declared and agreed. That 4 thefe words. This realm> The crown of this realm, and The 4 Queers of this realm, mentioned in the oaths and declaration 4 contained in the aforefaid ads, which were intended to fignify 4 the crown and realm of England, (hall be underftood of the 4 crown and realm of Great Britain; and that in that fcnfe the 4 faid oaths and declaration be taken and fubferibed by the mcui-4 bers of both houfes of the parliament of Great Britain.*

ARTICLE XXIII.

4 That the aforefaid fixteen peers of Scotland mentioned in the Privileges of 4 laft preceding article, to (it in the houfe of lords of the par- the **xtcea 4 liament of Great Britain, fhall have all privileges of parlia- pcerii 4 ment, which the peers of England now have, and which they,

4 or any peers of Great Britain (hall have after the union, and 4 particularly the right of fitting upon the trials of peers: and 4 in cafe of the trial of any peer, in time of adjournment, or 4 prorogation of parliament, the (aid fixteen peers (hall be fum-4 moned in the fame manner, and have the fame powers and 4 privileges at fuch trial, as any other peers of Great Britain.

4 And that in cafe any trials of peers (hall hereafter happen,

4 when there is no parliament in being, the fixteen peers of Scot-4 land, who fat in the laft preceding parliament, (hall be fum-4 moned in the fame manner, and have the lame powers and 4 privileges at fuch trials, as any other peers of Greet Britain;

4 and that all peers of Scotland, and their fuceeflors to their ho-

Vol, -XI.	P	4	nours



2 tO

and of all th4 ften of Scotland.

One great fed.

Seal in Scotland.

Privy feal, &c. continued.

Regalia, records of par-' liamen% See.

Laws incon-fiflent, void.

Ando cpitaco Anna. c.	[tyoG.

4 Hours and dignities, (hall from and after the union, be peer*

*	of Greet Britain, and have rank and precedency next and im-

*	mediately after the peers of the like orders and degrees in

*	lend at the time of the union, and before ail peers of Gnat

*	Britain of the like orders and degrees, who may be created

*	after the union, and (haM be tried as peers of	,

*	and (hall enjoy ah privileges of peers, aS fully as the peers of ( England do now, or as they, or any other peers of Great Bri-4 tain may hereafter enjoy the fame, except the right and privi-

*	lege of fitting in the houfe of lords, and the privileges de-

*	pending thereon, and particularly the right of fitting upon thd

*	trials of peers.’

ARTICLE XXIV.

( That from and after the union, there be one neat feal for the united kingdom of Great Britain, which fhaU be different from the great feal now ufcd in either kingdom: and that the quartering the arms, and the rank and precedency of the lyoil king of arms of the kingdom of	as	may	bed	fuir	the

union, be left to her Majefty: and that in the mean time, the great feal of England be fifed as the great feal of the united kingdom, and that the great feal of the united kingdom be ufed for feeling writs to eledt and fummon the parliament of Greet Britain, and for fealing all treaties with foreign prinCeS and (bates, and all publick adts, indrumentg and orders of (fate, Which concern the whole united kingdom, and in all other matters relating to Ettgbnd, as the meat feal of England is now ufed: and that a feal in Scotland after the union be al-* ways kept and made ufe of in all things relating to private rights or grants, which have ufaally parted the great feal of Scotland, and which only concern offices, grants, commiffions; and private rights within that kingdoms and that until fuch feal (hall be appointed by her Majefty, the prefent great feal of Scotland (hall be ufed for fuch purpofes : and that the privy feal; fignet, cadet, figttet Of the judiciary court, quarter feal, and fean of courts now ufed in Scotland be continued; but that the (kid feals be altered and adapted to the date of die union; 89 her Majedy (half think fit j and the faid feals, and ail of them, and the keepers of them, (hall be fubiedt to inch regu-t lations as the parliament of Great Britain (hail hereafter make.' And that the crown, (copter, and fword of date, the record* of parliament, and all other records, roHs and regiders what-foever, both publick and private, general and particular, and warrants thereof, continue to be kept as they are within that part of the United kingdom now called Scotland; and that they (hall fo remain in all time coming, notwithihmding the union.*

ARTICLE XXV.

4 That all laws and datutes in either kingdom, fo far as they ; are contrary to, or inconfident With the terms of thefe articles,

■ or any of them, (hall, from and after the union, ceafe and

4 bttotae

Digitized By

Google

1706.]	Anno	quinto Annae. c. 8.	211

€ become vofd, and (hall be fo declared to be, by the refpe&ive * parliaments of the faid kingdoms.’

As by the faid articles of union, ratified and approved by the faid mft of parliament 0/Scotland, relation being thereunto had, may op~ pear.. And the tenor of the aforefaid aft for fecuring the protefiant religion and prefbytertan church government within the kingdom of Scotland, is as follows:

II.* UR fovereign Lady, and the eftates of parliament, Aft for fecur-

4 considering that by the late ad of parliament, for a ine the pro. treaty with England for an union of both kingdoms, it is pro5- teftant reli. Tided, That the commissioners for that treaty Should nottreat of or concerning any alteration of the worShip, difeipline, and church go-government of tne cnurch of this kingdom as now by law efta- vemment in blifhed : which treaty being now reported to the parliament, Scotland, and it being reafonable and neceffary that the true proteftartt religion, as prefently profefled within this kingdom, with the worlhip, difeipline, and government of this church, Should be effectually and unalterably fecured : therefore her Majefty, with advice and confent of the faid eftates of parliament, doth hereby eftablifh and confirm the faid true proteftant religion, and the worShip, difeipline, and government of this church, to continue without any alteration to the people of this land in all fuccceding generations; and more efpecially her Majefty, with advice arid confent aforefaid, ratifies, approve*,	,

and for ever confirms the fifth a & of the firft parliament of King ffllHam and Queen Mary, intituled, Aft ratifying the confeffim of faith, and fettling prefbyterian church government; with all other ads of parliament relating thereto, in ptofecu-tion of the declaration of the eftates of this kingdom, containing the claim of right, bearing date the eleventh of April, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty nine : and her Majefty, with advice ind confent iaforefaid, exprelly provides and de-	'

dares. That the fbrelaid true proteftant religion, contained in the above mentioned confeflion of faith, with the form and purity Of worihip prefently in ufe within this church, and its preSbyterian church government and difeipline (that is to. fay) the government of the church by kirk feffions, preSbyterie*, provincial fynods, and general aSTemblies, all eftabliShed by the forefaid ads of parliament, purfuant to the claim of right.

Shall remain and continue unalterable, and that the faid preSbyterian government Shall be the only government of the church within the kingdom of Scotland.’

III. 4 And further, for the greater fecurity of the forefoid proteftdnt religion, and of the worfhip, difeipline, and government of this church, as above eftabliShed, her Majefty, with . advice and cortfent aforefaid, Statutes and ordains. That and'^tlege* universities and colleges of Saint Andrew, Glafgow, Aberdeen, t0 continue, and Edinburgh, as now eftabliShed by law, (hall continue within this kingdom for ever; aod that in all time coming, rto *	1	P	%	4	profeffors.

Digitized by

Google

Snbje&s not liable to any oath incon-fiftent with the faid church government.

Queen's fuc-ceitort to maintain the fame.

A& to be for ever obferv’d as an eilential part of any treaty, &c. between the kingdoms.

Anno quinto Annje. c. 8.	[1706.

4 profeflors, principals, regents, matters, or others, bearing 4 office in any univerfity, college, or fchool within this king* * dom, be capable to be admitted, or allowed to continue in the 4 exercife of their (aid fun&ions, but fuch as (hall own and ac-4 knowledge the civil government in manner prefcribed or to be 4 prefcribed by the ads of parliament; as alfo, that before, or 4 at their admiffions, they do and (hall acknowledge and pro-4 fefs, and (hall fubferibe to the forefaid confeffion of faith, as 4 the confeffion of their faith, and that they will pra&ife ahd 4 conform themfclves to the worfhip prefendy in ufe in this 4 church, and fubmit themfelves to the government and dif-4 cipline thereof, and never endeavour dire&ly or indiredBy the 4 prejudice or fubverfion of the fame, and that before the re^ 4 foe&ive prelbyteries of their bounds, by whatfoever gift, pre* 4 (entation or provifion they may be thereto provided.

IV.	4 And further, her Majefty, with advice aforefaid, ex-4 pretty declares, and ftatutes. That none of the fubjeds of this 4 kingdom (hall be liable to, but all and every one of them for 4 ever free of any oath, teft or fubfeription within this kingdom*, 4 contrary to, or inconfiftent with the forefaid true proteftant re*-4 ligion, and pre(byterian church government, worfhip, and 4 difeipline, as above ettablittied; and that the fame within the 4 bounds of this church and kingdom, (hall never be impofed 4 upon, or required of them, in any fort. And laftJy, That 4 after the deceafe of her prefent Majefty, (whom Grod long 4 preferve) the fovereign fucceeding to her in the royal govern*-4 ment of the kingdom of Great 'Britain, (hall in all time coming 4 at his or her acceffion to the crown, fwear and fubferibe, that 4 they (hall inviolably maintain and preferve the forefaid fettle*-4 ment of the true proteftant religion, with the government, 4 worfhip, difeipline, right, and privileges of this church, as 4 above eftablilhed by the laws of this kingdom in profecution 4 of the claim of right.’

V.	4 And it is hereby ftatute and ordained, That this ad of 4 parliament, with theeftablifhment therein contained, (hall be 4 held and obferved in all time coming, as a fundamental and 4 effential condition of any treaty or union to be ednduded b6-4 twixt the two kingdoms, without any alteration thereof, or 4 derogation thereto in any fort for ever : as alfo, That this adt 4 of parliament, and (ettlement therein contain'd, (hall be iir-4 (ert and repeated in any act of parliament that (hall pafs for 4 agreeing and concluding the forefaid treaty or union betwixt 4 the tyo kingdoms; and that the fame (hall be therein expretty 4 declared to be a fundamental and efleritial condition of the (aid 4 treaty or union in all time coming : which articles of union, 4 and a<5t immediately above-written; her Majefty, with advice 4 and confent aforelaid, ftatutes, enads, and ordains to be 4 and continue, in all time coming, the fure and perpetual 4 foundation of a compleat and entire union of the two king-4 doms of Scotland and England, under the exprefs condition and 4 proviiion, that this approbation and ratification of the fore-

4 (aid



213

1706.] Ahno qainto Ann^e. c.8.

c faid articles and* aft (hall be no ways binding on this kingdom,

4 until the faid articles and aft be ratified, approved, and con-4 firmed by her Majefty^ with and by the authority of the par-

*	liament of England, as they are now agreed to, approved and j confirmed by her Majefty, with and by the authority of the Parliament of 4 parliament of Scotland; declaring neverthelefs, that the par- England may

*	liament of England may provide for the fecurity of the church Purity of 4 of England as they think expedient, to take place within the church of

*	bounds of the faid kingdom of England, and not derogating England, Scc.

4 from the fecurity above provided for eftablithing of the church

4 of Scotland within the bounds of this kingdom; as alfo the ? faid parliament of England may extend the additions and other 4 provifions contained in the articles of union, as above infert,

4 in favours of the fubjefts of Scotland, to and in favours of the 4 fubjefts of England; which (hall not fufpend or derogate from 4 the force and effeft of this prefent ratification, but (hall be 4 underftood as herein included, without the neceffity of any 4 new ratification in the parliament of Scotland/

VI.	4 And laftJy, her Majefty enafts and declares. That all All law*, &c, 4 laws and ftatutes in this kingdom, fo far as they are contrary inconfiftent

4 to, or inconfiftent with, the terms of thefe articles, as above- w*tb article*

4 . mentioned, (hall from and after the union ccafe and become ^to 4 void.*

VII.	4 And whereas an aft hath parted in this prefent feffion 5 Arm*, c. 5. 4 of parliament, intituled. An act for fecuring the church of Eng-

4 land as by law ejlablijhed; the tenor whereof follows:

*	TXT’HEREAS by an aft made in the feffion of parliament Aft for fetur-4 VV held in the third and fourth year of her > Majefty*s ingvthe church 4 reign, whereby her Majefty was impowered to appoint com- of England,

4 miuioners, upder the great feal of England, to treat with com- rccited* c miffioners to be authorized by the parliament of Scotland\

4 concerning an union of the kingdoms of England and Scotland,

4 it is provided and enafted. That the commiffioners to be 4 named in purfuance of the (kid aft fhould not treat of or con-c ceming any alteration of the liturgy, rites, ceremonies, dif-4 dpline, or government of the church as by law eftablifhed 4 within this realm: and whereas certain commiffioners ap-4 pointed by her Majefty in pdrfuance of the feid aft, and alfo 4 other commiffioners nominated by her Majefty by the autho-4 rity of the parliament of Scotland, have met? and agreed upon 4 a treaty of union of the faid kingdoms \ which treaty is now 4 under the confideration of this prefent parliament: and where-4 as the faid treaty (with fome alterations therein made) is rati-4 fied and approved by aft of parliament in Scotland; and the 4 (aid aft of ratification is, by her Majefty’s royal command,

4 laid before the parliament of this kingdom : and whereas it 4 is reafonable and necelfary, that the true proteftant religion 4 profefled and eftablifhed by law in the church of England, and 4 the doftrine, worftup, difeipline, and government thereof,

4 (houid be efFeftpaUy and unalterably fecured$ be it enafted by

P3	4	the



Anno qointo Anna. c. 8.	[1706L

4 the-Quden’s rooft excellent majefty, by end with the advice 4. and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com-*

4 mons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by au-4 thority of the fame. That an ad made in the thirteenth year vs Elfe. c. xb. 4 Qf the reign of Queen Elizabeth* of faipous memory, intituled,

4 An act for the minifiers of the church to he of found religion; and 4 alfo another ad made in the thirteenth year of the reign of 13 & 14 Oar. t.4the late Kina Charles the Second, intituled, Anaftfortbe uni* c.4.	4 fortuity of the puhtick prayers and aimniftration of facramentSy

>	4 and other rites and ceremonies* and for ejtablijhing the form of

4 making, ordaining* and confocrating hijhops, priefts* and deacons ttf 4 the church of England (other than fuch claufes in the faid ads,

4 or either of them, as have been repealed or altered by any 4 fubfequent ad or ads of parliament) and all and Angular other 4 ads of parliament now in force for the eftabliftunent and pre-* 4 fervation of the church of England* and the dodrine, wormip, 4 difeipline, and government thereof, (hall remain and be in 4 full force for ever/

Queen’s fee- VIII. 4 And be it further enaded by the authority aforeftid, editors to take « That after the demife of her Majefty (whom God long pre-the * fervc) fovereign next Aicceeding to her Majefty in the eburcti of 4 royal government of the kingdom of Great Britain, and fo for England. f ever hereafter, every King or Queen fucceeding and coming 4 to the royal government of the kingdom of Great Britain* at 4 his or her coronation, (hall in the prefence of all perfons who f (hall be attending, aflifting, or otherwife then and there pre-4 fent, take <pnd fubferibe an oath to maintain and preferve in-4 violably the (aid fettlement of the church of England* and the 4 dodrine, worfhip, difeipline, and government thereof, as bV 4 law eftablilhed within the kingdoms of England and Irelandi 4 the dominion of Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* and 4 the territories thereunto belonging/

A® .b* a* IX. 1 And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid; of anyVeaty, c That this ad, and all and every the matters and things thereto.	’	4 in contained, be, and (hall for ever be holden and adjudged

? to be a fundamental and eflential part of any treaty of union 4 to be concluded between the faid two kingdoms; and alfo that 4 this ad (hall be inferted in exprefs terms in any ad of par-f liament which (hall be made for fettling and ratifying any fuch 4 treaty of union, and (hall be therein declared to be an efien-f tial and fundamental part thereof/

Articles of X. May it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that union, and it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the Queen’s moft ex-1 ^ Client majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords prefbytetian (pir*tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-church go- ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all vernment, See. and every the faid articles of union as ratified and approved by ratified and the faid ad of parliament of Scotland, as aforefeid, and herein confirmed, before particularly mentioned and inferted; and alfo the faid } ad of parliament of Scotland for eftablijhing the proteftant rcli-

l .	gion

Digitized by

Google

17<*&J	Anno qptato Awnj&. c.	215

gioa and prefbyterian church government within that kingdom, intituled, An act fir ft curing the protejlant religion, and prefbyterian church government, and every claufe, matter, and thing in the 1*1{1 articles and ad contained, Hull be, and the faid articles and a# i*e hereby for ever ratified, approved, and confirmed.

XL And it U hereby further enacted by the authority afore- 5 Ann*, c. 5. faid, That the faid ad pafled in this prefent feffion of parlia-^” the^' meat, intituled, An act fir ficuring the church 0/England, as church go. law f/lablijhed\ and all and every the matters and things therein vernments in contained, and alfo the faid ad of parliament of Scotland, in- England and tituied. An act fir ficuring the protejlant religion, and prejbyterian 52awdV5Si* church government y with the eftablilhment in the faid aft con-tjai parts otcn" taioed, be and (hall for ever be held and adjudged to be, and the union, obierved as fundamental and eflential conditions of the faid qnion i and (hall in all times coming be taken to be, and are hereby declared to be eflential and fundamental parts of the faid articles and union ; and the faid articles of union fo as a-fore laid ratified, approved and confirmed by ad of parliament of Scotland, and by this prefent ad, and the faid a d pafled in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An act fir ficuring 5 nnr*c* the ebureb of England as by law ejlablijhedy and alfo the faid ad pafled in the parliament of Scotland, intituled. An act fir ficuring the protejlant religion, and prejbyterian church government, are hereby enaded and ordained to be and continue in all times coming die compleat and entire union of the two kingdoms of Jfrgjand and Scotland.

Xfl. And whereas Juice the pajjitig the JaiJ aft in the parliament fcttj* y Scotland, fir ratifying the faid articles of union, one other afty the manner of Inttftfledy An ad fettling the manner of eleding the fixteen eliding the peers, and forty five members, to reprefent Scotland in the par- wpwfcnta-liameot of Great Britain, hath lihwtfi paffid in the feud parlia-	Scot*

nunt of Scotland at Edinburgh, the fifth\dayxof February, one ^houfimd feven hundred and fiv(my the tenor whereof follows:

*	/^VUR fovereign Lady confidering. That by the twenty fe- Tenor of the c V/ cond article of the treaty of union, as toe fame is rati- ad.

*	fied by an ad pafled in this feffion of parliament, upon the 4 fixteenth of January laft, it is provided. That by virtue of the 4 faid treaty, of the peers of Scotland, at the time of the union,

4 fixteen fhall be of the number to fit and vote in the houfe of 4 lords, and forty five the number of the representatives of 4 Scotland in the houfe of commons of the parliament of Great 4 Britain; and that the (aid fixteen peers, and forty five mem-4 bers in tfie houfe of commons, be named and chofen in fuch

*	manner as by a fubfequent ad in this prefent feffion of parlia-4 jnent in Scotland, fhould be fettled \ which ad is thereby de-4 dared to be as valid, as if k were a part of, and ingroffed in 4 the (aid treaty: therefore her Majefty, with the advice and 4 confent of the eftates of parliament, ftatutes, enads, and

4 ordains. That the faid fixteen peers, who fhall have right to jjow the fix* 4 fit in the hauls of peers in the parliament of Great Britain, teen peers (ha ^	r	p	^	conbecleaed.





And alfo the forty five re-pretentatives.

Anno quinto 'Annas, c/8.	[1706.

pat* of Scotland, by virtue of this treaty, (hail he named f by the laid peers of Scotland, whom they represent, their heir* ^or jTucccffors to their dignities and honours, out of their own f number, and that by open eledion and plurality pf voices of

*	the peers prefenr, arid of the proxies' for fuch as (haH be ab-

*	fent,* the 1 iid proxies being peers, and producing a mandate

f in writing duly figned before witnefles, and both thc’confti-4 tuent ana proxy being qualified according to law; dedaring f aHo, That fuch peers as are abfcnt, being qualified asaforc-4 faid, may fend to all fuch meetings lifts of the peerswhomi 4 they judge fitteft,, validly figned by the faid abfent peers, which 4 (hailJ be reckoned in the fame manner as if the parties had 4 been prefent, and given in the faid lift; and in cafe of the 4 death, or legal incapacity of any of the faid'fixteen peers,* that 4 the aforefaid peers of	(hall nominate another of their own

4 number, in place of the (aid peer or peers, in manner before 4 and after mentioned: and^hat of the faid forty five repre-4 fentatives,of Scotland in the houfe of commons in the parlia-4 ment of Great Britain, thirty (hall be chofen by the (hires or 4 fteuartries, and fifteen by the royal burrows, as follows, viz. 4 one for every (hire and fteuartry, excepting the (hires of Bate 4 and CathnJf, which (hall choofe one by turns, Bate having 4 the firft election; the (hires of Nairn and Cromarty, which 4 (hall alfo choofe by turns, Nairn having the firft eledion; and 4 in like manner the (hires of Clacimanan and Kinrofsihall choofe 4 by turns, Clacimanan having the firft eledion ; and in cafe of 4 the death or legal incapacity of any of the faid members from. 4 the refpedlve (hires or fteuartries above-mentioned, ~ to fit 4 in the houfe of commons, it is enaded and ordained. That 4 the (hire or fteuartry, who eleded the faid member, (hall ded 4 another member in his place ; and that the faid fifteen repre-4 fentatives for the royal burrows be chofen as follows, viz. 4 That the town of Edinburgh (hall have right to eled and fend 4 one member to. the parliament of Great Britain; and that each 4 of the other burghs (hall eled a commiflioner in the fame 4 manner as they are now in ufe to eJed commiflioncrs to the 4 parliament of Scotland, which commiflioners and burghs [Edih-4 burgh excepted) being divided in fourteen clafles or diftri&s, 4 (hall meet at fuch time and burghs within their refeedive di-4 ftrids, as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors ftrattappoint. 4 and eled one for each diftrid, viz. The burghs oiKirhoau, 4 Weeky Dornock, Dingwall, and Taint, one; the burghs of 4 Fortrafe, Invernefs, Nairn, and Forrefs, one; the burghs of 4 Elgin, Cullen, Banff*, Inverury, ahd Kin tore, one; the burghs 4 of Aberdeen, Inverbervy, Montrofe, Aberbrothock, and BrvebifiCy 4 one; the burghs of Forfar, Perth, Dundee, Coupar, and St: 4 Andrews, one; the burghs of Craill, Kibrennie, Anffruther 4 Eajler, Anffruther IVeJler, and Pittenweem, one ; the burghs 4 of Dyfart9 Kirkaldie, Kingbem, and Bruntijland, one 5 the 1 burghs of Innerhthen, Dumfermline, §>ueensferry, Culrofs, ana

* Sterling, one; the burghs of Glafgow, Renfrew, Rugien, and

4 Dum-

Digitized by L^ooQle

1706.3	Anno quirito Ann-®. c. 8.

c Dumbarton, one; the burghs of Haddington, Dunbarr, North 4 Berwick, Louder, and Jedburgh, one; the burghs of Selkirk, 4 Peebles, Linlithgow, ana Lonerk, one j the burghs of Dumfries, 4 Sdnquhar, Annan, Lockmaben, and ‘ Kirkcudbright, one * the

*	burghs of Wigtoun, New Galloway, Stranraver,4 and White-

*	one; and the burghs of Zro/Vr, Rothefay, Combletoun, 4 and Inverary, one: and it is hereby declared and ordained*

*	That where the votes of the commiffioners for the faid burghs, 4 met to' choofe reprefentatives from their feveral diftrifts to the

*	parliament of Great Britain, (hall be equal, in that cafe the

*	preGdent of the meeting (hall have a calling or decifive vote, Sand that by and according to his vote as a commiflioner from.

*	the buigh from which he is fent $ the commiflioner from the,

*	eldeft burgh prefiding in the firft meeting, and the cofrunif-f Goners from the other burghs in their refpeftive diftrifts prc-

*	fiding afterwards by turns, in the order as the faid burghs are 4 now called in the rolls of the parliament of Scotland; and that, 4 in cafe any of the faid fifteen commiffioners from burghs fhall

*	deceafe or become legally incapable to fit in the houfe of com-4 mons, then the town of Edinburgh, or the diftrift which chofe 4 the faid member, (ball eleft i member in his or their place:

*	it is always hereby exprefly provided and declared. That none, 4 (hall be capable to eleft or be elected for any of the faid eftates,, 4 but fuch as ate twenty one years of age compleat, and pro-4 teftant, excluding all papifts, or fuch who being fufpeft of 4 popery, and required, refufe to fwear and fubfcribe the For-4 truth contained in the third aft made in the eighth and ninth 4 feifiohs of King William's parliament, intituled, An all for■ 4 preventing the growth of popery 5 and alfo declaring, that none 4 (hall be capable to eleft, or be elefted, to reprefent a (hire or 4 burgh in the parliament of Great Britain, for this part of the 4 united kingdom, except fuch as are now capable by the laws of 4 this kingdom, to eleft, or be elefted as commiflioners for 4 (hires or burghs to the parliament of ScotlandV; and further, 4 her Majefty, with advice and confent aforefaid, for the effec-4 tual and orderly eleftion of the perfons to be chofen to fit, 4 vote, and ferve in the refpeftive houfes of the parliament of 4 Great'Britain; when her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors,

*	(hall declare her or their pleafure for holding the firft or any 4 fubfequent parliament of Great Britain, and when for that ef-4 feft a writ (hall be ifiued out under the great feal of the united 4 kingdom, direfted to the privy council of Scotland, conform 4 to the faid twenty fecond article, ftatutes, enafts, and ordains,

*	That until the parliament of Great Britain (hall make further 4 provifion therein, the faid writ (hall contain a warrant and t command to the faid privy council, to iflfue out a proclama-4 tion in her Majefty’s name, requiring the peers of Scotland,

*	for die time, to meet and afletable at fuch time and place 4 within Scotland, as her Majefty and royal Tucceffors (hall think 4 fit, to make eleftion of the faid fixteen peers, and requiring the 4 lord clerk regifter, or two of the clerks of leflion, to attend all

'	‘fuch



ai£	Anno	quinto	Ann^b.	c,	8.	[1706.

4 fuch meetings, and to adwinifiej: the oaths that are or lhall be

4 by law required, and to afle the votes; and having made up 4 the lift in the prefence of the meeting, to return the names of 4 the fixteen peers chofen (certified under the fubfeription of 4 the faid lord clerk regifter, clerk or clerks of feflion attending)

4 to the clerk of the privy council of Scotland, and in like man-tCGeo.i.c.u.4 ner requiring and ordaining the fevtral freeholders in the re-4 fpeftive (hires and fteuartries, to meet and convene at the 4 head burghs of their feveral (hires and fteuartries, to eleft 4 their commiflioners, to conform to the order above fet down,

4 and ordaining the clerks of the faid meetings immediately af-4 ter the faid elections are over, refpeftively to return the names 4 of the perfons elefted to the clerks of the privy council: and 4 laftly, ordaining the city of Edinburgh to eieft their comjnif-4 fioner, and the other royal burrows to eieft: each of them a 4 commiflioner, as they have been in ufe to elect commiflioners 4 to the parliament, and to fend the faid refpeftive commiflion-4 ers at fuch times, to fuch burghs, within their refpeftive di-4 drifts, as her Majefty and fucceflors by fuch proclamation 4 (hall appoint; requiring and ordaining the common clerk of 4 the refpeftive burghs, where fuch eleftion (hall be appointed 4 to be made, to attend the faid meetings, and immediately af-4 ter the eleftion to return the name of the perfon fo elefted 4 (certified under his hand) to the clerk of privy council, to the 4 end that the names of the fixteen peers, thirty commiflioners 4 for (hires, and fifteen commiflioners for burghs, being fo re-4 turned to the privy council, may be returned to the court 4 from whence the writ did iflue under the great feal of the 4 united kingdom, conform to the {aid twenty fecond article:

4 and whereas by the faid twenty fecond article it is agreed. That 4 if her Majefty (hall on or before the firft day of May next de-4 dare, that it is expedient the lords and commons of the pre-4 fent parliament of England, (hould be the members of the re-4 fpeftive houfes of the firft parliament of Great Britain, for 4 and on the part of Englandy they (hall accordingly be the 4 members of the faid refpeftive houfes, for and on the part of 4 England; her Majefty, with advice and confent aforefaid, in 4 that cafe only, doth hereby flatute and ordain. That the fix-4 teen peers, and forty five commiflioners for (hires and burghs, 4 who (hall be chofen by the peers, barons, and burghs refpec-4 tively, in this prefent feflion of parliament, and out of the 4 members thereof, in the fame manner as committees of par-4 liament are ufually now chofen, (hall be the members of the 4 refpeftive houfes of the faid firft parliament of Great Britain, 4 for and on the part of Scotland.	Which nomination and

4 eleftion being certified by a writ under the lord clerk regifter* s 4 hand, the perfons fo nominated and elefted (hail have right 4 to fit and vote in the houfe of lords, and in the lioufe of com-4 mons, of the faid firft parliament of Great Britain

xm. At

Digitized by

Google

r*?e6.]	Anno	quiplo	Annje.	c#f.	*19

XIII.	A by the faid aft pajfed in Scotland, fettling the man-	aforefaid

0/ eliding the Jixteen peers,	/tfr/y five members,	/<? reprefettt declared valid,

Scotland in the parliament of Great Britain, may appear ; be it therefore further enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid 1 aft-mentioned act pafled in Scotland for fettling the manner of elefting the fixteen peers, and forty five members, to reprefent Scotland in the parliament of Great Britain, as aforefaid, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be as valid as if the fame had been part of, and engroffed in the faid articles of union ratified and approved by the faid aft of parliament of Scotland, and by this aft, as aforefaid.

CAP. IX.

An aH for rendring more effeftual an aft pajfed in the firjl year of her Majejlfs reign, intituled, An act for the better preventing efcapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prifons.

WHEREAS the inheritance and cujiody of feveralcounty gaols are in private perfons, by means whereof the good intent of a eertain aft made in the firjl year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled.

An act for the bdtter preventing efcapes out of the &ueen*s Bench 1 Ann*, flat.«. and Fleet Prifons, may he in fame counties defeated and eluded: to the c*6* end thercfore<that me faid aft may be rendred more eflfeftual ; be it ena&ed by the Queen's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcnabled, and by the authority of the farfie, That all and every perfon and perfons, who perfonf taken from and after the five and twentieth daiy of March, m the year by virtue of of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven, (hall be 1 Anna?, c. 6. feized or taken by virtue or authority of the faid aft, (hall in- to .^con?P|t* ftead of being committed to the common gaol of the county ^crc wherein fuch perfon or perfons (hall be taken, be conveyed and keeps prifon-comrhitted to the prifon or place where the fheriff of fuch coun- ers for debt, ty detains or keeps the debtors or prifoners for debt or damage,* *ncl.^ma,n m tnere to remain in the cuftody of the fheriff of fuch county,	***

(uhjeft to the fame rules and direftions, and under the fame re-* y# ftriftions, regulations, and penalties, and in fuch manner and form In all and every refpeft, as if the faid perfon or perfons had been committed to the common gaol of the county; and if any perfon or perfons (b taken and committed, as aforefaid, (hall at Sheriff an-* any time make any efcape out of the faid prifon or place to f"crab,c for which he, (he, or they be fo committed, as aforefaid, the (heriffctcapc" in whofe cuftody he, (he, or they was or were, (hall be aufwer-able for fuch efcape to the party grieved, in like manner as in the cafe of any other efcape.

11.	And to the intentthat the benefit of the faid former aft may Efcape war-the ‘more eafily be had, in cafe the perfon or perfons efcaping (hall rant may be be feen in places diftant from the city of London; be it further	UP°?

enafted. That it (hall and may be lawfiil to and for any one of i^eoountnr! the judges of the refpeftive courts in the faid former aft men-tioned, to grant like warrant and warrants, upon oath in writing

to

Digitized by

Google

220

and making his efcape, flieriff liable to pay, See.

Anno quintoAnnjb. c. 10.-13.	[1706.

to be inade before any perfon commiffioiuted under the Teal of the fame court to take affidavits m the country, (the fame oath being firft duly filed) as by the laid former alt he is impowered to do upon like oath made before himfdf.

Perfons may ; m. And be it declared and efta&ed, That it is and (hall be cd by warrant	to apprehend and take, upon the Lord’s day, aiw perfon

on a Sunday. 6r perfons by virtue of any warrant or warrants granted in pur-_	fuance	of	this or of the Cud former a£h

foerifF' IV. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefekf, on a decree, That if any perfon or perfons is, are or (hall be in cuftody of any flierifF or other officer, either by virtue of the laid ad, or of this prefent ad, or otherwife, for not performing any decree of the high court of Chancery, or court of Exchequer, whereby any fum or fums of money is ordered or decreed to be paid, and (nail afterwards make any efcape from the (aid (heriff or other officer, that then and in mch cafe the perfon and perfons, their executors or adminiftrators, to whom the money was to be paid by the faid decree, (hall have the fame remedy againft the faid (heriff, as if fuch perfon or perfons fo efcaping had been in cuftody upon an execution at law, and (hall ana may recover the feveral fum and fums of money decreed to be paid to him, her, or them in and by fuch decree, againft fuch (heriff or other officer, together with his, her, or their cofts of fuit, in any action or aAions of debt, or upon the cafe to be brought or commenced againft fuch (heriff or other officer in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjier, wherein no protedlion or wager of Jaw (hall be admitted, or any more than one imparlance; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

A& to be a V. And for the prevention of difputes touching this prefent general law. ; be it ena&ed by the authority arorefeid, That the feme and every claufe and thing therein contained, (hall be adjudged and taken to be a general law, and that it (hall not be needful to fet i *	forth	the feme in pleading, or any part thereof,

CAP. X.

An a& for repairing the highway between Hockliffo and Woborne in die county of Bedford.

CAP. XI.

An act for continuing the afts formerly made for repairing of the highway s in the county of Hertford.

For repair of the highways in the county of Hertford, Moiety of the toll taken at Wades Mill, continued for 15 years. If highways be before fufficiently repaired, toll to ceafe. Power of officers, «c. in the former afts continued. Repealed as to the county 0/Hertford, by 6 Geo. a. c. 14,

CAP. XII,

An for the enlarging the paflage leading to New Palace Yard through the Gatehoufe, Weftminlter. EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An ad for continuing the duties upon houfes to fecure a yearly fund for circulating Exchequer bills, whereby a fum not exceeding fifteen hundred thbuland pounds is intended to be raifed for carrying on the war and other hcrMajeity'p occafions.

Duties

EXP.

15 Car. t. c.t. *6 Sc 17 Car.*, c.io.

*ScsW.*M. fiGeo.i. c. io.

1 Ann. fiat. 1.

c.t3.

9 & 10 W. 3. c. 44.

Digitized by

Google

221

1706.] Anno quinto Annjb. c.	14.

Duties on houfes granted by 7 & 8 W. 3. c. 18. Ac. continued for ever.

Subject to redemption. Former powers revived. Farther provifions 1 Ann. ft at. I.

relating hereto, 7 Ann. c. 7. Duties after laft July, 1710. appropriated c**3*

for a yearly fund for circulating Exchequer bills. Exchequer bills to

be made forth for any fum nor exceeding 1500000I. Bills fo iflued to

be taken for taxes, Ac. Bank to have 4I. 10 s. per cent, for circulating

Exchequer bills, in proportion as the fame (hall be iflued, Ac. Lord

treafurer, Ac. on the four quarterly feaft ,days of the year, from the fir St . *'	'

illuing of the bills until Michaelmas, 1710. to compute the fum due to

bank on every fuch feaft day, Ac. and make out new bills, Ac. Officers,

Ac. to be appointed for managing and levying the duties. Account of monies to be kept in auditor's office. Allowance to be paid at the Exchequer weekly. Penalty on officer mifapplying monies, Ac. Surplus of duties. Ac. difpofable to publick ufe. Bank to exchange Exchequer bills for ready money, with intereit due, and remain a corporation until bills be cancell'd. Bank refuting to pay bill, perlon demanding may bring his action. No intereft to run after bill is paid into Exchequer, Ac.

Intereft bills paid to collector of taxes, See. to be fign'd, and day of the month wrote when paid, Ac. On one year's notice, and payment of the principal and intereft, bills to be cancell’d, and the fund to ceafe, Sec,

Forging or counterfeiting bill. Sec. felony. Bank to have one part of the checques of all fuch bills. Governor, Sec. may call in any fums ne-ceflary for circulating bills. Member neglecting to pay his fhare, dividend to be ftopt. Fund not liable to foreign attachment. Exempt from taxes, and to be deemed a perfonal eftate, and go to executors. Until bills be cancell’d no other Exchequer bills to be iflued. Not to hinder redemption of original fund of ioo,oool. per annum granted to bank.

Lottery tickets. Exchequer bills, Ac. burnt or loft before 6 February,

1706. Officers, Ac. on certificate and affidavit, Ac. to make forth new ones. Repealed, and other duties granted, by 20 Geo. 2. c. 3.

CAP. XIV.

An act for the better prefervation of the game.

WHEREAS feveral laws have been already enabled for the better prefervation of the game, and by experience been found not fuffeient to prevent deftroying the game, by reafon of the multitude of higlars and other chapmen, which give great encouragement to idle foofe perfons to neglett their lawful employments, to follow and yiejlroy	~

'the fame; for remedy whereof, and the more effectual preferva- aH laws for> tion of the game, be it enaCted by the Queen’s moft excellent prefervad<% majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri- of the game to tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aft ^^n^ecm fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every of the laws now in being for the better prefervation of the game,

(hall continue, remain, and be in the fame force, not hereby rer pealed or altered.	;

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* Thajfc . . if any higlar, chapman, carrier, inn-keeper, victualler, qr ale- ntr*6ccXot houfe-keeper, (hall from and after the firft day of May, one to have in his thoufand feven hundred and feven, have in his or their cuftody cuftody any or pofleflion any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor, heath-game, J?arc» Phea; or groufe, or (hall buy, fell, or offer to fell any hare, pheafant* partridge, moor, heath-game, or groufe, every fuch higlar, chap- fell hare, Ac. man, inn-keeper, victualler, alehoufe-keeper, or carrier (unlefs on.penalty of (uch game in the hands of fuch carrier be fent up by perfon of 5^ perfons qualified to kill the game) (hall upon every fuch offence be carried before fome juftice of the peace for the county, riding, • *

6	'	city,



«» be levied by

Encourage* M0t lade-

l^iaiof the g*m*,totmkt difeomkn.

Ferfbm not qualified to keep £rcy* houna»,&c.

ary, or umm cwprae, or Katies •k« Ac Wdbceis cxjwnsrted; ar> i :cn *~«rw, :r :rpcc ^aci cf cae or more

cntLbic witidh. 3^3 be coerced a tre xre, thill forfeit for every hare, -	porridge,	r.	:or.	xscrcac, or groufe,

the fen'of ism xrztsdi, cne r irf -o 'be ^ronrer. sad the other half to the pcc' of the psr-li where the crrr-ce w-l; committed; the fcu&e to be tvjed by cLire 'i and le or ie ereaders goods, by warrant un^rr the hand :ea- >: the j iffee tr fftxes of the oeate befor who® rodi offender cr ccreoieri ha . be con-vitfted, rendrmg the orerplas (if any be] the charge cf diftrain-ing being firft dediScdi and for want cf dAeu, the offender or offenders bt xcr mined to the boose of cccTccnori for the firft offence, for the fpace of three tnonths, without bail or main-prize, and for every fach other offence, for the /pace of four months provided, that fuch coovidbon be adt within three months after fu :h offence committed ; and that if any Certiorari (hail be aJlowe to remove any comnffion made, or other proceedings of or concerning any matter or thing in this act, into any of the courts at Ure,]~:njlrr, upon any pretence whatfoever, onkfs the oarty or parties, again:: whom fuch conviction (hall be made, (full, before the allowance of fuch Certimwri, become bound to the perfon or perfon 5 profecutirg the fame, in the fum of fifty pounds, with fuch fufficient fecurities as the jufboe or juftices of the peace, before whom fuch offender (hall be convicted, fhall think fit, with condition to pay unto the profecu-tors, within fourteen days after fuch conviction or Procedendo granted, their full cofts and charee>, to be afcertaincd upon their enths; and that in default thereof, it fhall be lawful for the faid juftice or juftic-s, or other*, to proceed for the due execution of fuch convi&ion, in fuch manner as if no fuch Certiorari had been awarded.

III. And for the better difeovery of fuch higlar, chapman, carrier, inn-keeper, alehoufe-keeper, and vkftualler, as (hall offer to buy or fell any hare, pheafant, patridge, moor, heath-game, or groufe*, be it further enadted by the authority atbrefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of May, any perfon that (hall deftroy, felt, or buy any bare, pheafant, moor, heath-game, or groufe, and (hall within three months make difeovery of any higlar, chapman, carrier, inn-keeper, alehoufe-keeper, or vi&ual-ler, that hath bought or fold, or offered to buy or fell, or had in their poffeffion any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor, heath-

£me, or groufe, fo as any one (hall be convidted of fuch of-ko, in manner as aforefaid, fuch difcoverer to be difchavged cf tho pains and penalties hereby ena&ed for killing or Selling fuch game, as afofefaid, (hall receive the fame benefit or ait-vantage as any other informer (hall be entitled to, by virtue of this ad, for foch difeovery and information.

IV.	And be it enalted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, not qualified by the laws of this realm fo to do, (hall keep or ufe any grey hounds, fetring dogs, hayes, lurchers, tunneils, or any other engines to kill and deftroy the

game.



ifo6.) Anflo quinto Ak«A a'14/	v	£23

game, and (hall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one or and deftroy two credible witneffes, by the juftice or juftices of the peace the game, to where fuch offence is committed, as aforefaid, the perfon or for^lC si-perforts fo convicted, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds; one t0 be]evied half to be paid to the informer, and the other half to the poor diftrefs and of the parifft where the fame was committed; the fame to be fale, See. levied by diftfefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or juftices, before whom fuch perfon or perfons fhaU be Convicted, as aforefaid ; and for want of fuch diftrefs, the offender or offenders fhaU be fent to the houfe of correction for the fpace of three months for the firft offence, and for every fuch other offence, four months; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for any of her Majefty’s Juftices of the peace, in their refpeCtive counties, ridings, cities, Juftices, or towns corporate, or liberty, and the lords and ladies of his, her, l°rtls °f ma~ their, or any of their refpeCtive manors, within the faid manors, to take away any fuch hare, pheafant, partridge, moor, heath- harc/&c.y ^ game, or groufe, or any other game, from any fuch higlar, from higlar, chapman, inn-keeper, victualler, or carrier, or any other perfon or perfon not or perfon9 not qualified to kill the fame, and fhall be found in <lualified: their cuftody or poflefiion; and likewife to take away fuch dogs, And ^ nets, or other engines, which fhall be in the power or cuftody dogs, nets, &c* of any perfon or perfons not qualified by the Jaws to keep the by j Geo/i. fame, to their own proper ufe, without being accountable to^.r. any perfon or perfons for the fame; and that it fhall and may	be

be lawful for any lord or lady of his or her refpeCtive Jordfhip or manor, by writing under his or her hand and feal, to im- pjfnu quali-power his or her game-keeper or game-keepers, upon his or heT>^^* the own Iordfhip or manor, as aforefaid, to kill hare, pheafant, par -lords fervants. tridge, or any other game whalfoever; but if the faid game-keeper fhall, under colour or pretence of the faid power and Pena]t on authority to kill or take the fame for the ufe of fuch lord or lady, game keeper, and afterwards fell and difpofe thereof to any perfon or perfons killing the whatfoever, without the confent or knowledge of the lord or ga,pe» aT‘d lady of fuch manor or manors that hath given fuch power or ^contend of authority, in manner as aforefaid, and (hall be thereof convicted ^r/ofma- ° upon the complaint of fuch lord or lady of any manor, and up- nor, &c. on the oath of one or more credible witnefies, before any one This a& or more of her Majefty’s juftices of the peace, as aforefaid, up- Perf*tU£d b on fuch conviction fuch game-keeper (hall be committed to the 9aJ ™uredb» houfe of correction for the fpace of three months, and there to that act. be kept to hard labour. And this aCt fhall remain and be in force for the fpace of three years, from the firft day of M<iy> one thoufand feven hundred and feven, and from thence to the end of the next feffions of parliament, and no longer.

V.	And whereas the burning of heathy ling and brakes or fern upon the forejl of Sherwood in the county of Nottingham, and in the parts thereunto adjacent, as it is frequently tifed by divers dijor-derly and dijfolute perfons, doth not only dejlroy the breed of game, but hath alfo very frequently been the occafion of burning, damagings and dejlroy mg y of great quantities of woody timber, and fences within the

Digitized by ^.ooQie

Anno qulnto Ann js. c. 15,r6.

[1706.

owner, on penalty.

None to buy fern alhes on penal ty.

/aid fore/l, and places thereunto adjacent,	the great damage and

No heath, prejudice of the owners thereof ; be it further enabled by the autho-1,nSlk*brakcs rity aforeiaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time foreft oTsher- a*tcr	day	°f	May> fet lire to any ling, heath, or

wood, without brakes growing upon any part of the faid foreft, or on any other licence of wafte, common, or land yvithin the faid county of Nottingham, or (hall cut any ling, heath, or brakes, in order to be burnt to allies upon the ground, or (hall burn the fame to a(hes upon the ground, in any part of the faid foreft, or in any wafte, common, or land, lying within the faid county, without licence from the owner of the foil where fuch offence (hall be committed, (hail forfeit to the owner of the foil where fuch offence (hall be committed, ten (hillings, and all the allies which (hall be fo burnt; and every perfon and perfons who (hall buy fern alhes of any fuch unlicenfed perfon or perfons within the faid county, (hall forfeit for every peck of fuch alhes, which (hall be fo bought, the fum of ten jmillings; one moiety thereof to the poor of the parifti where fuch offence (hall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall give information of the faid offence; and it (hall be lawful for the keepers and officers of fuch parts of the faid foreft, and for the owners of the land or foil where any the faid offences (hall be committed, their fervants and agents, to take away, for his and their own ufe, the feithes, rakes, and other inftruments to be ufed for any the purpofes aforefaid, of every perfon and perfons whom they (hall find fo offending; and it (hall be lawful for any — one or more of her Majefty’s juftices of the peace, upon complaint made to him or them againft any perfon or perfons for any the faid offences, to fend forth his or their warrant or warrants to bring the perfon or perfons fo complained of before him or them ; and if the perfon or perfons fo complained of, (hall be convict of any of the faid offences before fuch juftice or juftices, by the oath or oaths of one or more witnefs or witneffes, then and in fuch cafe the party fo convidt, lhall immediately after fuch convidlion, pay fuch penalties and forfeitures as are hereby before impofed for the faid offences refpedtively, to fuch perfon and perfons as the fame penalties and forfeitures are hereby appointed to be paid ; and in default thereof (hall be committed by fuch juftice or juftices to the houfe of corredlion, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of one month, uniefs the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be in the mean time paid.

CAP. XV.

EXP.	An	aft for the better recruiting of her Majefty’s land forces and the ma-

rines, for the year one thonfand (even hundred and (even.

CAP. XVI.

EXP.	An	aft for continuing an aft made in the third and fourth years of her

Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aS for fam/bing mutiny and defertitn, and falje tmfitriy and for the belter payment of the army and quarters*

jllue their warrants fenders.

Di

ized by

Google

CAP,

I706.J Anno quiato ANNiB; c. tfs 18.	225

- *

CAP. XVII.	~

An aft to repeal all the laws prohibiting the importation of foreign lace made of thread.

WHE&EAS it is by experience found, That an aft pqjpd in

the parliament holaen at Weft minder, in the thirteenth and *4 Ca*‘ fourteenth years of the reign of his late majejly King Charles *7;* *

Second, intituled, An a<51 prohibiting the importation of foreign bone lace, cut work, embroidery, fringe, band ftrings, buttons, and needle work, as alfo divers other afts heretofore made, prohibiting or retraining the importation of foreign lace, or for rendring the laws more effectual for preventing the importation of foreigri lace, have objlrufted the exportation and vending or felling of the ;A . • c woollen manufactures of England in the Spaniln Low Countries*	..	,

emd other places abroad: now for the remedy thereof, be it enacted* and It is hereby enadted by the Queen’s moft excellent miiefty* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame* That the aforefaid adt of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the All adh *hich ' Second, and alfo all and every other adt and adts of parliament prohibit the whatfoever which prohibit or reftrain the importatiori, vending, for^fuee, or felling of foreign lace, be henceforth repealed fo far forth as repeal'd. * the faid adts relate to foreign lace made of thread irt the faid Spani/b Low Countries, or in any other place not within the dominions ofahe French King; and that the afore-mentioned adt's, and every claufe, matter, and thing in them contained, fo far as they relate to fuch foreign lacc made of thread (except as is before excepted) be and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. Provided neverthelefs. That nothing,in this adt contained Not to extend (hall any ways extend, or be conftrucd to extepd to permit or to lace made allow of the importation of lace made in any the dominions ofb\Fl’fnch the French King, or in any of the lands,'towns, or countries in^J^of An* the pofleflion of the duke of Anjou, fo long as the^ (lull remain j6U’3 domi-or continue in the pofleflion of the faid French King or dukcnions. J refpcdtively.

CAP. XVIII. *

An aCl for inrollments of bargains and faks within the Weft Riding of the county of York, in the regifter office there lately provided, and for making the faid regifter more effectual.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made inthetwenty fe-t t, .

venth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, ^$0*7Klftmg For inrollments of bargains and Tales, it isjnafted, That no ma- hereto, non, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments fljall pafs,. alter, or& Ann*, c. 35. change from one to another, whereby any eflatt of inheritance or four r* bold Jball be made, or take effeft in any perfon or perfons, or any ufe 17 ‘ c*1 thereof to be made, by reafon only of any bargain and falc thereof \ except the faid bargain atid fale be made by writing indented, fealed,

Vol. XI.	and

2l6

Anno qmnto Ahhje. c. 18.

I1706.

and inroiled in one of the King’s courts of record at Weftminfter, or elfe within the fame county or counties where the fame manors, lands, or tenements Jo bargained and fold lie or be, before the Cuftps Rotulorum, and two juftices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the fame county or counties, or two of them at the leaf}, whereof the clerk of the peace to be one; which aft bath been foptd by experience to be of little or no ufe within the Well riding of the county tf/'York, as to the inrollments of bargains and fales within the faid Weft riding, for that the clerk of the peace thereof for the time bfing, who hath the keeping of the faid inrollments within the faid not by the faid aft enjoined to give any fecurity Jor the nor under any penalty for the negligent keeping of the nts, nor is there by the Jaid aft any certain place appointed %k I Ann*, ~fQr keeping thereof: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the c,4~	fecond year of her prefent Maiejly's reign, intituled. An ad for the

publick regiftring of all deeds, conveyances, and wills, that (hall be made of any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or heredita-ments within the Weft riding of the county of York, after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fever* hun-Register office dred and four j a publick office hath been erefted and eftablijbed at at Wakefield. Wakefield within the faid Wejl riding, at the publick charge thereof, for regijlnng and fafe keeping of memorials of all deeds, conveyances, and wills within the faid riding, and a publick regifter hath been chofen, who hath, according to the direftion of the fame aft, given fufficient fecurity for the due execution of the faid office: for the ren-dring therefore the aforefaid ad, made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, more effcdual and beneficial to the inhabitants of the faid Weft riding, as to all inrollments of bargains and Tales within the faid Weft riding; may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty that it may be enad-From 24. Tune, ed, and be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by 1707, all bar- and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-ofUnds^&cC* P°ra^ anc* commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and in Weft Ri- * by ^lc authority of the fame. That from and after the four and ding of York- twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand (hire, inroll'd feven hundred ana feven, all bargains and Tales of any manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fituate, lying, and being within the faid Weft riding, which fhall be inroiled before the &id regifter, or his deputy for the time being, in the (aid publick office at Wakefield, (hall be as good, effectual, and available, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, as if the fame had been inroiled in one of the Queen’s courts of record at Weftminfter, or before the Cuftos Rotulorum, and two juftices of the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the faid Weft riding, or two of them, according to the aforefaid ad made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth \ and the faid regifter; or his deputy, for the time being (together with one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the faid riding) (hall have power to take and enter the acknowledgement of the bargainer, if but one, or of one of the bargainers, if more, in fuch bargains and Tales; and (hall well and. fufficiently inroll, by in-

grofling

in regiftef’s office at Wakefield, to be good in law, as if inroll'd at Weftminfter.



1706.]	Anno	quinto	Anna.	C.	18.	227

grafting in parchment roils or parchment books, all filch bar- inroUments to gams and (ales as (hall for that purpofe be acknowledged before be in parch-him, as aforefaid ; and fhall endorfe a certificate on fuch bar- mcat»

funs and Tales, of the times of inrolling thereof, and fign the me; and the rolls or books thereof (hall fafely keep in the faid publick office, there to remain upon record amongft the memorials of deeds there regiftred.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That all deeds of bargain and and allowed in fide fb inrolled in the faid publick or regifter office, as aforefaid, ail courts, which (hall appear to be (o inrolled by an indorfement or certificate* on the faid deeds ofbargain and fale figned by the faid regifter, or his deputy, and that all copies bf the inroUments thereof remaining on record in the faid regifter office, (hall be allowed in all courts where fuch bargains and Tales, or copies (hall be produced* to be as good and fufficient evidence as any bargains and Tales. inrolled in any of the courts at fVeJlminfler9 and the copies of the inrollihents thereof.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every fuch inrolhnent gUch inrolf-of every fuch deed in the faid regifter office, as aforefaid, (hall ment deemed be deemed and adjudged to be the entring of a memorial there- string a me. of, purfuamt to the faid ad made in the (econd year of her pre- £j-onal thcr<* fentMagcfty,9 reign, and (hall have the fame force and cfFeA up^o the eftate therein mentioned, in relation to all fubfequent deeds, conveyances, and wills, and to all other intents arid pur-pofes, as if a memorial of fuch inrolled deed had been entred in the (aid regifter office, purfuant to the faid ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, No judg-That no judgment, ftatute, or recognizance {other than fuch as ment, &c. to flfaH be entred into in the name, and upon the proper account of ***** “X her Majefty, her heirs, and fucceffors) which mall be obtained, ^wcft riding, or entred into, after the faid four and twentieth day of June, in but from time the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fe- that a memo-wen, (hall affed or bind any manors, lands, tenements, or here- rial thereof be ditaments, fituate, lying, and being in the faid weft riding, but only from the time that a memorial of fuch judgment, ftatute, or recognizance (hall be entred at the faid regifter office, exprefs-ing and containing, in cafe of fuch judgment, the names of the plaintiffs, and the names and additions therein of the defendants, the fums thereby recovered, and the time of the figning thereof; and in cafe of ftatutes and recognizances, expreffing and containing the date of fuch ftatute or recognizance, the names and additions of the cognizors, and cognizees therein, and for what Turns, and before whom the fame were acknowledged ; and that in order to the making an entry of fuch me- Manner 0f mortals of judgments, ftatutes, and recognizances, as aforefaid, making entry, the party and parties defiring the fame, (hall produce to, and leave with the faid regifter, or his deputy, to be filed in the faid publick or regifter office, a memorial of fuch judgment, ftatute, or recognizance, figned by the proper officer, who (hall fign fuch judgment, or*hi* fuccpfibr in the fame office, or by the proper officer in Whofe office fbch ftatute or recognizance (hall be inroll*

Q. 2	ed.



Kegifter to enter fuch mo morials.

Condition of rtgifter's recognizance.

The fame fees as by % Anns, c. 4.

Penalty on forging or counterfeiting entry.

5 Eliz. c. 14.

Anno quinto Ann.®. cJi8. [1706.

ed, together with an affidavit fwom before one of the judges at tVe/lminfter, or a matter in chancery, that fuch memorial was duly figned by the officer whofe name (hall appear to be thereunto fet; which memorial fuch refpeltive officer is hereby required to give fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, cognizee or cognizees, or his, her, or their .executors or adminittrators, or attorney, or any of them, he, (he, or they paying for the lame the fum of one (hilling, arid no more.

V.	And be it further enalled, That the faid regifter, or his deputy, (hall make an entry, and likewife, if required, (hall give a certificate in writing under his hand, teftified by two credible witnefles, of every fuch memorial of any judgment, ttatute, or recognizance brought to him to be fo regiftred, as aforefaid, and therein mention the certain day on which fuch memorial is fo regiftred or entred, exprefiing alfo in what book, page, and number the lame is entred.

VI.	And be it further enalled by the authority aforefaid. That the recognizance entred into by the prefent regifter, and hereafter to be entred into by the regifter for the time being, at the time of his being fwom into the faid office of regifter, conditioned for the true and faithful performance of his duty in the execution of his faid office, (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to (land and be to all intents and purpofes a fecurity, as woU for the due inrollment,' and fafe keeping when inrolled, of thFfkid inrollmcnts of all bargains and Tales that (hall be inroJJed,before the faid regifter, or his deputy, for the time being, by virtue of this prefent alt, and for all other duties appointed by him to be done by this act, as for the true and faithful performance of his duty in the execution of his faid office of regifter; and that the faid regifter and his deputy for the time being, (hall be liable to the like breaches and forfeitures of the faid recognizance, for and in relpelt of any negletft or breach of his duty required of him by this prefent all, as for any neglelt or breach of his duty in the execution of his faid office of regifter.

VII.	And be it further enalled, That the faid regifter fqr the time being, (hail be allowed for inrolling every fuch bargain and fale, and memorial, as aforefaid, and for certificates, copies and fearches refpeltively, the like refpeltive fees that are, by the a-forefaid alt made in the fecond year of her prefent Majefty’s reign, appointed for the entring memorials of deeds, conveyances, and wills, and for certificates* copies, and fearches refpelfc-ively, and no more.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any perfon or per-(bns (hall at any time forge or counterfeit any entry of the acknowledgement of any bargainer in any fuch bargain and fale, as aforefaid, or any fuch memorial, certificate, or indorsement as are herein mentioned or direlted, and be thereof lawfully convilted, fuch perfon or perfons (hail incur, and be liahle to fuch pains and penalties as in and by an all of parliament made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft againft forgers of falfe deeds and writings, are impofed upon perfons for

forging

*

Digitized by

Google

1706.]	Anno	quinto Asnjs. c. 18.	229

forging or pttbli(hing of falfe deeds, charters, or writings feal-cd, court rolls or wills, whereby the freehold or inheritance of any perfon or oerfons of, in of to any lands^ tenements, or hereditaments, (nail or may be molefted, troubled, or charged:	.

and that if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forfwear him- forfwearine011 tdU before the laid regiftcr, or his deputy, or before any judge himfelf. S or matter in chancery, in any of the cafes herein mentioned, and be thereof lawfully convifted, fuch perfon or perfons (hall incur, and be liable to the fame penalties, as if the fame oath had been made in any of the courts of record at Wejlmihfier.

* IX. And be it further enacted, That all certificates required Certificate* to by this aft, or by the (aid aft made in the fecond year of her be finned by prefent Majefty's reign to be given by the faid regifter, or his deputy, in cafe of fearches in the (aid public k or regifter office,

(hall be figned by the faid regifter, or his deputy, in the prefence of two credible perfons, who (hall fet their names thereto as ivitnefles to the figning thereof.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, On certificate That in cafe of mortgages that (hall be inrolled in the faid re- that money gifter office, purfuant to this aft; or whereof memorials have due °Vnort^ been, or (hall be entred, purfuant to the faid aft made in the fe- regifter cond year of her prefent Majefty’s reign; and alfo in cafe of to make an judgments, ftatutes, and recognizances, whereof memorials entry thereof, fliall be entred in'the faid regifter office, purfuant to this ac5t5

if at any time afterwards, a certificate (hall be brought to the *	3 Ann??,

. (aid regifter, or his deputy, figned by the refpeftive mortgagors and mortgagees in fuch mortgage, plaintiffs, and defendants in fuch judgment, cognizor, and cognizees in fuch ftatutc or recognizance refpeftively, their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, or alliens, and attefted by two witnefles, whereby it (hall appear, that all monies due upon fuch mortgage, judgment, ftatute, or recognizance refpeftively, have been paid or fatisfied in difeharge thereof; which witnefles (hall upon their oath before the faid regifter, or his deputy, (who are hereby refpeftively impowered to adminifter fuch oath) prove fuch monies to be fatisfied or paid accordingly, and that they faw fuch certificate figned by the (aid mortgagors and mortgagees, plaintiffs, and defendants, cogniz-ors, and cognizees refpeftively, their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, that then, and in every fuch cafe the (aid regifter, or his deputy, (hall make an entry in.the margents of the faid regifter books, againft the inrollment of fuch mortgage or regiftry of the memorial thereof, and againft the regiftry of fuch,judgment, ftatute, or recognizance refpeftively, That fach mortgage, judgment, ftatute, or recognizance refpeftively, was fatisfied and difeharged, according to fuch certificate, to which the fame entry (hall refer; and (hall after file fuch certify cate, to remain upon record in the faid regifter office.

XI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enafted, That if any Pr5v.ro in cire judgment, ftatute, or recognizance, be regiftred in the faid regi- 0f judgment fter office, within thirty days after the acknowledgement or entred m jq figning thereof, all the lands that the defendant or cognizor had £ay# a*tcr

(^3	jUfi8ned-

3j<*	Anno	quinto Ann.*, c. 191	[1706.

at the time of fitch acknowledgment or figning, Anil be bound thereby.

Aft to be a Xll. And be it further enaded, That this ad (hall be taken publick aft. and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick ad, and ill judges, juftices, and other perfons therein concerned* are hereby required, as fuch, to take notice thereof, without (pedal pleading the lame.

CAP. XIX.

An 68 for continuing the duties on low toines and of the firft extraction, and the duties payable by

pedlars, and petty chapmen, and part of the duties on jiampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and the late duties on fweets, and the one third fnbfidy ef tonnage and poundage, and for fettling and efiablifldng a fund thereby, and by the application of certain overplus	and	otbermife,

for payment of annuities to be fold for raijing a further fupply to her Majefty,for the fervice of the year one thoufand /even hundred and feven, and other ufes therein

exprefed.

*

Moft gracious Sovereign,

For the	affti-\Kf £ your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the com*

canon of	V V mons of England in parliament aflembled, confideraDg the

f1*511 c^)arKcs neceflary for carrying on the war, and how far your “ht furpluj a- Majefty’s fubjeds are at prelent burthened with taxes already nfing	from laid	for that purpofe; and being therefore willing, by fuch eafyt

ibis a3, fee 6 and effedual ways and means as in this ad are expreffcd and Anne, c. 5. intended, to raife a fum of money not exceeding one million s ixooool. and an^ one hundred and twehty thoufand pounds, part of the mo-35 cool. to be ncy neceflary to be provided in this feffion of parliament for your raifed. Majefty’s fupply, and a further fum not exceeding thirty five thoufand pounas, to be applied in fuch manner as is heron after mentioned, towards making good the payment of the annuU ties to be purchafed upon this ad, have for that end and.purpofe cheerfully and unanimoufty given and granted, and do by this Duties on low g>ve and grant unto your Majefty the rates and duties-upon wines, hawk- low wines, and fpirits of the'fb’ft extradion, and the duties to ers, vellum, be paid by hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and. the rates ice. granted. >tu$ duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, and the duties upon fweets, and the additional fubfidies or tonnan and’pounds Age, and other duties hereafter in this ad exprened or referred 1	unto, for and during fuch term and terms of yean rdpedively

as are in this ad mentioned in that behalf; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty to accept thereof, and that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prcfent parliament afiem-Ltfw wines, bled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every fuch j & 4 Anne, or the like duties for and upon all low wines, or fpirits of the c+-	r	r firft

Digitized by LiOOQl -

231

17064]	Anno	quinto	ANN&t	c. 19.

firft extraftion, as by the aft of parliament made and pitied in maJg pt the third year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled, An act for con- tuai fyiGco. turning duties upon low wines, and upm coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices, i.ftat.s.c. is.

piastres,	hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, <7/k/ upm f* *•

mujkns, and for granting new duties upon feveral of the faid com -lGto‘%'c‘1*' nudities, and alfo upon callicoes, China w<?r;j and drugs, were continued or granted until the four and twentieth day of one thoufand (even hundred and ten, (hall, by virtue of this ad, be further continued and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, for and upon all low wines, and fpirits of the firft extraction, to be made or drawn by any diftiller, or o-ther perfons making or drawing fpirits or itrong^waters for fale or exportation, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, from the three and twentieth day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ten, for the term of ninety fix years, from thence next and immediately enfuing, for the ufes and purpofes in this ad exprefled: and that all and every fuch further conti-tnd the like feveral duties, impofitions, and fums of money* to nued for 96 be paid by every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, and fuch other years; perfons as are deferibed in one ad of the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King Wiliam the Third, of glorious memo- ,“fat!!s.c. is. fy, for licenfing hawkers and pedlars, and all the powers for f. s. granting licences, and other powers, and all claufes, diredions. Hawkers and allowances, penalties, forfeitures, articles, matters, and things therein contained, relating to the faid duties payable by hawk- * %7\°	*	3*

era, pedlars, petty chapmen, and other perfons deferibed in the fiud ad, which by the faid ad of the third year of her Majefty’s 3 & 4 Ann*, reign hath continuance until the faid four and twentieth day of c. 4-June, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, (hall be further con-	conU*

tinued, and be paid and payable, and be pradifed, obferved, and ^tiperpe-put in execution, by virtue of this ad, from the three and twen- tuai by 1 Geo. twieth day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord *• ftat. z. c. ' one thoufond feven hundred and ten, for the like term of nine- 8* ty fix years from thence next and immediately enfuing: the faid In what man-feveral duties, impofitions, and foms of money, for and upon ner duties all low wines, fpirits of the firft extraction, and upon all hawk- (hall be levied, ers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and all other perfons deferibed as aforefiud, to be paid during the faid refpedive terms of ninety fix years, and to be afccrtained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid, and accounted for, to the ufes and purpofes in this aft exprefled, by foch rules, ways, means, and methods* and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch diftribu-tk>n of the (aid penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch power of mitigation, and fubjeft to fuch drawbacks, allowances, and repayments, and in fuch manner and form in all refpefts, as the Uke duties,impofitions, and fums of money refpeftively granted or continued by the faid aft of the third year of her Majefty’s 3*4 Ann. reign are thereby* or by any other aft of parliament whereunto c. 4. the (aid aft hath reference, or by any other law now in force, prdcribed, enafted, or appointed to be afeertained, fecured,

railed,

Digitized by

Google

• ***

Former power* revive^.

ti!

6 VV. Sc

c. 21.

$ k 9 W. 3. £. 20.

I Anr). ft*t. ^.c. 13.

Fate* on vel-

Jum, &c. for ?6yei» r*j

made perpetual b 1 Ceo. 1. ftat. i.c.12.

f- *:

♦AnriA q&irtto	C.	19.	£ 1	)ro6»

rabid, levied; recovered, anftvereid, paid, and accotvttsft for-dvr* ing the continuance thereof rtfpedively.	j	t

II.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aferdod, That all foch of the powers, diredion*, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things provided* fettled, or eftabKfiied by the foid ads, or any of them, or by any other ad now in force, whereunto the fame, or any of them have or hath relation, for the better raifing, levying, recovering, anfwering, or paying /the faid refpedive duties upon low wines and fpirits of the firft ex* tradion, and upon hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and other perfons, deferibed as aforefaid, thereby granted, or for making £ny drawbacks, repayments or allowances out of any of the fetid feveral and refpedive duties upon exportations, (hall be revived, and be continued, and be in force and virtue, during the continuance of this ad, and further, for the recovery of all the arrearages and Aims of money, which (hall become due or paya* ble to her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, upon this ad, in as full and ample mariner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fetid powers, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, and every of them, were again repeated and re-ena&ed in the body of tnk*prefent ad.

III.	And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fuch of the rates and duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, as were granted to their faid late majefties King William and Queen Mary, by an ad made in the parliament holden at Weftminfter, in the fifth and ftxth years of their reigns, intituled, An act for granting to their Majefties, feveral duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper for four years > towards tarrying oh the war againft France, and which bv an ad of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King William, were continued until the firft day of Auguft, one thousand feven hundred and fix, and which by an ad of the firft year of her now Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for Mating good deficiencies, and preferring the publitk credit, were continued from the laft day of Julyy one thoufand feven hundred and fix, to the firft day of Auguft, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ten, (hall by virtue of this ad be further continued, and be due and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, from the laft day of July, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred, and ten, for the term of ninety fix years from thence next and immediately enfuing, for the ufes and purpofes m this ad expreifed: and that the faid ad for granting the faid duties upon vellum^ parchment, and paper, and all powers, provifiops, penalties, and forfeitures, articles, and claufes therein, or in any other ad or ads of parliament now in force, concerning the faid duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, (halt continue and be in foil force and effed, and (hall be applied, pradifed, and put in exe* cution, for the raifing, levying, collecting, anfwering, and pay^ ing, the faid duties upon vellum, parchment; and paper, hereby

Digitized by L.ooQle

1706.] Anno q»ioto AMNJK> 19.	233

continued,^during the faid Jermofnincty fix years, and’alf arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this aft.

IV.	,Ptovided always* and it is hereby further enaded, That Alteration! to in alivcafes where any farther or other provifio# or alteration is be obforved. made tby any other a& or ads of parliament now in being* in

relation ;ta the, faid duties upon low wines and (pints of the firfc extraction,'pod the (aid duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others, and the laid duties upon velluen, parchment, and paper, or any of them, fuch other provifions, or al-temidns fhall be obferved and complied with, during the continuance of the refpedive terms hereby granted in the fame duties refpedively; any thing herein contained to the contrary ~notwithftanding.

V.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That there Sweets to pay (hall be raHed, levied, colleded,2nd paid to her Majefty, her 36»-P*r bar-heirs and fucceffors, (for the purpofes in this ad exprefied) for rc1, *or 99 every barrel of fweets made, which (hall be for fale, from and ycar**

after the four and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven Made perpetual* hundred and fix, within or during the (pace of ninety nine years, h * Geo. 1. from thence next and immediately enfuing, the fum of thirty and jp*** *• c*,2# fix (hillings, the fame duty to be paid by the maker and makers Educed to of the faid fweets, and fo in proportion for any greater or leffer ns. ^10 Geo. quantity.	a.c. 17.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every, the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which in and by an ad of parliament made in the twelfth year

of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled. An 11 & *3 Gir. aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in %% c* capite, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to the duties of excife upon beer, ale and other liquors; and which in and by another a<5t made in the tenth , year of thereign of his late majefty. King William the third (of 10 & 11 W. 5. glorious memory) intituled. An act for laying further duties upon c-2X* fweets, and for lefening the duties as well upon vinegar as upon certain low wines and whale-fins, and the duties upon brandy imported, and for the more eafy raifing the duties upon leather, and for charging cyn -dersy and forpermitting the importation of pearl afhes, andfor preventing abufesin brewing beer and alef and frauds in the importation of tobaccoi or by any other law then in force relating to the duties on fweets, granted by the laft-mentioned ad, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, lor . raifing, levying, collecting, recovering. Former pow-adjudging, or afcertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of coii^n^du-tbem, (hall be exercifed, pradifed, applied,ufed, levied, recover- ti^onfwectsl ed, and put in execution, for the raifing, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying the duties on fweets hereby granted, during the continuance of the fame, as fully and eSedually to all intents and purpofes,*as if all and every the faid powers, autho-ffties, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes,

matr



Awo quit*? A»Nj*. C. 19. '	[1706,

matflers; and things* were .particularly repeated, aiidlgain ensured in the body of this prdent ad.

VII.	And for the better, end more fure. payment of all the annuities to be purchafed on this qtft, be it further onaded by the authority aforetad, That all the monies arifiog, froth time to time, by or for the tad-duties upon low wines, and fpirit* of the firft extraction, and by or for the faid duties payable by-hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others, as aforefaid, and-by or for the tad feveral rates and duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, and by and for the faid dudes upon fweets refpedivcly, by this ad granted and continued, and every of them, (the neceflary charges of managing, railing, lcvying,col-leding, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the Dud feveral rates, and other duties only fcxoepted) (hall, from time to time, from and after the refpedive commencements thereof, for and' during the tad feveral terms of years therein granted, or intended to .be granted by this ad, be brought and paid by the rdpec-**** rece*ver* general, or fuch petfous as for the time being (hall the monm have the receipt thereof, as the Dune (hall be railed (who are into the Ex- hereby required and enjoined to bring and pay the fame accords chequer. ingly) into the receipt of Exchequer, for the purpofes in this ad expreded, diftindly and feparately frora all other monies what-foever that are or (hall be payable by them into the faid. receipt s and that from and immediately after the time that all the principal and intereft monies, which by the tad ad of the firft year 1 Ana. flat. 1. of her Majefty’s reign, are charged upon the aforetad rates and c. ij.	duties	upon vellum, parchment, and paper thereby granted*

(hall be tatisfied and paid off, or that money (hall be referred in the Exchequer fufficient for that purpofc, then the aforefaid du« ties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, to arife by the tad ad of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, for the remainder of the term thereby granted, and therein then to come and unexpired, (except the neceftary charges of railing, colleding, levy-, mg, and accounting for the fame) (hall in like manner from time to time be brought and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purpofes in this ad exprefled, diftindly and apart, as aforetad: and the refpedive commiflioners and receivers general of the faid feveral rates and duties hereby required to be paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, as aforetad, (hall make or caufe to be made payments thereof into the faid receipt of the Weekly. Exchequer, according to the true meaning of this ad, weekly, to wit, on fVeitufday in every week, if it be not an holy-day j and if it be, then on the next day after that is not an holy-* day.

Additional VIII- And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fubfidies,	the additional fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and other du*

tonnage,	ties, which in and by the ad of the fourth year of her Majefty’s

intituled. An act for continuing an additional fubfidy of ton* *	*	mgtand poundage, and certain duties upon cooky culm, and cynders*

and'additional duties of excifey and for fettling and ejlabli/bing a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities to be

fold



*35

1706.]	Anno	quinto	Annje.	c. 19^

fold for rfdjmg a further fuppty to her.Mayefty, for the fervkt of the year one thoufand /even hundred and fix, and other ujes therein mentioned, were granted and continued to be paid for and upon all wines, which from and after die eighth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, during the term of ninety eight years front thence next enfuirtg, (hpuld be imported or brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and for and upon all manner of goods and merchandizes, which from and after the laid eighth day of t March, one thousand feven hundred and fix. during the faid term of ninety eight years, fhould be imported or brought into this realm, or ?ny of her Majefty’s dominions to the fame be- Further conti-longing, by way of merchandize (except as therein is excepted) nued. fhafi, by virtue of this ad, be further continued, and be due and payable to her Majcfty, her heirs and fuccefiors, from the expiration of the faid feveral terms of ninety eight years, for the term of one whole year, from thence next and immediately enfuing, for the ufes and purpofes in this ad exprefledj which additional fubfidies and duties fo continued for one year, and all arrears thereof, (hall be railed, levied, and paid by the lame rules, and with fuch drawbacks and allowances, ana fubjed to fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as by the faid ad of the.fourth year of her faid Majcfty’s reign, are preferibed and enaded in relation to the like fubfidies or duties thereby granted.

. IX. And whereas the faid additional fubfidy of tonnage and Out of the poundage, (which is comtnonly called the one third fubfidy) and other overplus mo-dseties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes, granted by the faid aft ney ar,r,nS of the fourth year of her Majefty's reign, for the term of ,ninety 4- lul*c*6* eight years, as af or efirid, and the duties upon coals, culm, and cynders, by the fame aft granted or continued from the fourteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eight, until the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and the particular rates and duties of exeife by the fame aft granted for the term of ninety five years, from the feventeenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and thirteen, and all the monies to arife by virtue of an aft of the fifth year of their find late Makefiles reign, of or for the 4 * 5 w* duties of excjfe thereby granted, after paying off, or referving fivffi-aent to pay. off the lottery annuities therein mentioned, together with other monies mentioned in the faid aft of the fourth year of her Majefiy's reign, are thereby made liable to the payment of certatn 4 Ann. c. 6. annuities pur chafed thereupon, not exceeding one hundred eighty four thossfimi two hundred forty two pounds and fourteen findings per annum, at the receipt of the Exchequer, which fubfidies, rates, duties, and caber funds or provifions charged by toe faid aft with the	,

annuities lafi-mentiened, will by eflimation produce annually a cohfider-able fitm more than will be fufficient to difcharge all the fame annul-ties, and the meejjSsry charges of paying and accounting for the fame, and the overplus monies thereby arifing do belong to her Mafifiy, for the publick ufe and fervke\ be it further enaded by the authority jrfprefaid, That the lord hightreafurer of England, or any three Lordtreafurer

or to make good



*36	/	Anno quinto Ann.®. c.ig.	[i706.

the quarterly or more *°f commiffioners of the treatury for the time being, payments, &c. ihall, from time to time, during the continuance of the faid fub-fidies, rates, duties, and other fundfc fettled by the faM aftof the fourth year of her Majefty’s reign, as aforefeid, and evenr or ahy of them, caufe all the faid overplus monies of the fame ibbfidies, rates, duties, and olher funds contained in the arft iaft-mentioned, to be jufttjr and duly computed, at thefeaft of the annunciation of the blefTed virgin Mary, in every year, or within fix days after, the firft computation thereof to be made at the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled virgin Mary, one thou-find feven hundred and eight, or within fix da^s after, and after paying, or referving fufficient to pay fo much as (hall be incurred or grown due upon the faid annuities, by virtue of the faid aft of the fourth year of her Majefty's reien, at or before Ana c 6	*ve,7	fc*ft	of the arinunciation of the blefled virgin Mary

*	' refpeftively, the fame overplus monies (except the necfcflary

charges of paying and accounting for the faid annuities, purchafed on tne faid aft of the fourth year of her Majefty’s reign) or fo much of the overplus laft-mentioned, as (hall be fufficient for this purpofe, (hall be applied for and towards the making good* paying and fatisfying the quarterly payments of all and every, or any the annuities to be purchafed by virtue of this aft, during the whole term of ninety nine years by this aft intended to be granted of and in* fuch annuities tefpeftivdy.

35000I. re- X. And for the better fccuring the quarterly payments which ferved for (hall grow due bn or before MichaelmaSi one thbufand feven quarterly nay- hundred and ten, upon the annuities to be purchafed in purfuance Michaelmas ^is a<^» ^ ft enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the 1710.	*	faid fum not exceeding thirty five thoufand pounds, part of the

contribution monies to be raifed by fale of annuities upon this aft, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient in this behalf, (hall and may be referved and applied for and towards the difcharg-ing the quarterly payments laft-mentioned.

Sundry an- -XI. And whereas by and in purfuance of feveral former efts of chafed and" Parliaments fundry other annuities payable at the receipt of Exchequer charged,n&;c.	been purchafed, and are charged upon the feveral other branches of

the publiek revenues or funds herein after particularly exprejfed, which revenues or funds do alfo annually produce more than fufficient to dif-charge the faid annuities charged thereupon refpeftively y and the tee-ceffifry charges of paying and accounting for the fame, and the over-9verP,us plus monies thereby arifing do belong to her Majefty for the publiek arifing^to dc nfi firvtce9 that is to fay9 The Yates and duties of ixcife which computed,&c. were\granted to their late majeJHes King William Queen Mary, 4 & 5 W. & M. by an aft' cf the fourth year of their reign, for the Urm of ninety £• 3*	nine	years	therein	mentioned, and are liable to the payment of feveral

annuities, with benefit of furvivorJhip9 and other annuities; the overplus of which rates and duties hath been9 and is to be computed on the four and twentieth day of June, yearly: the rates and duties of extife which were granted to their faid late Majeflils, their heirs Jand Jut-cejfors for ever, by an aft of the fifth year of their MafejHes reign; the overplus whereof hath pern and is to be computed at- fcuoweth, that

js

237

iyo6.]	.	Anno quinto Ann,®, c.19.

is U fief i 'As'iffiui fiverrtb parts thereof (being appropriated to make good the fund of the governor and company of the bank of England) the fame have been and are to be computed on the firjl day of June yearly; and as to the other two fiventb parts thereof being for payment of feveral other annuities, the fame have been and are to be computed on the five and twentieth day of March yearly: the rates and duties of excife which were granted to their jdid late Majejlies by another aft of the fifth year of their reigh, for the term of fifteen 5 &6 w.&M, years, for payment of the lottery annuities therein mentioned; the 0- c. 7. verphis whereof when the fame Jhcdl arife, is to be computed on the five and twentieth day of March yearly: and the particular rates and duties upon fait* and the particular duties upon Jlampt vellum, parchment, and paper, which were granted to his faid late majejly King & IO w WiJJiam, his heirs and Jucceffors, by feveral afts of the ninth year I 25>°	*	3‘

of bis reign, and are charged with feveral annuities amounting ta one 9 & so w. 3/ hundred and fixty thoufand pounds per annum to the companies or c. 44-per fins entitled to the trade to the Eaft Indies; the overplus of which feveral rates and duties lajl-mentioned hath been and is to be computed on the nine and twentieth day of September yearly: now it is heycr by further enacted by th$ authority aforefaid, Thai the lord Lord tret^ high treafurer of England, or any three or more of the commif- furer, &c. to fioners of the treafury for the time, being, (hall from tinrit to apply the time caufe all the laid overplus monies of the faid feveral rates* rarac* duties, and funds fo charged with the faid annuities formerly purchafed, as aforefaid, to be juftly and duly computed .at (uch fefpedivc days and times as are before-mentioned in that behalf; and after paying or rcferving fuflicient to pay all the payments then incurred thereupon respectively, the faid overplus monies loft-mentioned, fo to be computed at any day or time, between the four and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ten (except the necefiary charges of paying and accounting for the laid annuities formerly purchafed, as a-forefaid) or fo much of the overplus monies laft-mentioned, as (hall be fufficient for this purpofe, (hall be referved and applied for or towards.the making good fuch quarterly payments of the ^e'^uarteH^ annuities to be purchafed on this ad, as (hall incur or grow due payments*^! at or before the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, which fhall this act be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ten.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Auditors to That there fhall be provided and kept in the office of the audi- keep books tor of the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer one or more books,*°r entring all in which all the monies of the faid feveral rates and duties here- ™on,C8 Paid by appointed to be paid in weekly, as aforefaid, and which fhall be brought to the faid receipt for that purpofe, and the faid fum, not exceeding thirty five thoufand pounds, hereby direded to be referyed out of the faid contribution-money, and alfo the faid overplus monies of the faid former annuity funds hereby directed to be computed and applied, as aforefaid, (hall be entred apart and diftind from all other monies paid into the faid receipt on any other account whatfoever.

6	XIII.	And



t3S	Aimo	qumto	Aknje.	c.19.	[1706.

Com million- - XIII. And to the end all the monies by this ad appropriated bc for payment of the annuities to be purchased on this aft, may appotn ,	^ ju|y ^ cej^Jniy raifed and brought into the receipt of the

Exchequer for that purpofe; it is hereby further enafted, That from time to time, during the continuance of this aft, there (hall be continued or appointed commiffiooers, receivers gene* ral, comptrollers, colleftors, and other proper officers, for nuf-inrg the fevend rates and duties by this aft intended for the pay* ment of the aamrities to be purchafed thereupon, and for keeping the accounts of the fame; and that the refpe&ive com-mmtoners or chief managers thereof, (hall from time to time* and compote weekly, compote and afccrtain the monies of each branch of the weekly, and Slid rates and duties, which ought to be paid into the Excbe-perform their qocr on every Wednefday^ or on the fubfequent day, not being duUC#* an holy day, as aforefaid; and that all commiflioners, receivers general, comptrollers, colleftors, and other officers, who are or (nail be concerned in the managing, railing, levying, receiving, collefting, or paying the fame, or in keeping the accounts thereof, (hall perform their feveral and fefpeftive duties therein, as to them refpedtively (hall appertain, under fuch and the like on penalty, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, for any offence or negleft therein, or for detaining, diverting, ot ntifapplying any part of the faid monies, as are prefcribed and to be tnflifted by virtue 9 8c 10 W. j. of an aft of parliament made and pafled in the ninth year of the c* 4V	reign of his (aid late majefty King William the Third, intituled.

An iff fir raifmga fum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund fir payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and fir fitting the trade to the Eaft Indies, for the like offence or negleft in relation to the duties upon fait, and other duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper thereby grant-, ed, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies which were granted by the aft laff-mendoned.

Monies anting XIV. And it is hereby enaftcd and declared. That all th« rifon/*1*" monies arifing> as aforefaid, of or for the faid feveral and re-fpcftive rates and duties upon low wines and fpirits of the firft extraction, and the faid duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others, as aforefaid, and the duties upon fweets, and the faid duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, hereby appointed to be paid weekly into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, and the faid additional foWidy, and the faid fum not exceeding thirty five thoufand pounds hereby direfted to be refeiVed out of the contribution-money, as arorefkid, and the faid refpeftive overplus monies of the (kid former annuity funds, hereby appointed to be computed and applied for filch feveral and refpeftive times, and in fach manner *s are before-mentioned, and every of them, or fo much of the Add feveral rates, fubfidies, and duties, contributbn-mohey, abd overplus money, as (hall be fufficient for answering the foil and dUe payment of all the annuities to be purchafed on this aft, and all arrearages thereof from time to time incurred according tatSe true meaning of this aft, are, and (hall be the general raid for

payment



1706.]	Anno quint6 Annjv. c.tg.	939

payment of the lame, and are and (hall be liable thereunto, and ftiall not be diverted or divertible €9 any other ufc, intent, or purpofe whatsoever, under the penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities in this a& expreffed.

XV.	Andfor theraifihganyfum and Aims of money, not exceed- For purcbafe

ing in the whole the fum of eleven hundred and fifty five thoufand of annuities pounds, that is to fey, Thd fum not exceeding one/million one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds thereof, forcolrrymj; on the j^vance^* prefent war and other her Majefty’s occafions, and the laid fum t, 155,000!. not exceeding thirty five thoufend pounds, refidue thereof, to be	»•

applied for or towards the making good the quarterly payments

to be incurred on the annuities to be purchafcd in purfuance of this aft; it is hereby further enatted by the authority aforefaid, purcbty tbeje . That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or pen- amentia. fons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay into the receipt of her Majcfty’s Exchequer, for her M?jefty*9 ufe, at or before the refpeftive days and times in this a A limited in that behalf, any fum or Anns Of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million one hundred fifty five thoufand pounds, for purchafing any annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full terns of ninety nine years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufend feven hundred and feven, at the Tate of fixteen years purchafe, which rate At 16 years doth amount to the fum of one honored and fixty pounds for purchafe,from every fuch annuity of ten pounds pgr annum, and proportienably *5 March, for any greater annuity; and the fame rate or confidcratfon- 1707" money is hereby appointed to be paid into the feid receipt, at To be paid in or before the refpeftive days and times.herein after-mentioned 4 parts, 10 (that is to fey) one fourth part thereof on or before the tenth May, lojtrfy, day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufend feven hurt- i^diSSrSl died and feven; one other fourth part thereof on or before	,707#

the tenth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven *, one other fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thoufend feven hundred and feven; and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thoufend feven hundred and feven: all which annuities fo to be purchafed, (hall not exceed in the whole, the fum of feventy two thoufand one hundred eighty feven pounds Annuities not and ten killings per annum, and (hall be paid and payable at the to exceed four mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to 7*»i*r l *os. fay, the feafts of the nativity of Saint John baptift, Saint Michael {^y^equar-the archangel, the birth of our Lord'Chrift, and the annuncia- q tiort of the blefled virgin Mary, by even and equal portions; the firft payment thereof to be made at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John baptift, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufend feven hundred and feven.

XVI.	And it is hereby ena&ed, That in the offices of the contributors auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells in the Exchequer, names, See. fcmally, there (ball be provided and kept -a book or books, in to be entred,

.	which

Annuities to, be paid with preference to other pay. meats.

Surplus difpo fable to pub-lick ufe$. Farther provi fions relating hereto,

lGeo.i. ftat. 2 c. 12. f. 7.

Anno quinta Annje. c.ig.	[ijo6.

: which there (hall be fairly ehtred the sntaxes of all who (hall be contributors, and of all perfons by whefe hand* the fakl contributors, (hall pay . in any of the faid fans upon this act. and alfo the Turns fo paid, and the times when the fame are rttyed-iveiy paidi; to which book it (hall be lawful for the ref$>e£Uve contributors, their executors, adminfftrators, and afigns, from time to time, and at all (eafonable times, to have refort, and to in(pe& the fame without fee or reward.

. XVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforcfad. That all and every the annuities whatfoever which (hall be pur-chafed upon or in purfuance of this pnefent a&, (hall beand are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable from time 'to time, in the firft place, and with preference to all other pay-aments whatsoever, out of the monies arifing from time to time, -as aforefaid, of or for the fad fevefal and refpe&ive duties upon low wines and fpirits of tbe firft extraction, and the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen and others, as afore-.laid, and the faid duties upon tweets, and the faid duties upon :ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, hereby appointed to be brought and paid weekly into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, arid onto? the faid fubfidies, and every of them, and alfo out of the fad Turn not exceeding thirty five thoufand pounds, hereby direded to be referved out of the faid contribution-money, as afore-

-	faid, and alfo out of the faid overplus monies of the faid former .annuity funds hereby appointed to be computed and applied for fuch feveral and refpedfcive times, and in the manner be-fore-mentioned, and every of them y and fo much of the faid

Teveral and refpedive rates, fubfidies, and duties appointed by ; this aCl to be brought and paid into the Exchequer, and fo much .of the faid fum of thirty five thoufand pounds, and of the faid feveral and refpedive overplus monies of the faid former annuity funds, as are and (hall be fufticient to fatisfie and dif-, charge all the annuities to be purehafed upon this.ad, and all

-	the arrearages thereof, at any time due or owing, are and (hall be, by virtue of this ad, appropriated and applied to and for

, fatisfying and difeharging of the lame annuities, and fuch arrearages thereof accordingly, and (hall be iflued, difpofed, and applied to that ufe, and to none other ufe, intent, or purpofe what-foever; any thing herein contained, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

-	XVIII. Provided always. That if at the end of any year of the faid term of ninety nine years, for which the faid annuities

_ are to be purchafed, the firft computation to be made at Lady ” day, one thoufand feven hundred and eight, or within fix days after, the monies arifing at the Exchequer within fuch year, by the faid rates, duties, fubfidies, overplus monies, and otner monies hereby appropriated for payment of the faid annuities, pur-fuant to this a6t, (hall exceed all the monies then due for or upon the fame annuities, and all arrearages thereof, then or at any time or times before that time incurred, fo that there (hall be an excels or furplus remaining in the Exchequer, fuch excels pr

furplus

tyo6.]	Anno quinto.ANNjE. 0.19.	241

(urplus (hall beffifpofahle fromtimeto time for the publick ufc andfervace, apd not other wife;, any thing herein contained to the contrary, nptwubftandingi

JtlX. And. be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

'Fhat nil and* fcvery contributor,and contributors upon this ad, paying, l&c!^ duly payixtg, the confideration, or purchafe-money, at the rate to enjoy fare ^foreiaid, at or before the refpedive days or times in this ad eftates in an-limited in that behalf, for any fuch annuity or annuities, as a- nu*!** pur“ (brefaid, or fuch as he, (he* or* they (hall appoint, his, her, or chafc * their refpedive executors; aatninhtrators, fucceflbrs, and affigns, fh^ll haye, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this ad* to have, recejvd, and enjoy the refpedive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed, out of the monies by this ad appro-j pnated or appointed for the payment thereof, during the faid whole term of ninety nine years, as-is above-mentioned; and , that all and every fuch purchasers, their executors, adminiftra-tors, and affigns refpedivety, (haU, Have g°°d and fure dhteS( and interefts in, the fevcralannuities, fo by them to be purchafed according to the tenor and true meaning of thjs ad, and that all the faid annuities to be purchafed ppon this ad, and every of them, during the term aforefajd, (hall be free from all taxes, Tax-free; charges, and itnpofitions wbatfoever.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority .aforefaid; and have tal-That every contributor upon this ad, for any annuity or an- Jjcs and or-nuities, as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, Mtfahsm or affigns, upon payment of the confideration or purchafe- t^e money for the fame,, at the rate aforefaid, or any part or pro- rectified by portion thereof, within the time or times in this ad limited in jf Ann*> c. 7. tliat behalf, (hall immediately have,one or more tally or tallies 6*-levied, importing the receipt of fo much confideration-money as (hall be fo paid; and upon payment of all the, purchafe-money for any fuch annuity or annuities, at the rate aforefaid, every fuch contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or affigns rdpedively, (hall, have an order for paying of the faid annuity and annuities, for and during the faid term of,ninety nine years; which order (hall be (igned by the treafurer, and under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, and after the iigning thereof, the fame (hall be. firm, good, valid, and effedual in the law, according to the purport and true ~ meaning thereof, and of this ad, and (hail not be determinable - 2	,

by or upon the deaths or removal of any*treafurer, or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commUfioucr or commiffioners of the tfeafury, or. by or upon the determination of the power^.office,,or ^offices of them, or any of them, nor (hall any lord high treafurer of England, treafurer of the.Exchequer, or any commiffioners of the treafury now or for the time being,, have power to xevokey countenBand, or makcrvoid, fuch’prders • fo figned,ias afor^id,or anyqfthem;; .	<	—	w	>	r

. XXI. And’iordthe encouragemcntxif the contributors.to ad-	for

yance and pay%rjffiwith intbjthe^ec^iit ofthe Scm . ^y©L. XI.	R	films jo May, 1707.



24i	Anno qulnto	C.I9.

films by them intended to be advanced upon this a&, it is provided and enafted by the authority afortfaid, That every inch' contributor who (hall advance and pay into the faid receipt trir Exchequer all or any part of the purchafe-tnoney, pavabhe for any fuch annuity, or annuities, as afbrefaid, before the (aid tenth day of May, in the year of bur Lord one thtfufand feven hun*J dred and feven, his, her, or their executors, adrifiniftrators, or afligns, (hall be allowed and paid out of the contribution-money arifing by this aft, intereft after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, for the prompt payment of thte money fo advanced, from the time of the aftual advancing and paying the fame, until the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and feven.

Annuities af- XXII. And be it further enafted, That it fhaU and may be fignable, tec. lawful to and for any contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, at any time pr times during the continuance of his, her, or their term, eftate, or intereft of and in any annuity to be purdiafed upon this aft,-by any writing under his, her, or their hands and feais, or under the common feal of the corporation, or by his err her laft will in writing, to aflign or devife fuch annuity, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, to any perfon or perfons whatsoever, and fo toties quoties, and no fuch aflignment to be re-? vokable, fo as an entry or memorandum of fuch aflignment or will be made in books to be kept for that purpofe m the faid office of the auditor of the receipt, within the fpace of thred months, after fuch aflignment or death of the devifor-, and that upon producing fuch aflignment or willj or probat thereof, in the faid office of receipt, to be entred as afbrefaid, the party fo producing the fame (hall bring therewith an affidavit, taken before one or more of her Majefty’sjuftices of the peace, of the doe execution of the faid aflignment or will; which affidavit, (hall , be feverally filed in ,$ie faid office; which faid entry or memorandum the proper officers in the faid receipt of Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the faid affidavits : and in default of fuch aflignment or devife by deed or wiil, the intereft of fuch contributor (hall go to his or her executors or adminiftrators.

Guardians to XXIII. And it is hereby further enafted, That it /hall and infants may may be lawful for any guardian, or truftee, having the difpofal advances 601. cf the money of any infant under the age Of one and twenty years, for the ufe and benefit of foch infant* to advance and pay the fum of one hundred and fixty pounds of the money of (uch infant, to purchafe an annuity upon this aft for the benefit of fuch infant; and the faid guardian or truftee, as to the faid fun* of one hundred and fixty pounds fo advanced, is hereby dif-eharged.

Penalty on of- XXIV. And be it farther enafted, for the better encourage-ficers taking m^nt of perfons to adyapefe the monies on this aft. That all re* ffces/or di» ceipts arid iflues, arid all Other thiugs direfted by this aft to be nteT^Jc!110' performed m the-Exchequer- (hair be done and performed* by



(yofi.] Anno qumtoAHtML 0.19,	243

the officers there, without demanding or receiving, direftly or indireftly, any fee, gratuity, or reward for the fame; and in cafe any of tne officers of the Exchequer (hall take or demand any 4uch fee or reward, or (hall divert or mifapply any of the monies of the faid duties, or monies hereby appropriated, or any part thereof, which (hould make good the payment of the faid annuities, or (hall pay or iffue out the fame otherwife than according to the intent Of this aft, or (hall not keep books and reaiflers, and make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this aft they are required to perform, every fuch officer (hall forfeit his office, and be for the future incapable of any office or place of truft, and (hall anfwer and pay treble damages to every contributor or perfon who (haH be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bHI, plaint, or information m any of her Majefty’s courts of record at fFcftminJler, wherein no efloin, protection, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, wager of law, injunction, order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance (haH be granted or allowed ; and in the faid aftion the plaintiff upon recovery (hall have full cofts j one third part of which fum to be recovered for damages, (hall be to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fuccelfors, and the other two third parts, with the cofts, (hall be to the ufe of the profecutor; and in cafe there (hall be any collufion, or faint profecution, between the plaintiff and defendant in fuch aftion, it (hall be lawful for any other contributor, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or , afligns, to bring another aftion, wherein he or (he (hall recover, as aforefaid, to the like ufes, as aforefaid.

XXV.	Provided always. That no perfon or perfon? whatfp- Nopurchafe ever (hall or may purchase or obtain, or be admitted to purchafe unlefs one or obtain, any annuity whatfoever upon this aft, unlefs the Pa/t whole or one fourth part at lead of the confideration-money

for the fame, at fuch rate, as aforefaid, be advanced and paid ** 7°7' into the faid receipt of Exchequer, on or before the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feven.

XXVI.	Provided alfo. That in cafe any fuch contributor, as Contributors aforefaid, who (hall, on or before the faid tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feven’, have advanced one fourth an(j not the jpart of his or her purchafe-money, or his, her, or their execu- remainder, tors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, do not advance and fuch payment pay into the receipt of the Exchequer^ one other fourth partfort*ltc®*

of his or her confideration-money fo to be paid for fuch re-fpeftive annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, on or before the faid tenth day of %/y, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and leven, and one other fourth part thereof on or before the faid tenth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feven, and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the faid tenth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven, then and in every fuch cafe refpeftively, no order fhall be drawn or figned for fuch refpeftive annuity, for which the confideration-money (hall not be fully paid, as aforefaid; but fo much of the confideration-money is

R 2	mall



ficers, clerks. See,

Anno qutnto Ank^. c. 19.	X1706.

{hall iiavc been adually paid into the receipt of the Exchequer for fuch refpe&ive annuity, (hall be forfeited to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccelTors, and be applied together with other the mo* nies to be raifed'by this a<51 for fuch publick fervices, as afordaid; any thine in this a<5t contained to the contrary notwithftanding. Lord treafurer	XXVII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby ena&ed, That it fluul

to reward of- and may be lawful to and for the lord treafurer, or any three or more ot the commiflioners of the treafiiry for the time being, out of any the monies of the faid weekly payments, hereby appointed to be paid into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, or out of any the faid overplus monies of the former annuity funds, to , reward the officers, clerks, and others to be employed in the payments of the laid annuities, or the accounts thereof, for their labour, pains, charges, and fervice therein refpe&ively, and to defray all other the neceflary charges incident to the payment of the faid annuities, as to the faid lord treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafuiy for the time being, {hall feem meet and reafon-able in that behalf; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Attomlet, &c* XXVIII. And whereas divers perjons, clerks, Jlewards, mayors, who by mi- and bailiffs, keeping and bolding infertor courts of record, and other &C* ptrfons concerned in inferior courts, and corporations, and divers off-m ente^ilc- urs' attorn^ an& c^s °f courts at Weftminfter, have through tions. See. on inadvertency, mijlake or mifeonftruftion of the law, or by neglt&9 ftampt vellum, omitted the {ffuing, entring, enrolling, or Jilting of divers aflions* plaints, bails, appearances, pledges, declarations, ana other procefs and proceedings, upon Jlampt vellum, parchment, and paper, as by feveral afts of parliament made in that behalf they ought to have done, and have delivered declarations where no bail or appearance have been filed or entred, and proceeded further thereon; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the faid clerks, llewards, bailiffs, officers, attornies, and other perfons fo concerned, as aforefaid, lhall be, and they are hereby freed and difeharged of and from all and every the pains, penalties, and forfeitures not already recovered, and by them refpedively incurred, for or in refped of the premifies, before the twentieth day of March, one thoufcnd feven hundred and fix : provided, that fuch perlon or perfons having fo negle&ed and offended, as aforefaid, do before the three and twentieth day of November, one thouland feven hundred and feven, pay or caufe to be paid to the treafurer or receiver general of the ffampt duties, the feveral duties which by him or them refpedively ought to have been paid by virtue of the faid feveral ads; and in default thereof fuch perfon or perfons refpedively {hall lofe the benefit of the indemnity granted by this ad; and that all penalties and forfeitures for any offence committed as aforefaid, which (hall not be difeharged by paying fuch duties before the faid three and twentieth day of November, (hall and may be fued for, profecuted and recovered, fo as the profecution be commenced at any time within one year after the faid three and twentieth day of November, and not afterwards.

XXIX. And

fuch perfoni c freed from forfeitures incurred before so March, 1706. paying the duties. See.

In default to lofe the bene fit, Scc.

Digitized by t^ooQle

1706;]	Anno	quint* Ann,®. C.20.	245

XXIX. And forafmuchas by the doubtful wording of the ftatat'e t Ann*,fUt.a. made in tbi ftrjl year of her Majefty s reign, intituled. An ad; for c- **• preventing frauds in her Majefty’s duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, the attomies and clerks of the fiveral courts of record at Weftminftcr may be in danger of incurring the penalties forfeitures* and difabtlities mentioned in the /aid aft, and other former afts relating to the find duties, by reafon of their proceeding in any a ft ions or fusts, many of the faid courts, before the attorney or clerk of the ad-verfe part bath entred, filed, or recorded fuch bail, appearance, or other matter or thing, as he or they ought to have entred, filed, or recorded in the faid refpeftive courts: for the explaining whereof, be it declared Attomies,Ac. and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfbns not to incur ’ fhall forfeit, incur, or be profecuted for any penalty, forfeiture,	for

or difability mentioned in the faid ad made in the laid firft year £cfore theF ‘ of her Majefty, for or by reafon of his or their tranfading, en- other party tring, recording, or filing, or having tranfaded, entred, record- hath filed bail, ed, or filed any further or other proceeding, matter, or thing, fubfequent or relating to any.adjon, plaint, bail, or appearance,; which by any other perfon or perfon* whatfoever ought to have, been, or is to be firft entred, filed, or recorded in any of her	:	»

faid Majeft/s courts of record at tVeftminfler, before tne fame, hath been or (hall be duly entred, filed, or recorded; any thing in the faid feveral ads, or any of them, or in this prefent ad, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XX.

An act for the better encouragement of the royal lujlring

company.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the third and 5 & 4 Annae, fourth years of the reign of our mojl gracious fovereign JQueen c. 13.

Anne, intituled. An ad for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France; it is declared ( among/} other things) That all filks of the manufafture of Franee, imported into this kingdom,/hall be friz-ed and condemned, one moiety to her Majefiy, her heirs and fuccejfors, and the other moiety to the informer: and whereas divers of her Ma-jeflys fubjefts, under colour of the faid aft, have taken upon them to Jell anddifoofe of French lujtrings and alamodes fo feized and forfeited, as if they were allowed to be ufed and worn in England, which is contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft, which was defigned more effeftually to prevent the importation and ufe of the fiend filks, and alfo to the manifejl prejudice of fo profitable a manufafture fit up in this kingdom by the royal luftrtng company, and thereby evading theforce of jeveral afts of parliament pajl for the encouragement' of the Jaid manufafture .-for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the (Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and	'

content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That neither the before recited ad for prohibiting ail trade and commerce with France, nor any thing therein contain- Not to conned, fhall be conftrued to extend to countenance the ufing and wearing any French ahmodcs or luftrings in this kingdom* bm^froodcsor

R 3	that	luftrings,

Digitized by

Google

Aft* to be in

force.

None bat officer! of the

cuftoms, See.

to Cci TJt lu-

ftringi or ala: modes.

$ & 10 W. 3.

C, 43.

Anno qdirito Ann/e. c. 20:	[1706.

that the feme (hail be feized, condemned and exported in Kke manner and form, and under the like penalties* as they are or ought to have been before the pafling the (hid uct

U.	And be it farther enaded by the authority aforeEod, Tint the fcreral alb of parliament heretofore made for the encourage* ment of the roanufa&ures aforefaid, (hall remain in fell force and virtue, as if the (aid alt for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France had never been made; any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg.

III.	And whereas great trouble bos been occasioned to Jbcphepers dni others, by common informers, who are perfons of mean reputatum\ be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That only (uch perfon or perfons who is or are officer or officers belonging to the cu+ (toms, or who (hall be deputed by the royal luftriqg conipany, and (hall have writs of affiftance from her Majefty’s court of Exchequer, and no others, (hall and may feize any luftrings or alamodes within the cities of London and Weftminftcr, and the bilk of mortality; any thing herein or in any former ad to the contrary notwithfbnding. •

IV.	And whereas by an aft made in the ninth and tenth yean of the reign of bis late tnajefty King William the Thirds intituled, An ad for the better encouragement of the royal luftring company* and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importations of luftrings and atemodes ; it is amongft other things enafted, That before any perfon or perfons /ball be admitted to claim any of the faid ft Iks, they jhall give good fecurity by recognizance, in the court where fuck claim Jhall be entred, not only to pay the cojls of fuity in cafe fuch claimer or claimers Jhall be cajl> but alfo 'to anfwer and*pay the penal-ties and forfeitures incurred by the faid aft: and the fecurity onfuch' claim cannot be difeharged by yielding the claimer1 s body to prifon, which is found a great difeemragement to fair traders dealing in Englifti ala* inodes and luftrings: for remedy whereof, be it eroded by the au-thority aforefaid, That when any perfon or perfons claim any

fecuiTty°onlyC alaTTTOC*es OT luftrings feized, it fail be fuffident that fuch per-to pay colts if fon or perfons give good fecurity in the court where fuch claims uonfuited, &c. (hall be made, to anfwer and pay the fall cofts of fuit only, in cafe a verdid (hall pafs againft him, her, or them, or the clhimer (hall be ftonfuited, or « judgment pafs by default.

V.	And whereas fince the making the faid aft of prohibition of trade and commerce with France, thirty thtee pieces of foreign luftrings have been fettled and condemned, being imported contrary to the

may "be* fold *i o	aft,	and fold to Mr. David Martin, merchant, to be ttfed in

England. England, and have not been feated and marked with the cvftm-hufe 3 & 4 Annas, fed and mark; it is hereby further eroded. That the laid thirty three pieces of foreign luftrings may be u fed in England\ and thay the fame (hall not be feized or forfeited * provided that the pot*' feflbrs thereof refpedively do on or before the firft day of Map, ohe thoufand feven hundred and feven, bring the laid thirty three pieces of luftrings, or fuch part thereof as remain uridifpofod of, to be fealed and marked at the cuftom^houfe with the feal and mark ufed for foaling aUmodes and luftrings imported, and

oatl>

Claimers of feized ala

33 piece* of foreign lu-Itrings condemned, &c.

€.13.

Provifo.



17Q&) Aq»®qjiipto-AW>B. C.ai.et.	t#j

being made, 'J'hat fuch filks are the fame individual thirty three pieces of fill^pr part thereof, fo fold at the cuftom-houfe, and the cettuniiliorders of her Majefty’s cuftoms are hereby im-powcred and is«mired (fuch- oath being made) to caufe the laid to be feakd and rparjced accordingly j any law to the cpn-i trary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXI.

An act for repairing the highway between Fomhill in the county of Bed- EXP. ford, and the town of Stony Stratford in the county of Buckingham.

.	,	CAP. XXII,

An aft to explain and amend an aft of the lajl fejjion of par* kameMty for preventing frauds frequently committed by ** bankrupts.	'

^jhrZHEREAStffl aft made in thefirfififfion of this prefentpar-TI liamentt held in the foutth and fifthyears of her Majefifs retfrL* intituled* An a<5t for preventing frauds frequently com- Cap# l7^ piitted by bankrupts, hath not anfwered the good intent thereof \but qn the contrary, many notorious frauds and ahufes have been committed* notwithjlanding the provifions and penalties in the faid aft: for pre-i vention whereof fpr the future, and for explaining and amending the faid late a<ft, be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent {naiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament ak fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon or pprfons, who (ball become bankrupt within the feveral fta- who fbaj] aft«ff tute$ made againft bankrupts, or any of them, or any other per- *5 May, *707; fon or perfons, by or with his, her or their order, confent or ?*r*Y a*ay QI1 privity, (hall from and after the five and twentieth day of Aprils in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and feven,	**

remove, carry away, conceal, deftroy or imbezel any of the goods, wares, merchandizes, monies, or effe&s, whereof he,

3ic or they, or any perfoii or perfons in truft for him, her or

£hem, is or are poflefled or entitled unto, to the value of twenty

pound's, or upwards., or any books of accompts, bonds, bills,

notes, papers or writings relating thereunto, with intent to de- Intent to

fraud his, her or their creditors, every fuch perfon and perfons

fo becoming bankrupt, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed^ fuffer as felons.

fhajl fuffer as a felon without benefit of clergy; and in fuch cafe

fuch bankrupts goods and eftate (hall go to, and be divided

amonaft the creditors i any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary

notwithftanding.

. II.* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That So bankrupt* from and after the faid five and twentieth day of Aprils in the tobedifehar? year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and feven, no§e?fro^rkc^ perfon or perfons that have, or hath, or (hall become bankrupts,dc ts*&c* ^hall be difeharged from all or any of his, her or their debts owing at the time of fuch bankrupey, or be entitled to any allowance or benefit given or provided by the faid late a<ft of parliament made ir* the fourth and fifth years of her now Majefty’s n vw

R 4	reign.

Anrioqointo Ann.*, c. 22.	[170ft

unlcfs 4 fifth* Feign, unlefs the allowance thereby given, and the certificate by in numbered the faid aft directed to be made and confirmed, (hall be 6m tor* fig/a figned by four parts in five in number and value of the ctefi-ccrtificate, Stc. tors of fuch bankrupts, who (hall have duly ptoved their dfebtfj or fome others by them authorized thereunto, testifying thei* confent to fuch allowance and certificate, (faring and excepting only fuch allowances and certificates which have been already ~. , made and granted according to the true intent and meaning of thefaid late aft, which (hall be good and effefhial in the lame manner (and no other) as if this prefent a& had not been made) any thing in the (aid late aft, or hefeirf contained, to the contrary noftvithftanding.	\

Bond, bill, &c. ill. Provided always, and be it^enfedtadby the atnkority a-of bankrupt forefaid, That every bond, bill, note, contraft, agreement, or S^creXtor ot^er fecur*ty whatfoever to be made or giveji by any bankrupt See* void. * or by any other peffon for him, unto or to the ufe qf, or in truft for any creditor Qf creditors, or for fecuring the payment pf any debt or fum of money du? from fuch bankrupt, at the time of his becoming bankrupt, or any part thereof, between the time of his becoming a bankrupt, and the time of fuch bankrupts difeharge, as a confideration, or to (he intppt to induce pr perfuade him gr her to confent to or fign any filch ai-e lowance or. certificate, (hall be wholly void and pf no effefl ( and the monies thereby fecured or agreed to be paid, fhali not be recovered or recoverable; any. thing herein contained. Of 1 any law, cuftqm or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Notice to be IV. And be it further egafled by the authority aforefaid. That feiveft in Lon- where apy eommifljon of bankrupts (hall iffue out from and afT 6feh?iffuine ^ —e	£ve ^entiejh 'day of April, in the year of out

coYnmifiionf Lord, pnp thoufapd feven hundred and feven, the commiflion-©f bankrupt, ers therein named, or the major part df them, (hall forthwith caufe notice thereof to \>e given in the Gazette, and (hall ap-i point a time and place for tl>e creditors to meet, which meeting, for the city of London, apd all places within the bills of mortality, (hall be at the Guildhall of the faid city, in order td 0-j r ; choofe affignee or aflignees qf the bankrupts eftate j add the

m.m . faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, (hall afiign eve-ry fuch bankrupts eftate and effefts unto fuch perfort or perfons pnljr, and no other, as (hall be nominated arid chofen by the major part of the credifprs then prefent; and the afiignee or aflignees fo chofen, fhali be pbliged to keep books df the ac-eompt of the bankrupts eftatei with liberty for any qf the ere* . ditors to refort to* and infpedt them.

Cop’itniflioners V. Provided always, That It fhali and may be lawful forthe pva> make one commiffioners, Qr the major part of them, as often as they noes*0^ ^all ^ caufe, for the better preferving or fecuring the bank-1	*	rupts eftate, immediately to appoint and make one or more af-

fiance or afljgpees of tjie faid pftate, of any part thereof, which afiignee or afugnees, or any of them, fhali or may be removed wJjo may be or difplacqd at the faid meeting of the creditors, if the major removed, See. part of them then prefent (hall fo ttynk fit; and fuch affignee '	' ‘	*"	or

17^6;]	Aiino	qomtb	AstfM.	c iii	249

or aftgneetat (halt be fo removed or difplaced, (hall deliver up and affignr all the iaffe&s and eftate of the bankrupt, which before	(hall have come to his, her or their hands or

pofleffioii* orftudlhave been aiTigned to him, her or them, unto filch othet aflignee or aflignees as (hall be chofen by the faid	,

major part of the creditors prefent at fuch meeting, and the effect and etote of the bankrupt which (hall be fo delivered up or a£gncd, IhalJ be to all intents and purpofes as effectually verted in fuch new aflignee or aflignees, as if the firft aflignment had been made tohim, her or them by the faid commiflioners; and if any of the laid firft aflignees mall refufe or negle<5t, by the fpace of fourteen days next after notice given of the choice of fychcotw aflignee or aflignees, and of his, her or their con-fent to accept fuch aflignment, fignified to the firft aflignee or. a(Tianees*. by Wiling under his, her or their hands, to make	•<

Aftn affignment and delivery, as aforefaid, every fuch firft af-.....

fig rice or aflignees (hall refpe<Stively forfeit the fum of one hun- l ^ ,	-	<

dred pound*, o^r and above the value of fuch money, goods * J5 and dfefts that came to his or their hands refpc&ively by vir- 1 ‘ J tue Of iueh aflignment, to be divided and diftributed among the creditors os the bankrupts ellate is or ought to be, and to be recovered by a&km of debt, bill, plaint or information in anyi of her Majefty’s courts of record at JVeftminJlery by fuch per- * fon'or per foittas the faid iriajor part of the creditors (hall ap-point to file for the fame, with full cofts of fuit, wherein no privilege, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance mall be allowed; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VL: And.be it alfo further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, ,

That iuoh aflignee or aflignees (b to be chofen, as aforefaid, Aflignees may or the major part of them, ihall.be and arc hereby impowered to nuke compofitions vyith, any perfon* debtor or accomptont^jj^j™^* to fueh bankrupt, where' the fans fhal! appear neceflary and 0^fiihabU, andT,tc> t^kC fiich reafonable part as cap upon fuch compofition be gotfcpn,ia full difcbarge of fuch. debts or ac-compts; any taw, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftandthg.	*	*	*

VII.	And for preventing the taking out eommiflions of bank- No commif-*up* fraudulently oT malioioufty, be; It further enadted by thefi°n to be iffu-au^rityafoi^aid, That no commiflion of bankrupts under the great-foal ofEngland^ (hall, after the five and twentieth day ^itor, unlcft of>#n7, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred fingle debt be and (even, be awarded or iflued out ogainft any perfon what-1001. &c. foever, at the inftance or upon the petition of any one or more creditor orereditaps* unlefs the fingle debt of fuch creditor do amount fo the font of one hundred; pounds or upwards, or un-lefs the debt of two creditors fo petitioning, as aforefaid, (hall amount to one hundred and fifty pounds, and upwards, or un-Jefs the debt of three or more creditors fo petitioning, as afore-faid, (hall amount to two hundred pounds, and upwards; and fhe creditor or creditors petitioning for fuch commifliofi, (hall,

before

Digitized by LjOoq le

a&A	fiyo*?

before this thole be granBsd*gtyc bond, tothe lord dtaacdfav, Rod k*ep*ry or cotne'itffwhers.of the greet feat far the tin* foe ingr in the penalty of tw? hundred pounds, to bo conditioned! for pnwring bis, her or their- fabtfe sod alfo for proving th* party 0 bankrupt at the time of taking rout fueh commiffion p and i£ Arch debt or debts (ball not fee ready duo and owing, or if after foch commifiatt tkkeu out, it cannot bo proved that the party me a. bankrupt an the time* but on thcceatrary it fbajl appear, that finch cotnmiffion *•» taken out fraudulently or naaikioufly, That then the lord chancellor, lord keeper; or. ceonmiffloners of the great fe*l for the time feting, (hall and-may, upon petition of the patty or parties grieved, tUQgn fuch bond to rocompance him, bar or them in damages; any law,, end oar or nfagje to the contrary notwithftanding.

No farmer,&c. ' VJIL Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and nor receiver of enadkd’by the authority aforefaid. That so farmer, greater or taxes, to be	drover «f cattle, or any perfon who is or	hath	been	a receiver

I***®**!	*	general of taxes granted by parliament,	(hall	be entitled	to tOf>

upt' of tb« benefits given by this or the faid late -aft made in (to; fourth and fifth years of her Majefty’s reign,- nof be deemed, at bankrupt within the fame, or any former adts made agatoft bankrupts ; any law, cuftoto oTufage to the contrary ootwkb-i (landing.

Aa to conti- IX. And he it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,. nue two years. That this aft (hall continue and be m force for the (pace of two.

years, and from thence to the end of the next fefiton of pwlia»» menty and;no longer., .	i

CAP. XXIII.	>

\k 4 Ann*, An afl to fubjeft the ellate of Thomas Brerert-eod to the creditor^ of c.- is,	Thomas Pitkin, notwithftanding any agreement or competition raids

with the creditors of the dud Thomas Pitkin.	.	>

Cap. xxiv.

An a!i for difebarging fmdl livings from their firft and tenths, and all arrears thereof.

*te j Anne, TT7HEREAS purfiumt to an ati of parliament made in •, c. it.	YV and year of her Maufy's reign, intituled, An a& for the

making more efie&ual her Majefty’s gracious intentions for thp, augmentation of the maintenance of the -poor clergy, by.enabling her Majefty to grant in perpetuity the . revenues of the firft mats.and tenths, and alfo tor enabling any other perfons, to make grants far the fame purpofe;

mejefiy, bj letters patent,hearing date the third dap ^November, m the third year of her Majejly's reign, did make,	„

unfiHute, and ejlablifl> certain perfons and officers therein » t$ Corporation of he one body politick and arporate, the name of The bounty of o * °f Q?*®* ■&***■> fiof the augmentation of the maintenance of the <tueen nse. p^jj. clergy ; and did thereby give and grant to the faid governors all the revenues of firft fruits and yearly perpetual tenths of all -mttes,	fiftus,	benefices, end	promotions fpiritupl yshatforw,

ta

i?o6.}	.Anno quj«to A|WJB, 0.44.	af.K

to her Majtftyy her heirs and fuccejfors, by virtue of an at1 of parliament made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of King Henry the H. 8. c. 3. Eighth, or by virtue of an aft of parliament made in the fir ft year of1 EliZi c-the reign of the'late £>ueen Elizabeth, for refiitution of firft fruits and tenths to the crown, or by virtue of any other aft or afts of parliament whatfoever, and all arrears of the jaid firfi fruits and tenths then due and undife barged (except as therein is excepted) to be applied and difpofed of to and for the augmentation of the maintenance offuch parfons, vicars, curates, and minifiersy officiating in any church or chapel within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, where the liturgy and rites of the church 0/* England, as now by law efiablijhed, Jhall be ufed and obr Jervedy under fuch rules, reftriftions, and dir eft ions y and in fuch manner and formy as ftoould be eftablijhed purfuant to thofe Utters patents: and whereas it is thought that the payment of firfi fruits and tenths for Jmall livings with cure of fouhy is a very heavy burden upon the poorer clergy, for whom her Majefiy s unparallel'd bounty was defigned; and that the immediate difeharging of the faid firft fruits and tentbsy and the arrears thereof , of the faid fmall livings, will be a prefent proper augmentation of the fame (feveral whereof by reafon of the faid charges are now held in fequefiration by temporary curates, without being regularly filled with infiitution and induftion) be it therefore enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, Ecclefiaftical by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and benefices not temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, exceeding 501, and by the authority of the fame. That all ecclefiaftical bene-fices with cure of fouls, not exceeding the clear yearly value of from^ayment Ixfty pounds by the improved valuations of the fame (the tenths of firft fruits, whereof are by the faid recited charter veiled in the laid corpo- &c. for ever, ration) and the incumbents thereof for the time being, and every of them, their refpedive heirs, executors, adminiftrators, ^ t Geo?i!7* fucceflors, and fureties, (hall be free and clearly difcharged and itat. 2. c. 10. acquitted for ever of and from the faid firft fru»ts and tenths, and of and from all arrears of the fame.

II. And for the ascertaining of the clear improved yearly va- Bifhops, &c, Juations of the faid ecclefiaftical benefices with cure of fouls, in- before 25 tended by this ad to be difcharged from payment of firft fruits March. 1708, and tenths; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, i^^equ^the That the refpedive bilhops of every diocefe, or the guardians dear yearly of the fpiritualities fede vacante, and the ordinaries of peculiars, value of fmall and places of exempt jurifdidions, (hall and are hereby im-powered and required, as well by oaths of two or more credi- ^[^in their* bJe witnefles (whith they or others duly commifiioned by them, dioceles, &c, under their hands and feals., are hereby impowered to admini-fter) as by all other lawful ways and means, to inform them-. fdves of the dear improved yearly value of every benefice with cure of fouls within their refpedive diocefes and jurifdidions, the dear improved yearly value whereof doth not exceed fifty pounds ; and on or before the five and twentieth day of March, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, under their refpedive hands and feals, or feals



tflft	Alirib	quint©	ANN*. c. 14.	[1706.

of th& refpCftfrc offices, to certify into her Majefty’s court of « -	Exchequer	at	WfftnAnflery	the clear improved yearly value of

every fuch benefice with core of fouls, the dear improved yearly value whereof doth not exceed fifty pounds, end fuch certificate being made, and filed in the faid court of	,	Hull

afcertain the clear yearly value of the benefice with cure of fouls, intended by this ad to be difcharged from firft fruits and tenths. Hot to dif- III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this charge tenth aft, or iny thing herein contained, (hall not extend to dif-^tetftor	charge any benefices with cure of fouls, the tenths whereof

were granted away by any of her Majefty’s predecefiors to any. perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, in perpetuity,, before the faid third day of	in	the	third	year	of	her

Majefty’s reign.

IV.	And whereas the faid former aft was intended for the augmentation of the maintenance t not only of parfons and vrcarty hut alfo of curates, and other	miniflers officiating in churches or as is.

therein mentioned; now for the preventing all doubts touching the.

capacity of fuch miniflers to take any	to	them	and	their

fitcctjjors of or in any part or portion of the firft fruits and , as Jhail to them be allotted or applied; be it enafted and declared by. Phft	the authority aforefaid. That when any part or portion of the

tocorrri- firft fruits or tenths remaining to be applied or difpofed of by. nnefoforem. Virtue of the faid former aft, mail be annually, or otherwife applied or difpofed*wfj for or towards the maintenance of any mi-: nifter officiating in- any church or chapel, as aforefaid, fuch parlor portion fhall from thenceforth for ever be in like manner, continued to the minifter from time to time fb officiating in the %/r Ore ' ^me c^urc^ or chapel j and every fuch minifter, whether par-' to reotfve the ^>n» v*car> curate, or other minifter for the time being, fo offi-fente	. .	ciating in fuch church or chapel, fhall and may. from time to

■ • -	time take and receive, and by virtue hereof is and fhall be en-

titled to have and enjoy the lame for ever.

Aft to be a V. And be it further enafted and declared by the authority puUick aftr aforefaid, That this aft fhall be taken and accepted in all courts and places whatfoever, as a publick aft.

Not to dimi- VI. Provided neverthelefs. That this aft, or any thing here-nifli penfians, in contained, fhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to avoid Ac. hereto- or diminifh any annual fum, ftipend, penfion, or annuity now TttmtH!rit *n	w^*ch	hath heretofore been granted to any perfon or

fruits. .	perfons, body politick or corporate, and charged upon the laid

■: , ;	revenues of nrft fruits and tenths, or any part thereof; but in

. .	cafe it fhall fo happen that by difeharging fuch fmall livings, or

benefices with Cure of fouls, as afore-mentioned, of the payment of firft fruits and tenths, and all arrears thereof, the firft fruits and tenths which hereafter fhall be collefted in any dio* cefe or diocefes, fhall not be fufficient to pay and fatisfy fuch annual fonts 5s they now (land refpeftively charged with, then the whole revenues arifing from the firft fruits and tenths,? throughout the kingdom of	dominion of Wales, and

town of Berwick upon Tweed, ihali be liable, to.make good alb

fuch



.1706.] Aon© quint® Annjb. c.?5* ‘	255

Inch deficiencies, and the faid deficiencies (hall, out of the find Whole reve-revenues (during the continuance of fuch grants, from time to jj™** &c-time as any fuch annual payments (hall become due) be paid 0fVUcC*!iSc! and fatisfied to all fuch perion and perfons as (hall in any wife* be entitled *p receive the fame, in fuch proportions as sire li-ff united and appointed in inch refpe&ive grants.	/

CAP. XXV.

An act for making the afts more effeftual for appropriating the forfeited impropriations in Ireland, for the building of churches, and augmenting poor vicaridges there.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the eleventh and n & i* W, twelfth years of the Yeign of his late majtjly King William *• the Third, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majefty “by fale of the forfeited and other eftates and interefts in Ireland, and by a land tax in England, for the feveral purpofes therein mentioned, the faid forfeited and other eftates and interejls were vejled in the truftees therein named for the purpofes in the faid aft mentioned: andwhereas by the faid aft it wad provided and enafted> Recital of aft. • That the faid truftees, or any j'even or more of them, Jhould and might, and they were thereby required, as foou as conveniently might be, after the twenty fifth day of March, one xboufand feven hundred and one, by bargain and fate, to be inrolled as therein mentioned, to convey all and every the reftories impropriate, with the tythes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advowfons of vicaridges, and other things thereunto feverally and refpeftively belonging or appertaining, forfeited by reafon of the faid rebellion, and therein before vejled in the	1

/aid truftees, to fuch perfon or perfons, and their heirs, as the bi-Jbop of each refpeftive diocefe, wherein fuch reftories impropriate re-Jpeftivily were, Jbould nominate, upon truft neverthelefs1, and to the intent and purpofe that the profits thereof Jbould be iifpofed and em-ployed, from the fecond day ^November, one theufand fix hundred and ninety nine, for the [pace of twenty years thence next enfuingy in rebuilding or repairing fuch parijh churches within the faia kingdom cf Ireland, as the lords juftices, lieutenant general, or other chief '	•

governor or governors of the faid kingdom for the time being, by and with the advice and confent of the bijhop of each refpeftive diocefe for the time being, Jhould air eft or appoint; and after the expiration of the faid term of twenty years, for the perpetual augmentation of fuchfmall reftories and vicaridges within the faid kingdom ^Ireland, as the faid lords juftices, or other chief governors of the faid kingdom, by any writing under his or their hands and feals, with confent of the bijhop of each diocefe, wherein any fuch augmentation Jhould be made, Jhould direft or appoint, which appointments Jhould before the twenty fifth 'day of March one thoufand feven hundred and three, bi made and inrolled in the court ^Chancery in Ireland, as a perpetual memorial thereof: and for the making the fame more ef- i Ann*, flat. feftual and beneficial for the pious ends and purpofes afore faid, one *• c* 3«* other aft/qffld in the ftrft year of her Majefty9s reign, intituled. An ad for making more ef&dual the provifiorts out 6f the forfeited ..................	;	\ < -	*	* - Va •	*	-eftatfcs

*54

Iri(h re&ories impropriate convey'd to 'William Neave, &c.

tt k it W,

c. I.

Anno quinto Aitwjfi. c.	(i

eftates in Ireland, for the building of churches, and augmenting fmall vicaridges in Ireland; whereby it is entiled) That where any Juch reflories impropriate, tythes, advowfons, or offor things fo vefled in the faid trujlees, and directed to be conveyed in trujf, aforefaid, «/rro charged with, or /o tfary	charges, or in-

cumbrances, jointly with any other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by the faid ail vejled in the faid trujlees,	other lands, tenements,

or hereditaments in the firjl place jhould be liable to, and fhould ait-fwer and fatisfy fuch debts, charges, incumbrances; and the faid trujlees, or	feven of them, were thereby authorized and required

to make Jale of fuch other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of a competent part thereof for or towards the paying off, clearing, dijcharging fuch debts, charges, and incumbrances \ and as foon as conveniently might be, /row owi tf/?(?r fuch Jale, and the charing and difcharging fuch debts and incumbrances, J'uch reflories impropriate, tythes, advowfons, other things fo vefled in the faid trujlees, and direfled to be conveyed in trufl, d j aforefaid, <7; w/rr*, together with fuch other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, jointly charged or incumbred, Jhould be conveyed, and the faid trujlees, or any feven of them, w/oro thereby authorized and required to convey the fame to fuch perfon and perfons, and in fuch manner, W to fuch ufes, intents, and purpofes,	in the faid fir ft	recited all is direfled and appointed,

freed, and dij'cbarged of ana from all fuch debts, charges, and incumbrances, be the fame by matter of record, mortgage, or othemvife : and whereas the faid truftees, according to the powers given to them, did convey the faid reflories impropriate, with the tythes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advowfons, vicaridges, and other things thereunto fever ally and refpetlively belonging or appertaining, as aforefaid, to William Neave efquirc, one of her Majefly's ferjeants at law in Ireland, Marmaduke Coghill 0/7^ Morley Saunders, doflors of law, Samuel Dopping, John U(her and Stephen Ludlow efquires\ their heirs, executors, adminiflrators and affigns, for the purpofes in the faid firjl afl mentioned: and whereas by feveral fubfequent alls of parliament paffedfince the making the faid firjl recited afl, divers ’• 3* parts of the faid forfeited and other efiates and interejls by the faidfirjl afl vejled in the faid truftees, have been given, granted, or rejtored to feveral perfons, and for feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes in fuch fubfequent acts mentioned, in the pafjing of all which fubfequent afls it was intended that no perfon or perfons was or were, by any fuch fubfequent afl of parliament, in which any claufe or provifion was made or infer ted for or in favour of the Jaid church (/'Ireland, to be rejlored, or to have, by any fuch afl of parliament, any right, title, or interefl into or out of any of the faid reflories impropriate, tythes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advowfons, vicaridges, or other things thereunto refpeflively belonging or appertaining, as aforefaid, but that they Jhould remain, continue, and be in the faid truftees in the faid firjl recited afl named, to and for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned: a?id whereas it was likavife intended that fufficicnt provi fion Jhould be made in every fuch fubfequent afl of parliament for that purpofe, and feveral claufes and provisoes were refpeflively inferted in every fuch fubfequent aft and afls; neverthelefs feveral doubts, fuits, 6	and



c* 5-

and controverjktrelating tberettntobdve 'drififty thereby the ditch	r

reaps little or m benefit by the faU /hfi recited Offs; for remedy u & i* W, v whereof, and for tnateftig the laid intended gift of parliament c*	»

more effeftual for the pious ends md purpofes mentioned in *#	******

the faid firft recited aft, be it declared and enafted by the Queen's * mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and eonferit of	/

the lords fpiritaal and temporal, and commons, m this prefer* parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That All reftorie* ail and every the reftories impropriate, with the tythes, eWa- impropriate j tions, obvenrions, glebes, and advwwfdns of vicaridses, arid wi^ ™* ‘ other things thereunto feveraBy and reffpeftively belonging or ^ftedfo ctfu_ % appertaining. Which m and by the faid firft recited aft were by n & Veiled in the faid truftees therein mentioned, as aforefaid, and i* w. 3. c. 1. which m and by any of the faid fifbfequent aft or afts of pai* And^nce re* foment parted in favour of any perfon or perfons, in which* any fexprafs proviiion or ^hufe is contained m favour of the faid j£ntmry to* : church of Ireland, Were any ways given, granted, or revered* intent of aft contrary to the ufes, intents* and purpofes m the laid firft re- of parliament, cited afts mentioned, be, and is, and a« hereby diverted out of fuch perfon and perfons, and of and frdn all the dfes, in* thereof, &c. tents, and purpofes in fuch fubfequent a fts mentioned, in which and the feme any fuch provifion is made m favour of the faid church of Ire- fettled in WiU landy and be and are hereby veiled and fettled in the faid WH+

Ham Neave, Marmaduie Cogbilly Morky Saunders, Samuel t)op-fingy John UJher*, and Stephen Ludlow, their heirs, executors, fcdminklrators, and affigns, according to the feveral eftates and mterefts veiled in the faid truftees by the faid firil recited aft Appointed, to fuch ufes, intents, and purpofes, as therein men- . turned, as fully and amply as if the fame had been referved oat of, or not given, granted, or reftored by the faid fifbfequent •ft or afts of parliament, or as if Arch fubfequent aft or afts of

Parliament, in which any claufe or provifion in favour of the hunch of Ireland is inferred, and not otherwise, had never been made and enafted.

• II. And be it enafted by t*'authority aforefaid, That all Bond* taken Abends taken in the names of thcHiuftees in the firft recited aft in truftees mentioned, or m the name or names of any other perfon or names; for perfons, for any fum or fums of money due fince the T^^mhesS&cC ^ the faid firft recited aft, for tythes Or other profits ifluing out and notdif-of any the bid reftories impropriate, bdVowfons, and other charged, reco-things fo intended for the building and repairing of the fold vcrable, churches, and not already paid and difeharged, fhallhe and tire hereby made recoverable In the name or names of the refpeftive obligees, and (hall be paid and payable by the refpeftive obligees, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, to the an(J	Wc t©

hud William Neave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders, Sa- thc laid Wil-muel Doppingy John UJhery artd Stephen Ludlowy their executors, liam Neave,

- adminiftrators, and afligns, for repairing and building decayed and ruined churches in the faid kingdom of Ireland; any judgment, decree, or other thing to the contrary notwithftaading.

III. And

856	Anno	qumto Annjb. aa&*	[1706.

Where tythes	whereas feveral of the find forfeited tythes in the find

have been * kingdom have been fit to feveral perfons with lands at a rent in leafed with	grofs* before they became forfeited, and the leqfes thereof claimed and

•fend* at a	* allowed by the faid truftees, purfuant to the find firjl recited aft* be

InfVhe^d	lt cna<^ ty the authority aforefaid, That in all fuch cafes the

william faid William Neave, Marmaduke Coghill* Motley Saunders* Samuel Neave, &c. to Dopping* John JJJher and Stephen Inflow* their heirs, executors, receive a tenth administrators, and affigns, (hall have, hold, and receive the P*1*<***	tenth part of the faid rent in lieu and full fatisfadion of the

1X119	#	faid tythes, during the continuance of the faid leafe or leafes

thereof, and after expiration of fuch leafe or leafes refpe&iyefyv the full tythes in kind, or fuch Modus as have or hath been le-i gaily fettled in lieu thereof; in truft neverthelefs for and to the ufes, intents, and purpofes in $he (aid firft recited ad mentioned, Adt declared IV; And be it hereby declared and enaded, That as well the pubHck ads. faid firft recited ad, as all other ads or claufes in any ad made fubfequent to the (aid firft recited ad, relating to the laid forfeitr ed or other eftates and interefts in Ireland, vefted in the faid truf-tees,be, and is, and are hereby declared and enaded to be in all courts and {daces publick ads of parliament.

Not to alter W Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall be ed», &c.	conftrucd, or extend to alter or repeal the ad of parliament made

“^de fa- and paffed in the fecond year of the reign of our late fovereign feyUB^cnaJl	My	King	William	and	Queen	Mary*	intituled, An aft

or Nicholas fo bar a remainder limited to Dudley Bagenall efqutre* in the ejlate Bagenall. of Nicholas Bagenall efquire in Ireland; or to alter or repeal an & ad made end pafled in the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, in-a private ad. ^^led, An act for the relief of Nicholas Bagenall efauire, with x Ann. ftat. i. relation to the forfeited eftates in Ireland; or to annul, alter, or c. *7, a pri- repeal any claufes or provifions in either of the faid ads con-™rc	tained, or any ways to affed the eftate and intereft of the faid

eftateof Ni^ Nicholas Bagenall in the faid ads mentioned; but that the right, cholas, &c." title, eftate, and intereft of the faid Nicholas BagenalLo$% ip, ant} unto the feveral tenements, impropriations, right of patronage, advowfons; tythes, and hereditaments in the (aid ads mentioned, ihali be, remain, and continue in the fame fort, manner, and form, as they were before the paffing of this ad, and as if this ad had never been made.

CAP. XXVI.

An ad for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shard and the Devizes, and between the top ot Arlington Hill and Rowd Ford in the county of Wilts.

Continued and enlarged by ix Geo. x* c. *7. Sc i2 Geo. 2. c. 14*

CAP.



tjo6t)

Anno quiato AUum. C. 27.

257

CAP. XXVII.

An act for toniinuing feveral fubfidies, imfiofitions, and du~ ties, and for making provifions tbeTeinyientioned to raife money by way of loan for the fervice of the war, and Other her Majejly's neceffary and important occafions* and for afcertaining the wine meafure.

Moft gracious Sovereign*	,

I.TX7E your Majefty’s moll dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the VV commons of England in parliament affeiftbled, duly coafidering how neceffary it is that a full and ample provision be made for enabling your Majefty to carry bn the prefent war with fuccefs, and that your Majefty's fupply for that purpofe* and for other your Majefty’s neceffary and important occafions, be fuffirieht and compleat, have cheerfully and unanimoufly

Even and granted, and do by this ad give and grant unto your tajefty the fubfidies, impofitions, and duties herein after mentioned, for the terms herein after expreffed; and do mod hum-^ blv befeech your Majefty to accept thereof, and that it may be en-aoed; and be it enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the fubfidies of tonnage Tonnage and find poundage, and other duties and fums of money payable up- poundage itu on wines* goods and merchandizes imported, which were*given *****	*

and granted unto his late niajedy King Charles the Second for	\

bis lire, by an ad of parliament made in the twelfth year of his reign, (intituled, A fub/idy granted to the King of tonnagf and poundage* and other Jims of money payable upon merchandizes esc* ported and imported) and which by feveral fubfequent ads of parliament were continued until the firft day of Augujl, one thousand feven hundred and fix, and by an ad of the firft year of ber Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for making good deficiencies* * Annas, ftat, and for preferving the publick credit, a re granted to continueuntil *• c- *3-the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred ^nd teri;

Audi, by Virtue of this ad, be further continued and be paid and	.	*

payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all wines, goods, and merchandizes whatCoever, which (hall be	\

imported or brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweedy at any time or times between the laft day of July, one thbufadd feven hundred and ten, and the firft day of Augujt, one thoufond feven hundred t0 1 Ao&* and twelve; and tint the faid ad made in the twelfth year of Jgco. i.c. i*. the reign of King Charles the Second; and every article, rule\ nCar.i.c. *! and claufe therein mentioned, or thereby referred to, (hall be of Duties how le-full force and effed, for raifing, levying, and recovering the faid	c

fubfidies and duties hereby granted and continued, for and upon 6 nn* c’ x,# all wines, goods, and merchandizes imported, and all arrears thereof, according to the,true meaning of this ad, as fully and ,VoL. XI. 9	S	in

Digitized by

Google

*5*

Afts continued.

Anno quinto Anna. c. 27.	£1706;

in like manner as if the fame were particularly and at large recited and fet down in the body of this aft.

II. Provided always* and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That an aft of parliament made in the twelfth xiCar.s.c.19. year of the reign df the faid King Charles the Secbnd, intituled. An aft to prevent frauds and concealments of his Majeft/s cvffoms 13 Sc 14 Car. And fubftdies} as alfo an aft made in the fourteenth year of the a. c. 11. reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, intituled. Ah aft for preventing frauds and abufes in his Majeflf s cujloms; and aJfb 12Car.vc.13. an aft made in the two and twentieth year of the reign of the laid late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for the im+ provemeni of tillage, and the breed of cattle\ and alio one other ad *5 Car. 2. c. 6. made in the five arai twentieth year of the reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for taking off aliens duties upon commodities of the growth, predftft and memufafture of the nation ? and alfo one other aft made in the (hid five and twen-•5 Car. 2. c. 7. tieth year of the reign of the faid late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for theencouragement of the Greenland and Eaft-land traders, and for the better feasting the plantation trade \ and alfo one other aft made in the firft year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional aft for the improve* s & wC*9 Went °f tillage* and one aft made in the eighth year of the reign 9	3'	of his 1st? majefty Kmg mUiam the Third, intituled. An ad

for the leffemng the duty upon tin and pewter exported, add grant* ing an equivalent for the fame by a duty upon drugs 5 and another aft of the ninth year of his reign, For etureafing bis Majeflfs -	duties upon hfirings and alamodes; and one aft made in the elc^

c.1 ao.** W 3#vcnth year of his reign, intituled. An act for taking away the duties upon the woollen manufaftwres, corn, grain ^ bread, bifeuit^ and toeal exported} and all claufes and direftions whatsoever contained therein, or in any other aft or afts of parliament now in force concerning the faid fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and 0-ther fums of money upon merchandise imported, which were . r,r * r „ granted in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Se-*	***	cond, as aforefaid, (hall be of full force and effeft until the find

firft day of AuguA\ which fhall be in the year of our Lord, one thousand feven nundred and twelve. *

Except claufe*	Provided neverthelefs, and be it declared and enafted,

intended to be That nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued or taken to perpetual. determine any articles br claufes in any of th^ lad-mentioned afts, hereby enafted to be in force until the laid firft day of Augujh* one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, which were appointed and intended to be perpetual, or which were continued by any aft of parliament for any time which will not expire by or before the faid firft day of- Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve : but that the fame, and every of them, (hall continue and remain in force as if this prefent aft had not been made: but fuch of the faid afts, and fuch claufes in any of them, as would otherwife determine before the faid firft day of Auguff one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, fhall hereby be revived, and (land, continue, and be in force until the faid firft

-	#	-day

C. 34.

4 & 10 W. 3

c. 30.

DNgitiz

Google

i'ya6.)	Anno	quintoANtf.*.	C.	27.

tfay of	Augufl, one fhoufand feven hundred and twelve, and no

2 39

l6n

igcr.

IV.	Arid be it further enabled by the authority afbrefaid, tKitie* on Tfhat the fevenfl impofitirins and duties upon wines and vine- w.,ncsand gar. granted by an aft rriade iri the fifft yeat of the reign of his contfnue'to laid late majefty King Jartiet the Second, intituled, fin aft*for , Aug. 171*. granting to bis Majefty an impoftion upon all wines and vinegar im- i Jac. a. c. 3. ported between the four and twentieth day of June, one thokfand fid

hundred eighty and fivey and the four and twentieth day ctf June, One,

thoufand fix hundred ninety am three: which faid aft, by feveraP

fiiblequent afts of parliament, Was Continued until the firft day

of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and fix; and by the (kid

aft of the firft year of her Majefty’S reign, intituled, An act for t Am ^

rfiaking good deficiencies, and preferving the publitk credit, are granted c. 13.?	*

t6 continue until the firft day or Augufl, one thoufand feven!

hundred and teq; (hall', by virtue of this aft, be further conti-

rfued to her Majefty, her neirs and fuCceflors, from the laft day

of July, one thoufand feVen hundred and ten, to the firft day of

Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and no longer ;

and that the faid aft fo made in the firft year of the reign of the

find late King James the Second, and all powers, provifions,penal-^ jaCt 1# c# ^

tfes, articles, and claufes therein contained, for or concerning the'

fiid impofitroris pri wines arid vinegar, (hall,continue and be in ,

fidl force and effeft ur>til the faid firft day of Augufl, one tlioufanct.

feven hundred and twelve, and (hall be applied, £facftfed, and,

executed for railing, levying, collecting, anfwering, ahd payirfg

the faid duties upon wine and vinegar, hereby continued, and

a)l arrears thereof, according to the teriot* and intent of this pre-

lent aft, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every

the claufes, matters/ and things in the faid aft of the fifft year

eff the reign of the faid King James the Second contained, had;

been again repeated in this aft, and particularly enafted.

V.	And be it‘ further enafted by the authority aforefaid,'Duties on to* That the rates, duties, and lrinpofitions upon' all forts of tobac- bacco c°nti-cb, granted by ah aft made in the firft year of the reign of the ™e2> 01 faid Tate King James the Second, intituled, An act for granting to’i jac. a. c. 4. Bis Majefty ammpofition upon all tobacco and fugar imported between

the four and twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred eighty and five, and the twenty fourth day of June, otic thoufand fix hundred ninety and three: which faid aft, as for and Concerning the1 faid dutiefc and impofitions upon tobacco only, by feveral fubfe-<juent afts of parliament, was continued until the,firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and by the faid aft of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An act for x Ann. ftat. u making good deficiencies, and preferving the publick credit, are grant- c. 13. ed to continue until the firft clay of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, (hall by virtue of this aft be further continued and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, from the laft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, to the firft day ©f Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and no longer.

S	a	VI.	Pro-

Digitized by

Google

To be levied as by 7 & 8 W. 3« c* to.

260	Anno	quinto	Annje. c. 37.	[1706.

VI. Provided always, and be it enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid duty upon tobacco, which (hall be imported during the term hereby granted, and alL arrears thereof, (hall be fecured, colleded, raifed, levied, anfwered, and. paid to her Majefty, in fuch method, and with fuch difeount and allowances, and according to fuch rules and diredions as are mentioned, referred to, or preferibed as to the duties or importions upon tobacco, in and by the ad made in the parliament holden in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aftt for continuing fiveral duties granted by former aft5 upon wine, vinegar, and upon tobacco, and Eaft India goods ^ and other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war againji France, and not otherwife.

Duties on Eaft VIL Ana be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, India goodt That the feveral additional and other rates, impofitions, duties, &c. continued an(j charge upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes.

toiAug.1712. a W. Sc M. fefl*. 2. c. 4.

1 Ann. flat, i c. 13.

granted by an ad made in the fecond year of the reign of King William the Third, and Queen Mary, intituled. An act for granting to their Majefties certain impofitions upon aU Eaft India * goods and manufaftures, and upon all wrought filks, and feveral 0-ther goods and merchandizes, to be imported after the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety, and which thereby, and by feveral fubfequent ads of parliament, were continued until the firft day of Augufi, one thoufand fevea hundred and fix, and by the faid ad of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled, An act for making good deficiencies, and^ preserving thepublick credit, are granted to continue until the firft' day of Augufit one thoufand feven hundred and ten, (hall be further continued to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, from the laft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, to, the firft day of Auguftj one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and no longer; and that the faid ad made in the fecond year of their faid late Majefties reign, concerning Eafi India goods and other things therein charged, and all powers, provisions,, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, (hall continue, and be of full force and effed, until the faid firft day of Au-[ gufi^ one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and (hall be applied, pradifed, and executed for the raifing, levying, colleding, anfwenng, and paying the faid refpedive duties hereby continued, ana all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent‘ of this prefent ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid laft-mentioned ad, and all and every the claufes, matters, and things therein contained, had been again repeated, and par-Except where ticularly enaded; except only as to fuch part of the faid ads alterations are concerning the fakl impofitions on wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eajl made.	India	goods, and other merchandizes imported, touching which

other provilions or alterations are made by any ad or ads of parliament now in being; which other provifions or alterations are to be obferved, and to continue during the continuance of this prefent ad, and the faid ad, intituled, An act for continuing feveral duties granted by former alls upon wine and vinegar, and up-

7 & 8 W. 3. c. 10.

on



i6i

1706.] Ann6 quinto ANN-®. C. 27.

m tobacco, and Eaft India goods and other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war againfi France; and eveiy article, claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, for the railing, levying, fe-icuring, anfwering, and paying the impofitions and duties on the merchandizes and commodities thereby charged, and which are by this aft continued, (hall be of full force and effeft until the faid firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and twelve.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the additional and other rates, duties, impofitions, and charges upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes granted by an aft of parliament made in the fourth year of their faid late Majefties reign, intituled. An act for granting to their Majesties certain additional impofitions upon feveral goods and merchandizes, for the profecuting of the trefent war againfi France, which by feveral fubfequent afts of parliament were continued until the firft day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and by the faid aft of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, intituled. An ‘aft for making good deficiencies^ and preserving the publick credit, are . granted to continue until the firft day of Augufi\ one thoufand

lWen hundred and ten, (hall by virtue of this aft be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majeftv, her heirs and fucceflors, from the laft aay of July9 one thoufand feven hundred and ten, to the firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and no longer; and that the faid aft laft-mentioned, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, (except as herein after is excepted and provided) as for and concerning the faid rates, dqties, and impofitions, {hall continue and be of full force and effeft until the faid firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and (hall be applied, praftifed, and executed for the raifing, le-' vying, collefting, anfwering, and paying the faid duties hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aft, as if the faid laft-mentioned aft, and all and every the claufes, matters and things therein contained, had been again repeated, and particularly enafted in this prefent aft.

IX.	Provided alfo. That in all cafes where any other provi-fion or alteration is made by any aft or afts of parliament now in being, in or about any otner matter or thing contained in the faid aft of parliament for the impofitions laft-mentioned, fuch

' other provifions or alterations (hall be obferved, during the continuance of the term hereby granted ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And it is hereby further enafted, That the feveral impofitions and duties for and upon all whale-fins imported, which by an aft of parliament in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King William the Third, intituled, An act for taking away half the duties impofed on glafs wares, and the whole duties laid on Jlone and earthen wares, and tobacco pipes, and for granting in lieu thereof new duties on whale-fins and Scotch linensj were granted to his laid late majefty King WUHam, and by an

§ 3	aft

New Impoft continued to 1 Auguft 171*. 4 Sc s W. & M. c. j.,

i Ann. fiat. 1. c. 13.

exception.

Alterations made by alts to be obferved.

Duties on whale* (ins,

9 & .0 W. I c.4.5.



2 6%

Continued to i Aug. 1712.

1 Ann. ftat. 1. c. 13.

12 Car. i.c. 4,

1 Jac. 2. c. 3.

1	Jac. *. c. 4.

2	W. & M.

IT. *. c. 4.

4 Sc 5 \V. & M. c. j.

9 & 10 W. 3. c.45.

1 Ann. flat. 1. c. 13.

After principal ana inte-reft monies by 1 Ann. ftat. 1. c- 13. are paid off, remainder to be paid into the Exchequer for ufes in this a£t.

Anno quinto Annm. c,2f, [ryo/v

a<ft of the firft year of her Maicfty’s reicn, were continued untij the firft day ot 4wufly one thoufand Teven hundred and tm? (hall be, and fire hereby continued to hejr Majefty, her heirp and fuccetfors, from the laft day of July* ^ae thoufand feve^ hundred and ten, to the firft day of Auguft, one thoufiuid fevcp hundred and twelve, and no longer; ana (hall be raifed> levied^ colle&ed, and paid, in fuch manner and form, and by (juc$ way a and means, and under fuch penalties are mentioned ii> the faid a<ft for granting the faid impofitions on whale-fins and Scotch linens5 which aeft, with all the powers, provifoes, penaV ties, articles, and claufes therein contained, or thereby referred to, (hall continue and be in full force until the (aid firft day ojf Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, and (half he applied, pra&ifed, and put in execution for raifing and levying the faid duties on whale-fins, hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, as fully and efte&ually as if all the claufes, matters, arwj things therein contained, concerning the faid duties on whaled fins, were repeated, and again ena&cd in the body of this pr$-fent a<ft.

XI. And whereas the faid fubfidies of tonnage andpoundage* and the faid other duties granted f herewith, in the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, as afore faid \ and the faid impofitions on wines, vinegar, and tobacco, which were firft granted to King Jam*$ the Second, in the firft year of his reign\ and .the faid impofitions on Eaft India goods, and other goods charged therewith, which were firft granted to their late majefiies King William and Sjhuen Mary, m the fecond year of their reigns and the faid additional impofitions which were firft granted to them in the fourth year of their reign; and thf faid duties on whale fins imported, which were granted to his faid late majefty King William, in the ninth year of his reign, were by the faid aft of the firft year of her Majefty i reign, intituled, An a<ft for making good deficiencies, and preserving the publicfc credit, continued as aforefaid, until the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, in the manner therein mentioned j and the faid fubfidies, impofitions, and duties arifing by the faid aft of the firft year of her Majefty's reign, are thereby made fubjeft and liable to the fatisfaftion of the principal and intereft monies therein mentioned, great part of which principal monies do Jlill remain use-fatisfied, and are (together with all the intereft due, and to grew due thereupon) to be paid and difeharged in the firft place out of the fieb-fidieSy impofitions, and duties granted or continued by the aft lafi mentioned: now it is hereby further declared and enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and immediately after thetiipe that all the principal and intereft monies, which by the faid a<ft of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, for making good deficiencies, and preserving the publick credit, arje charged upon the fe-veral fubfidies, duties, and impofitions lafr-ipentiQned, (h Jl be fully paid off and fatisfied, or that fufficient money (hall be reserved in the Exchequer for that purpofe, then the aforefaid fubfidies* duties, and impofitions laft-mentiemed, to arife by the faid

adt cf the firft year of her Majefty’s rfign, foj* the remainder

J	r»r

Digitized by

Google

1706.3	Anno	quinto	AvNjB.	C.27.	363

Of tjvt feveral Jtnyis thereby granted, and therein then to oome and unexpired (except the necedary charges of railing, levying, collecting, and accounting for the iacne) (hall from time to time into the receipt of the Exchequer diftindly, for the pur^ poles in this prefent ad exprefled, and for no pthcr ufe, intent, or puipofe whatsoever.

XU Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded by the Claufe of loan authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for f°rjteht hun-any perion or perfons, natives, or foreigners, bodies politick or Corporate, to advance and lend to her Majefty at the receipt of hundred her hdajefty’s Exchequer, as well upon credit of the feveral fob- eighty one fidfefc impofitions, and duties by this ad granted or continued, pounds, fif-as alfeupon credit of the mqoies which by the faid ad of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign, after latisfadion of the princi* pcnce?ar-pal and intereft thereupon, as aforefaid, (hall arife by the fubfi- thing, dies, impofitions, and duties thereby granted, any iums which * Ann. ftat. i. frail not exceed in the whole the fum of eight hundred twenty c**3* two thoufand three hundred eighty one pounds, fifteen (hillings **4 fix pence farthing, for tbefervice of the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions; and moreover the lord high treafurer of Hugland for the time being, or any three or i?ore of the com* miffiooers of the treafory for the time being, are hereby author rized and direded to caufe the officers of the (aid receipt of the Exchequer to receive from time to time by way of loan, freon tuiy perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, willing to make the fame at the faid receipt, any further fum and Turns of money, over and above the faid fum of eight hundred twenty two .thoufand three hundred eighty one pounds, fifteen (hillings god fix pence farthing, as (hall be fufficient to make good the payment of all the filtered monies appointed or allowed by thip ad, every three months, until the (aid fubfidies, impofitions, and duties trifmg by this or the faid ad of the firfl year of her M^jefty’s reign, or either of them firft happening, (hall come i Ann. ftat. i. into the Exchequer, and be fuffiefem for that purpofe, purfuantc* *3-to the intent and true meaning of this ad; and that all the lenders, as well of the faid fum not exceeding eight hundred twenty two thpufend three hundred eighty one pounds, fifteeq Shillings, and fix peace farthing, as of me faid further Turns for making good the payment of the intermediate intereft as aforefaid,

Jhail hayeand receive intereft for the forbearance thereof, after the Tate of fix pounds ptr amum per annum; and that no money to at 6 per cent. hi5 lent upon the fecurity of this ad, (hall be taxed, rated or af- Tax-free, fisfied by any ad of parliament whatfoever.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enaded, That all and every	to

person or perfons who (hall lend any money upon fuch credits have tallies .as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the (aid receipt of Exchequer, and orders, .dhall immediately have a talley of loan ft ruck for the fame, and .an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, hqr, or their tallies, in or upon which order (hall be ulfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof at the rate aforefaid, to be paid every three months

S	4	until



264	Artno	qumto Anna. c.&y. £ryo6t

hritif thplrt-payment of the principal; and that a# fuch order? for re-payment of money to oe lent, (hall be regiflred m courfe, according to the dates refpeftiveiy, without other preference of one before another; and that all and every peffon and perfont fhall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall ftand re-giftred in the faid regifter books, fo as the faid perfoh, native or foreigner, his or her executors, adminiftrgtors, or affigns, who Ihall have his of her order or orders firft entred in the faid rcfpec-tive books of regifter, fhall be taken and accounted the firft per-fon to be paid out of the monies to come in by this aft; and l)e, (he, or they who fhall have his or their order or orders next entred, (hajl be taken and accounted to be the fecond peribn tp Monies not be paid, and fo fqcceflively, and in courfe; and that the monies divcrpble. to come in, pf or for the feveral fubfidies, impofitions, and du-i Ann. fiat. i. ties by this aft: granted or continued as aforefaid, and alio the c. 13. "monies wfiich by the faid aft of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign (after fatisraftion of the principal ana intereft thereupon as aforefaid) (hall arife by the lubfidies, impofitions, and duties thereby granted as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fatistaftion of the monies to be lent as aforefaid, to the re-fpeftive parties, their executors, administrators, fuccefiors and afligns refpeftiyery, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife; and (hall not be diverted or divertible No fee to be to any other ufc, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; and that no taken on pe- fce reward, or gratuity, direftly or indireftly, to be demanded or taken of any her Majefty’s fubjefts, for providing or making of any fuch books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearch 5n or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as a-forefaid, by any of her Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with treble cofts of fuit, or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then ©r unduppre- to’lofe his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before fcrcnce made another (hall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, te.	contrary	to the true meaning of this aft, by any fuch officer or

officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by aftion of debt, of on the c^fe, to pay the value of the debt, with damages and cofts to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of nis place or office; and if Tuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his matter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hail be liable to fuch aftion, debt, damages, and cofts, and mall be for ever incapable of his place or office; apd in cafe the auditor of the receipt fhall not direft, or the clerk of the pell9 record, of the teller make payment, according to each perfon’s due place and order, as before direfted, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and there^ fpeftive deputies and clerks herein offehding tab* liable to foch aftion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid; penalties how ill whicK faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts to be recoverable, incurred by'any of the officers of the Exchequer, Or any their deputies or clerks, (hall ahd may be recovered hy aftion o£

" • '	"	'	'	’	• d*K



xyo6J Anno quiitto Anna. c. 27.

debt, billvpteint, or information, in any of her Majefty's courts tA record At IVeflminJler, wherein no effoin, proto&ion, privilege* wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint Ihall be in any wife granted or allowed.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That if it happen that feveral tallies of loan, or oraers for payment as a-foraaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to she auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, then it ihall be interpreted no undue preference, which of thofe be ended firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

XV.	Provided alfo, That it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor direCt, and the cleric of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfequent orders to perfons that come ahd demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them, intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

*	XVI. And be it further enaCted, That all and every perfon and perfons, to whom any money (hall be due for loans to be regiftred by virtue of this aCt, after order entred in the book of regifter as aforefaid, his executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by proper words of alignment, to be endorfed and written upon his order, may aflign or transfer his right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order, or any part thereof, to any other, which feeing notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt afore-fajd* and an entiy or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regiftry aforefaid for orders, which the officers (hall upon re-queft without fee or charge accordingly make, (hall entitle fuch affignee, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch affignee may in like manner aflign again, and {oJoties quotits, and afterwaras it (hall dot be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons who have or hath made fuch afligment, to make yoid, releafe, and difeharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XVII. And to the end the contents of the wine gallon, where-•by the duties hereby granted are to be levied, may be afeertain-ed and known to all her Majefty’s fubjeCts, and that all difputes and controverfies touching the wine meafures, according to which any cuftoms, fubfidies, or other duties, are, from and 'after the firft* day of May^ one thoufand (even hundred and fe-ven, to be paid or payable to her Majefty, her heirs or fuccef-fore, may be fettled, be it further enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That any round veffel. (commonly called a

♦	cylinder) having an even bottom, and being feven inches diameter throughout, and fix inches deep from the top of the in-. jSdc to the bottom, or any veflel containing two hundred thirty •one cubical inches, *and no more, (hall be deemed and taken to *pca lawful wine gallon5 *nd it if hereby declared. That two

huq-

Z65

No undue preference, &c.

Subfequent

orders.

Orders affign-able.

Wine gallon afcertamed.

A cylinder.



*66 Avno.qaimoA*HM- \

*jx zpOomt a fcanjirrf fifty two galloot, confifttog qch^^taadndthit^1

*°* <rf, ****** one cubical inches, (ball he (wntd a ton of wine^ and (bait ia bun or fJ#e ^q,,^ twcotjr fix (ad) pUloas (ball be deemed a butt oc «7ai>«head.P>Pe °f wine, and that fixty three filch gallons (ballhe deemed $o hogfiead of wine.	-j

**•**■•XV1XI. And be k further enafted by the authority aforc&d* ioam^uisM That all the monies lent and to be lent unto her Mijefty on one how appro- ’*& of this feffioQ of parliament, intituled, A%r a/? for granting prated. a* aid to her Afajfo bj a to*, to be rajfed i* the ytarm* tbeoe~ 5 Aim. c. i. y2wi /even hundredand fevers, and lb much money {if any fiich bn J of the tut thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain {after all the loans made, or to be made upon that a&, and the iotereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raking the Aid tax, (hall be (atisfied, or money fuficient (hall be referred l« difchacgc the (ame) and all the monies lent and to be lent unto 5 Ann. c. ». her Majcfty upon one other a# of this fefiion of parliament* intituled. An ail far continuing the duties upon mail, mum, cyder, <md perry, for the Jervice of the year one thoufand five* hundred and from, and fo much money of the faid duties on malt, mum, cyder\ and perry thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain (aft ter all the loans made or to be made upon that adt, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the inte* reft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raifiag tbf faid duties thereby granted, (hall be (atisfied, or monies fuffici^ cot (hall be referred to difeharge the fame) and thefum not cr«* needing fifteen hundred thoufand pounds to be ifliied in Exchequer bills, purfuant to another a<S of this frfion of parliament, intituled. An ail for continuing the duties on houfes, to /court a parly fund for circulating Exchequer bills, whereby a fum not exceeding fifteen hundred thouGmd pounds is intended to be raffed for carrying on the war, and other her Msyefty’s occafions; and the film not exceeding eleven hundred and twenty thoufand pounds, mentioned and intended to be railed by another ad of 5 Ann. c. 19. (this feflion of parliament, intituled, An ail for continuing the dur ties on tow wines, and fpirits of the firjl extrailion, and the duties payable by hawkers, pedlarsand patty chapmen, and part of the duties an Jkunp’d vellum, parchment, and paper, and the late duties on fwetts, and the one third fubfidy of tonnage and poundage* and for fettiingmd tjlablijhsng a fund thereby, and by the application of ctr* take overplus monies* and otberwife, for payment of annuities to be fold for raijmg.a further fuppiy to her Maffty for tbefervice of the year am thoufand /even hundred and /even; and the (aid Cum Dot -exceeding eight hundred twenty two thoufend three hundred -eighty one pounds, fifteen (hillings and fix pence farthing, intended Jo be raMed upon this prefent aft, lhall be appropriated, ifbfedy and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated for or towards the feveral ufes xnd purpofes herein after exprefied Ordinary of (Chat is to (ky ) For or towards the defraying the charges of the ordnance*™	©f	her Majcfty’a navy, and for victuals, wages, wear.

5 Ann.c. 13.

tear, and other fervkrts of the navy, and the victualling thereof performed, and to he performed * and foy theida fcmee in

the

Digitized by L300Q le

1706.}	Annp quk»to AtW4*> 0,tY- .	4	67

the office of the ordnance, performed, and to b* performed; arid for or towards the making of a wharf a&d ftorehoufe at wharf at portfw*ti\ ^nd for or towards the land feryiqes perforated, ml Portfmouth, to be performed, by the office of ordnance; and to and/or fobr fiftence, off-reckonings, and clearings for one year, from the three and twentieth day of December, one thoftfand fewen huetr fired and fix, to her Majefty’s gyard* and gm*Mbn$ in Bngkwh Guards and )U}d the dominions thereunto belonging (inlandexcepted) and gamfons. the contingent charges of the fame, and for payment of invar lids for the faid year, beginning from the fajfi three and twentieth day of December, one thpuftnd feven hundred and fix; and for or towards the defraying thf charges pf jher Mejefty’s army., Armies in the fmd fych forces as are or (hall he added thereunto, in the Lew £?w c££n~ Countries or Germany, within or for one year, to be reckoned ,C8’ trom the faid three and twentieth day .of December* one thou?.

/and feven hundred and fix, and the contingent charges there*- v pnto belonging $ and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of eight tboufand men feqt to the armtance of the Proportions of duke of Savoy, tor the fervice of the year one thoufluad feven *he charge of hundred and feven; and for or towards the defraying the charge s^JBCnm of her Majefty’s forces, and additional forces to be employed Forces in in Spain or Portugaland for the general officers, contingencies, Spain and hofpitals, forage, and waggop money there, and for the garri- Portugah fonat Gibraltar, and for general officers fcrving the King of Gib^altar.^ Portugal* for the faid year one tboufand feven hundred and feven; and tor or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the further Recovery of xharges neceflary to profccute the fuccefles already gained by .fong Charles the Third, for the recovery of the monarchy of Spain to the houfe of Auflria; and for or towards the payment Treaties with of her Majefty’s proportion of the fubfidies due upon treaties allies, jnade or to be made with her Majefty’s allies, and other charges for the fervice of the war, for any time before or until the faid five and twentieth day of December; one thoufaad feven hundred and fevefi; and tor the paywnt of another year’s intereft tjnfatisfied on the unfetisfioi debentures charged upon the Irijb forfeitures; debentures, and for or towards tfie tranfportation of land forces performed and to be performed; and for or towards difeharging the preo- Exchequer miunts and other charges fpr circulating for another* year the bllls* bills commonly called the Exchequer bills, which were iffited before this feffiop of parliament; and for or towards the making Duke of good the (urn of fifty thoufend pounds which was advanced by Savoy, her	to	the	duke of Savoy, for the better defence of Turin,

Ohd for the fervice of the war in Italy, in the y6ar one tboufand feven hundred and fix; and fpr or towards the making good the Loan to the fum of forty feven thoufaod five hundred pounds, being her emperor. Majefty’s (bare of a loan to die emperor of Germany, for the fer-vice of the war in Italy, in the faid year one tboufand feven hundred and Cip ; and for or towards the making good the fum Expedition of fixty three tboufand fix hundred fixty one pounds, thirteen under earl Shillings, and fix pence, computed for levy-money, pay, and Rlvers* Contingencies of die force* fent on the expedition under the

command



Anrio quinto;ANNJE. c. 27.	£1706.

command of carl Rivers; and for or towards making good a fum not exceeding three thoufand.and fourteen pounds, for defraying her Majefty’s expence for the pay of the general officers of a body of thirteeh thoufand men of the troops of the King 1>f Portugal, purfuant to the treaty in that behalf, until the three and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred ancf fix; and for or towards making good a fum not exceeding twenty fix thoufand fix hundred ninety two pounds, thirteen fhillings and ten pence, three farthings, for defraying her Majefty’s fhare of the pay of three thoufand Palatine troops, pur-foant to the treaty wjjtn the ele&or Palatine, from the feventeenth day of Marche one thoufand feven hundred and five, to the three and twentieth day of December following; and for or towards a fum not exceeding thirty feven thoufand and twelve pounds, feven (hillings, and fix pence, for defraying her Majefty’s (hare of the agio bread and forrage, for twelve thoufand Prujjiam imployed in her Majefty’s fervice in the Netherlands % and for or towards a film not exceeding twenty thoufand pounds, H^^SfW°f ^0r an a<*ditional	to	the	landgrave	ofneJfeCaJfel for aug-

menting his troops, and marching them into Italy, and for defraying their expence of bread, waggons, and carriages,. and of hofpitals for their fick and wounded, for the fervice of the year 6ne thoufand feven hundred and feven; and for or towards the making good a fum not exceeding nineteen thoufand feven hundred fifty five pounds, nine (hillings, and fix pence, for defraying her Majefty’s proportion of the agio bread and forrage for Pruffi	*he ^ *wc*ve ^oufand Prujjkns, from their coming into her

an#*	Majefty’s fervice, until the faid three and twentieth day of Dr-

cember, one thoufand feven hundred and fix ; and for or towards the making good a fum not exceeding eleven thoufand feven hundred and eighty pounds, and eighteen (hillings, for defraying her Majefty’s proportion of the extraordinary charge for tn$ Augments- augmentation troops of the landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel imployed »ion troops of in Italy, from the twentieth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fix; and for or towards the making good a fum not exceeding thirty four thoufand fix hundred and feven pounds, thirteen (hillings, and five pence half penny, for levy-money to recruit feveral horfes of the foreign troops in her Majefty’s pay, that were killed or died of the common diftemper in Flanders, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and five; and for or towards tne making good a fum not exceeding eleven Levy-money, .hundred forty fix pounds, for a further allowance of levy-money for recruiting the horfes of the Englijh horfe and dragoons lo/t in the fame campaign in Flanders; and for or towards the making good a fum not exceeding feven thoufand five hundred fe-venty three pounds, for levy-money to recruit other horfes of the Englijh horfe and dragoons, and for officers horfes which died of the common diftemper after the faid campaign there, between the one and thirtieth day of Offober, one thoufand feven hundred and five, and the latter end of February following; and for or toward? the making good a fum not exceeding eleven

thoufand



Troops of Portugal.

Palatine

troops.

Pruflian

troops.

Digitized by LjOoq le

1706,}	Anno	quinto Ann-®, c.27..,	2.69^

thoafand tWQ hundred ninety eight pounds, for levy-money for recruiting the horfes of the Englijhhorfe and dragoons, which were killed and died of the common diftemper in the Low Countries between the firft day of May% one thoufandfeven hundred' and fix, and the one and thirtieth <fa£ of December following ; and for or towards the making good a fum n6t exceeding fix-teen thoufand fifty five pounds, twelve (hillings apd pence, for defraying her Majefty^s (hare of the levy-money for recruiting the horfes of the DaniJB tfoopfc /n the pay of England and Holland^ that were loft in the fame manner between the firft day of January, one thoufand feven-hundred and five, and the laft day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred and fix * arid for or towards the making:good a film not exceeding oneihotjfand feven hundred feventy five pounds* for fhe like lofs.fuftgined by the troops of Hanover in her Majefty’s pay during thejaft. campaign in Flanders; and for fatisfying and difeharging the fum*.of. three hundred ninety eight thoufand eighty five pourid^teniKil-lings, mentioned in the fifteemh article of the freity of union between England and Scotland, confirmed by aefts of parliament Equivalent in both kingdoms, being the equivafent to be anfwered by the money, faid article to Scotland, for fuch cuftonts and excii'e which Scotland' h to be charged with, and will be applicable to the debts of-England; and for enabling her Majefty to make a recompenceRecomperice not exceeding two thoufand fix hundred forty one pounds, to the *? t^ity mayor, aldermen, and citizens of the city of Cartijte> for fuch Car e* tolls as they are‘to be deprived of by the nxth article of the fa*i treaty of union I which recompence is to go to and for the fame ufes and purpofes to which the faid tolls ought to have been applied ; and for enabling her Majefty to make arecompehce, not exceeding five thoufand pounds, Xojojeph Mufgrave, Thomas Mufgrave^ and George Mufgrave, fons of Sir Chrijlopher Mufgrave baronet, deceafed, in full difeharge of all- tolls In Wejl-moreland and Cumberland, that were granted to Sir Philip Mufgrave baronet, by King Charles the Second, and which are fpe-cified in the grants of King James the Second, and King William the Third, to the late Sir Chrijlopher Mufgrave; and for. enabling her Majefty to apply what may be convenient for the better Securing the ifiands of Nevis and St.Cbri/lophers, and fop-plying them with neceflaries in order to a re-fettlement, and to no other ufes, intents, or purpofes whatfoever.

XIX. Provided always. That out of the monies to be iflued For to the guards and garrifons as aforefaid, there (hall and maybe nan<re of thc taken and applied any fum not exceeding eighty feven thouland mannes’ one hundred twenty five pounds ten (hillings, towards the charge of maintaining the foldiers raifed and to be raifed, for fea fervice, with their officers* and the contingent charges thereunto be-longing; and out of the monies to be iflued for the fervice of the navy and fea fervices, as aforefaid, there (hall be taken and applied fuch funis as, together with the faid fum, not exceeding eighty feven thoufand one hundred twenty five pounds ten lhil-lings, (hall be nefceflary for the charge of maintaining the faid'

foldiers



Annoquinto ANNA.1 c. a8,

/bldiers for fea fervite, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging^ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflarSding.

CAP. xxvm.

A» for raifing the militia for the year one thoufand feren hundred and feven, notvrithftandlng the mouth's pay formerly advanced be not repaid \ and far an account to be made ot trophy money.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for eafe of her Mdjefiy's fuhjefts in fetation to the duties uppn fait, and fpr making the like allowances upon, the exportation of white herrings, fiefti, oatmeal, and groin called beefy alias bigg, as are to be made upon exportation of the like from Scotland.

WHEREAS by the articles of union fretiveen thetingdmfs of England am Scotland* which are agreed upon and confirmed by an ait of this prefent parliament, there cue certain edneef-font made for the advantage of her Majejly's fubjefts of that part of* Great Britain called Scotland, in matters relating to the duties upon Article 8.	falty and other goods and merchandizes, as are herein after-mentioned)

whereby lerMajeJlfs fudjefts in tLn&hdy trading in fah and other the commodities herein .after particularly expreffed, will be liable tf great difadvantdges, unfefs previfion be jikewtje made for iheireiafi Forpreferving fad trade: we yourlVjtajefty’s mod autiftt and loyil fub-; an equality of je&s tbecpminqns,. in parliament aflembled^ l^lngdefirous that; trade.	there mav be as great an equality of trade as is polfible among

all your Majefty's fubjefis, do befeech your Majefty that i\ may be eria&ed, and be it enacted by the Queers molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and csiftnaons, in parliament afletdbled, Foreign fait and by the-authority of the fame. That air foreign'ftlt that (hall i"l5S^C^*oer bc*mPort°d Into the kingdom of Jzngland, dominion of lVaUs% to be^eighed, OF town Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the firft day of cellajed, and’ May, one thoufand (even hundred and feven, (hall, upon the locked up. landing thereof, be weighed, cellared, and Iodced Up iii the prefence of an officer for the duties oh fait, under the ciiftody, of the merchant or importer (who is to be at the charge of the cellarage or ftore-houfe) and fuch officer as the cbmmjflipners; for the duties on fait for the time being, (hall appoint, iii the-port or place where the fame (hall be foimportedana landed ; and. Merchant to that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the merchant or im-have any porter of the faid fait, from time to time, in the prefence of .an not unefer °®cer f°r tlie duties on fait* and by warrant or permit, under forty bufhels, foch officer’s hand and feal, to have what quantity thereof his payfngduty in occafions may require, not under a weigh or forty bu(hels at a fix months. time, giving fecurity for the duty of what quantity he receives, payable in fix months time after the delivery of any fuch fait; and in cafe fuch merchant or.im porter (hall pay ready money upon the delivery of the fait, he (half have after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum out of the faid duties abated him.

II. And

EXP.

Digitized by L^ooQle

1706.]	Aanaquinto	Aiwa c.29.	47k

II.	And It ifr farther dna&td by* the authority afo/efeid, Penalty on That if fuch foreign fait imported, (hail not, upon the landing la?din{F thereof, be ftcured, as aforefaid', the fame (halt be liable’ fo pay- /b^ured,11 ioeM of duties, and to fuch penalties and forfeitures, for not or removing paying or fecuring fuch duties, as if thisadV had not been made; it without find that no fait fo cellared and locked up, as aforefaid, (hall be Permit* removed from any fuch cellar of place, without notice firft given aoche officer appointed for tbaft purpofe, and without a warrant or permit for conveying the fame, as aforefaid, upon pain of for^ foiling fuch fahy and all fo upon pauldf forfeiting ten lhillings per buihel, and alfo thefom of twenty pounds for every fuch offence, to be recovered from the perfon or perfons who imported the lame; attd that every Carrier, or perfoii who fhall carry, convey, dr remove any faoh fait without notice* firft given to the officer, and without a wamnt or permit for conveying the fame, (hall be liable to the Wke forfeitures of teti (hillings per bu(hel, and aifo twenty pounds for every Aach offence.

c III. Provided rteverthelefs, That where the whole quantity Provifo if of foreign fait, liable to duty, imported in any (hip or veflel, quant,tya-dues not amount to forty bufhds, the duties (hall be paid and forty^ufhds. feCttfed, according to the provifions made by former laws •, any thing herein to* the contrary notwithfta&ding.

• IV. And whereas fait tarried coajhxdfe it or may be liable to wqfie, Allowances bo it erta&ed by the authority aforefaid^ That any merchant of perfon who, from and after the faid firft day of fifty, one tftou-: fend feven hundred and feven, (hall (hip any Etrglr/b felt, of cock felt, to be carried coaftwife, {viz.) from one port of Eng* ~	"

lend or Wales, or the port of Berwick upon Tweed, to any port of England or Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the duties having ■« . . been paid, or feOiired to be paid, according to former laws, (half	-	1

have an allowance made to him,' after the rate of three bufhela for every forty bulhels of Enghjh white felt, and after the ratd Of one bufhel and an half for every forty bulhels of Englijb roct felt fo (hipped to be carried coaftwife, and proportionably for This claufi greater of lefs quantity, in confideration of the ordinary wade1 explained by m the carnage thereof, which allowance (hail be made but once * ^nn‘ c%1*-for the feme felt, although fuch felt be carried from feveral ports *x* eoaftwife, as afbrd&id, and the proper officer of the port, where fiich felt or rock fait (hall be firft (hipped to be carried coaftwife, (hall not only exprefsnhe fcid allowance on the ebaft coc-ftuet or tranfire for the feme, but alfo give gratis to the faid merchant, or othet4 perfon there (hipping the fame, a certificate tinder hand and feal, of the number of bufhels of felt fo ihippedy and how much the allowance hereby directed to be made at the rates aforefaid doth amount to, which certificate being produced to the officer who firft received the duties of the laid fait, or took fecurity for the fame, the officer laft-mention-ed (hall repay fo much money as he received for duties of the j^y^fnt oV feid fait, or rock fait, as is to be allowed for wafte, as aforefaid; duties on rock and if the duties thereof (hall not then have been paid in mo- fait.

ney,



Digitized by

Google

2}2

9 ihonthson other EoglHh frit.

Allowances for white her rings export-

Farther provi-fian relating hereto,

6 Ann. c. 11. C 3-

Exported and relanded, for-feited, and aos. per barrel.

Anno quinto	A>NHM. jc. 29^ [ 170^

: my, then the faid officer (hall difcoutjt the fni aOafytance for waftc on the faid fecurity.	, ' . ' "

V.	And it is hereby enafted, That in all cafes. where, by the , former laws relating to the duties on fait, the time f<*r payment,

pf the duties on rock fait is appointed to be nine months, there . (hall be twelve months time allowed, inftead of the faid.nmo. months; and where the time for payment of the duties On other Englijb fait is by the faid former laws appointed to fix months^ there (hall be nine months time allowed inftead of the faid (i* months $ and the fecurities and difeounts for prompt payment after the faid firft day of May next, (hajl be regulated accord-, ingly.	,

VI.	And be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid,. * That for all white herrings, which (hall, from and after the faid

$rft day of May, ope thoufand feven hundred and feven, be. exported from any port or place in the kingdom of England* do-: minion of Wales,, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy to partst beyond the feas, by any perfon pr perfons whatfoever, there (hall be the like allowances as are tp be made upon the exporta-* tion of white herrings from Scotland, to be, paid by the offices appointed to colledi the duties upon fait in the fame port from Whence any fuch herrings (hall be exported, within thirty day* after .a demand thereof, on a debenture to be prepared by the colle&or of the cuftoms where fuch herrings (hall be entred out for exportation, and verified by the perfon executing the office of fearcher in fuch port, as to the Quantity of herrings actually, (hipped, and that the fame were well cured, and merchantable,: and full packed, and that the oath, of the exporter or agent be, be firft taken before the principal officers of the faid, port, be-, fore the debenture be allowed, who are hereby required and im-powered to give the faid oath. That the herrings in fuch de-, benture mentioned were cured with fait, for which the dqtiest had been paid, and not drawn back, and that the fame is really exported to parts beyond the feas, and not relanded or intended to be relanded in England, Wales, or Berwick uponTwted\ for. which debenture no fee or reward (hall be taken $ and in cafe, the officer hereby diredled to pay fuch debenture, (hall not have, (ufficient money in his hands to pay the fame, then upon certificate thereof by him made (whicn certificate he is hereby required to give the party gratis) the principal commiffiooers /on managing her Majefty’s revenue of excife upon fait for the time, being, (hall be chargeable with the faid payment, to.be made in courle out of the firft money in their hands, anting put o£the duties upon fait; and that it (hall and may be .Iqwfp^for the officers of the faid duties on fait, in the feveral and relpe&ive ports of the kingdom of England, dominion of /%/*f,artd town of Berwick upon Tweed, upon the exportation of anyherrings, as aforefaid, and before the fame (hall be laid on board for ex^ portation, to mark any calk, barrel, or other veflel, wherein •any fuch herrings (hail be exported, to the intent it tp*y bq known that fuch herrings have been exported, and allowances

obtained

*73

i 7o6.J	Ahtio	<}uifito	AitttM. c. 29.

obtained on importation thereof, in cafe the fame, or any part thereof, (hall be relanded and reimported.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Allowances That ih cafe arty fuch herrings (hall, after the fame (nail be ex- f°rraI£d beef ported, be rdanded or reimported, all the faid herrings fo re-^JJ ^ landed or reimported (hall be forfeited and loft, and twenty 9 (hillings per barrel for every barrel thereof, and fo in proportion fdr a greater or lefler quantity, to be recovered of the importer r'

Or proprietor thereof.

VIII* And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thart,,;*<*- to be for every barrel of falted beef or pork, which (hall be exported pC*b*r‘fc for fale from1 any port of this kingdom, dominion of Wdles, or 3Geo.». c.*o. town of BeHHick upon Tweed, to parts beyond the feas, after the*. 16.

(aid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feven,*Jf”v^^ by any perwn or perfons whatfoever, there (hall be for each bar- 5 Gco> **Ct 6# rel the like allowances as are to be allowed upon exportation of fuch beef and- pork exported from Scotland, which allowance (hall be paid by the officer appointed to colledt the duties upon fait, in the fame port from whence any fuch beef or pork (hall be exported, within thirty days after demand thereof, on a debenture to be prepared by tne colle&or of the cuftoms where fuch beef or pork (hall be entred out for exportation, and verified by the perfon executing the office of fearcher in fuch . port, as to the quantity of beef and pork actually (hipped for mej and that the fame is good and merchantable, and that the* oath of the exporter or agent be firft taken before the principal' officers of the faid port, before the debenture be allowed, who are hereby required and impowered to give the faid oath. That the beef of pork in fuch debenture mentioned, was falted with fait for which the duties had been paid, and not drawn back, and that the fame is really exported to parts beyond the feas for file, and that any part thereof was not fpent, or intended to be fpentfor the (hip’s ufe, and was not relanded, or intended to be ndanded ; for which debenture no fee or reward (hall be taken : and in cafe the officer hereby directed to pay fuch debenture,

(hall not have fufficient money in his hands to pay the fame, then upon certificate thereof by him made, (which certificate he is hereby required to give the party gratis) the principal com-mi(Iioners for managing her Majefty’s revenues of excife upon fait for the time being, (hall be chargeable with the faid payment, to bb.made in courfe out of the firft money in their hands arifing out of the duties upon fait: and that it (hall and may be lawful for the officers for the faid duties on fait, in the feve-ral and refpc&ivc ports of the kingdom of England, dominion of IValet, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, upon the exportation of any beef or pork, and before the fame (hall be laid on board for exportation, to mark any cafk, barrel, or other veflel wherein any fuch beef or pork (hall be exported, to the intent it may be known that fuch beef or pork has been exported, and allowances obtained on exportation thereof, in cafe the fame, or , any part thereof, (hall be relanded or reimported.

Vol. XL	T	IX.	And

Digitized by

Google'

274	AnmxJuiiMxy	Anka,	[17061

Exported and IX. And be it further enadted by the authority afpreCai, a That in cafe any beef or pork fhall, after the fame fbafi be aoaTper bar- exported, be reianded or reimported, all the (aid beef or perk rci.	fo relanded or reimported (hall be forfeited and loft, and forty'

(hillings per barrel for every barrel thereof* and fo in proportion for a greater or letter quantity, to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof.

Allowances X. And whereas by the aforefaid ariieles of union* it is provided, tor oatmeal <j^at from after the unton there Jhall be certain dlloumotes for ait b&SS" oatmeal, and t™» called beer, experts from Scotland* be k toed, &rc. ^ aded by the authority aforefaid, That for all oatiheal* and yarn called beer alias bigg, which from and after the (aal tin# <by of May, one thoufand (even hundred and fovea# (ball be exported* from any port of this kingdom of England, dofpiason of Piles, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, to parts beyond the Sens, toy any merchant, or other perfon or perib&s wbatfoever, them (hall be the like pramum given upon the exportation thcndoC, as is to be given upon exportation of oatmeal and beer (nm> Scotland ; fuch merchant or other perfon firft bringing a certificate in writing under his or their hands, containing the quart-* tity of fuch oatmeal, or beer alias bigg, fo (hipped, to the cot-ledor or other perfon appointed, or to be appointed for the tame being, to colled: the duties or rates anting by cuftonts within any fuch port, and making, proof of fuch certificate by one* or more credible perfon or perfone upon their oaths, (which oaths the faid collector, or other perfon, is hereby authorized ' and required to adminifter) and giving bond in the fum of tdn pounds at lead for every ton of oatmeal fo (hipped, confiding: of twenty hundred weight, and for every forty buthels of beer alias bigg, fo (hipped, and fo proportionably for a greater or letter quantity. That the fame (hall be fo exported to parts beyond the (eas, and not be relanded; which premium • every merchant, or other perfon fo (hipping off any fuch oatmeal, or beer alias bigg, and giving certificate and bond, as afoie&sd, (hall have and receive from foch collector, or other perfon, a5 aforefaid, in any port refpe&ivdy where the fame mail be ib (hipped, out of her Majefty’s revenue of the cuttoms, and upon certificate returned under the common feal of the chief an-giftrate in any place or places beyond the feas, or under the' Sands and feals of two known Eugkfl) merchants upon the pbee, that fuch oatmeal, or beer aUas bigg, was there landed, or upon prpof by credible perfons that fuch oatmeal, or beer aEas bigg, was taken by enemies, or peri (tied in the feas; which proof being made, or certificate delivered tp the ooUeftor* or other perfon, who took bond, ?as aforefaid, the find bond (hall be delivered up to fuch merchants or other perfon* ot his order, to. be cancelled, without any fee for the fame.

Penalties, &c. XL And be it ena&ed by, the. authority aforefaid* That all how dirtribut-penalties and forfeitures given by this or any former law rdated.	ing	to the duties of excite upon fait, (hall be efittributed in man-

ner following; (that is fay) one moiety thereof to the Queen*

her

Digitized by kjOOQle

iyo6.]	Atfrto	^uinto	ANttjfi. £.tg.	275

her h^lts *rtd fticceflbfs, and the Other mofcty thereof fo the officer of officers who (hsill feirfe; fue, dr inform for the farte, tb be recovered by acftkrn of debt, bill, plaint, or information ift any of her Majefty’s courts Of record at Wejhn'mjler.

XII.	And be it ena&ed by fhe authority aforefaid, and it is Perfons hav-hereby declared. That all and every perfoh and perfons, who *ng exported have exported any fait, or rock fait, out of the kirtgdort °f entitled^a f Eagbnd, dominion 6f WhleS, of town of Berwick upoh Tweedy drawback, and landed the farte in the kingdom of Ireland, although the fame Wraa entred in England, oti the exportation thereof, for other foreign patts, arid afterwards landed in Ireland, fuch per-fon or peffdns haring (b landed the fame iri Ireland, (hall be ert-	1

titled to a debenture or drawback of the faid duty of fuch fait, rtotwlthftanding the fame was entred foT other foreign parts and alf fuits at profecutions commenced, or to be Commenced again# any perfort or perfons having exported fuch fait or rock fait for foreign parts, and landed the fame, as aforefaid, (hall dtfcfe and determine.

rXIII. Provided always, and be it further erfa&ed by the ail- Battiotbence-tfctofity aforefaid. That from and after the faid firit day Of May, forth, unleft one thou land fcven hundred and feven, there lhall be no deben- entry at ex-ture made out or drawback allowed for any fait of rock fait ^rtation be landed in Ireland after the faid firft day of May, Ofie thoufand feveh port^iiTret hundred and feven, unleft the ehtfy of the fame felt at expor- fend, tfctkm* be made for forte port in the kingdom of Irlland.

XIV.	And whereas white foil and rock foU ih the exportation Allowances fown Englandto Ireland, are liable to zuafte, be ii therefore en- for waftc. adtfed by the authority aforefaid, That frort and after the faid Bfft day of May, upon producing fuch a Certificate as is by law	y

inquired, from the collector and proper officers of the port or pface in Ireland, of the quantity of what white fait and rock fait Was there landed, the exporter or proprietor of fuch white fait apd rotfc fait ftiall hslve art allowance of four bulhels for every' forty bb(heft of white fait, and of two for every forty biifhels df fock fait put on board in England in order to be exported to IMbnd, in confideration of the ordinary wafte in the carriage thereof; and a debenture Or debentures lhall be iflued out gratis accordingly, by the collector or proper officer of the port or (tfacefri England, frort whence fbch white fail* oV rock fait was eipdrtd!, and the ftrtefhall be allowed or paid to the exporter ok dropHAor, in like manner as debentures are or (hall be pay-exported.

XV; Md whereas bf an all of parliament made in the firft year , w. & M. df thr reign of the late King William and ghtech Mary of blejfed felT. 1. c. n. memory, intituled, An act fdr the encouraging the exportation of torn, is was amongfl other things therrby enabled, That every fuch mtribant by the foid all deferibed, Jhipping any malt or barley, rye, or wheat, and giving certificate and bond as the foid all dir ells, /ball have and receive from the farmers, commiffioners, colleSlors, or other perfons appointed or to be appointed for the time being, to cclleSI the duties and rates arifing by tujloms, within any fuch port where the

T 2	foid



2 j6	Anno	quinto Ann.®, c. 29.	[1706.

'	faid corn Jball be flipped off, for every quarter of barky or mat,

ground or unground, two fliflings and fix pence; for every quarter of rye, ground or unground, three Jhillings and fix pence , for every quarter of wheat, ground or unground, five flillings: and whereas fince the making of the faid aft there have been divers quantities of malt made of wheat, fome part whereof have been exported, and feme ^ doubts have artfen touching J he bounty-money to be paid upon the exportation thereof , to the difcouragement of the exportation of'com : Exporters of and for clearing thereof, and for preventing future difputes malt to have touching the fame; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, js.Mrquar. That .every merchant or other perfon exporting malt made of money!*11*" wheat, from and after the faid firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feven, (hall have and receive of the faid farmers, commiflioners or perfons aforefaid, five (hillings for every quarter of malt made of wheat, or wheat malt, ground or unground, to be paid by the refpedtive perfons in the faid recited adt mentioned.	♦

No exporters XVI. And whereas by the feveral afts of parliament for laying of rock fait, duties on rock fait, and fait refined from rock fait, the exporters of reader fame ^raw more money from *he fait revenue than they pay tO' allowance, See. her Majefly; for prevention thereof, be it ena&ed by the au-on exporta- thority aforefaid. That from and after the faidfirft day of May,* tionthan what one thoufand feven hundred and feven, no perfon or perfons "rid^rdutv who (hall export rock fait, or fait refined from rock (alt, (hall j£!# r uty* have any other or greater allowance on prompt payment and 10 & 11W. 3. exportation of the lame, by way of debenture, than what really c.	and bona fide was before paid for the duty of the faid fait; and

1 Ann. fiat. i. that no perfon giving bond and fecurity for the faid duty, pay-»&lAnn, able within the time limited by law, and paying the fame in c. 14?	*	twenty eight days after giving the faid fecurity, (h5l be emitled,

4 Ann. c. 1*. on exportation from England, Wales, or Berwick, to any other advantage than to fuch a debenture as (hall difeharge the bond and fecurity only given for the payment of the faid duty. Importers of XVII. And whereas foreign fait imported is allowed to be cellared, foreign fait dr put into warehoufes, and the duties thereof are to be paid or featred SffSdu.	as	in	this	aft	is mentioned , be it enadled by the an-

tics for the* thonty aforefaid. That all merchants and other perfons import*, full quantity ing fuch foreign fait, from and after the firft day of May, one cellared, &c. thoufand feven hundred and feven, (hall be, and are hereby charged with the duties for the full quantity of fait (b cellared, or put into warehoufes; and if upon clearing any cellar or ware-houfe, in which the faid fait was locked up, there be anj want of the faid quantity, the importer or importers of the Laid fait fo wanting (hall be anfwerable for the fame $ any things,herein contained to the contrary notwith^anding.

4 Ann. c. 6. XVIII. And whereas by a claufe in an aft paffed in thejafi fijfion f. 35.	of this prefent parliament, intituled, An adt for continuing an ad-

ditional (ubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and certain daties upon coals, culm, and cynders, and additional duties of ex-cife, and for fettling and eftablifhing a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, /or payment of annuities to be fold for

raifmg

Digitized by

Google

1706.]	Anno quinto Ann-®. c.30.	277	-

raifrng a further fupply to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and other ufes therein mentioned, all intereft on bonds entred into, and duo and payable before the fixth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and five, by merchants and others, for the cuftoms, additional duties, impofe-tions, and other duties on goods and merchandizes imported into the kingdom of England, was thereby difeharged, provided the principal fums ficured by fuch bonds were paid before the firft day of June, one Merchant! of thoufand feven hundred and fix 5 and whereas feveral merchants and Biiftol, who others of the city of Briftol bad, before the /aid firft day of June, paid 30881. one thoufand feven hundred and fix, taid feveralJitms of money, ^ amounting in the whole to the fum of three thoufand eighty eight given for cu-poundsy eight /hillings, in to the collector of the cujloms of the ports ftomt, &c. there, for the intereft of Jtveral principal fums of money, upon feveral bonds by them given for cuftoms, ana other duties of goods and merchandize by them imported into the faid port of Briftol, which principal monies they had alfo before that time paid, and which principal monies and intereft have been fince applied to the ufe of the pub-lick ; and it is equally juft that thofe monies fo paid for intereft fhould be allowed back to the Jaid per Jons, as the other intereft fhould be forgiven t o 'the faid perfons, pUrfuant to the faid bef ore-mentioned claufe; be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Lordtreafnrer it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord high treafurer, orto direft col-commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three °£cu" or more of them, to direft tne colleftor of the cuftoms of the Briftol? to re-faid port of Briftol for the time being, out of the monies which pay the fame, (hall be at the time of fuch direftion in the hands of fuch col-leftor, upon account of cuftoms, additional duties, impofitions, and other duties on goods and merchandizes refpeftively, imported there, or which lhall from thence next after come into his hands upon that account, and fuch colleftor is hereby authorized and required accordingly to refund and repay to the -faid feveral merchants and others, (who paid in the faid three thoufand eighty eight pounds, eight (hillings) their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, the fum and fums of money fo paid in by all and every fuch merchants, or others 3 and that thereupon, and upon the faid colleftor’s producing receipts and ac- * quittances for fuch fum and fums, fuch colleftor (hall be allowed the fame upon his account, as if the fame had been by him paid upon account of drawbacks for goods exported 5 any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the better fecuring her Mfljefifs purchafe of Cotton Houfe in Weftminfter.

WHEREAS Sir John Cotton, late of Weftminfter in the county of Middlefex, baronet, was in the twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, of glorious memory, feized for the term of his life, with remainder to John Cotton the grand-fin, (now Sjr John Cotton, baronet) and the heirs male of hit body, with other remainders, of and in the capital meffuage called Cotton

Houfe,

Digitized by

Google

278	Anno quinto ANN-ffi. c. 30.	[1706.

Houfe, and the gardens and buildings ufed and e?ijoyed with the fame being in the parifl) of St. Margaret’*, Wcftmintter, in the county of Middlefex ; and being fo fixed, in the faid twelfth year of the reign of the faid late King William, at the requeft of the faid Sir John Cotton the grandfather, in the ahfcnce of thefaid Sir John A . - Cotton the grandfon beyond the feas, an aft of parliament, intituled, ine Cotton * An a<^ ^or better fettling and preferving the library kept in Houle and li- t^ie houfe at IVeJhninfier, called Cotton Houfe, in the name and brary.	family of the Cottons, for the benefit of the publick, was madey

H&13W. 3. thereby reciting, That Sir Robert Cotton, late of Connington in c* 7*	the county of Huntingdon, baronet, did, at his own great charge

and expence, and by the affflance of the mojl learned antiquaries of his '	time,	colleft and purchaje the mojl ufeful manuferipts,	written booksy

papers, parchments, records, and other memorials, in mojl languagesy of great ufe and firvice for the knowledge and prefervation of our con/litution both in church and Jlate ; which manuferipts and other writings were procured, as well from parts beyond the feas, as from fever al private colleft on offuch antiquities within this realm, and are '	generally	ejlcemed the befl collefticn of its kind now any where extant ;

and that the faid library had been preferved and very much augmented by the late Sir Thomas Cotton, fon of thefaid Sir Robert, and by the faid Sir John Cotton, and was lodged in the faid Sir John’i ancient manfion houfe at Weftminfter 5 and that the faid Sir John, in purfuance of the defires and intentions of his faid father and grandfather, was content and willing that the faid manfion houfe and library fbould continue in his family and name, and not be fold or otherwife difpofed or imbezilted, and that the faid library Jbould be kept and preferved by the name of the Cottonian Library, for publick ufe and advantage, it is enafted. That from and after the death of the faid Sir John Cotton the grandfather, the faid manfion houfe, with the gardens and all other appurtenances, and alfo all the faid library or colic ft ion of manuferipts, written bocks, papers, parchments, records, and other memorials mentioned and named in a fchedule then and nous remaining in the faid library, together with all coins, medals, and other rarities and curioftties in the faid library then and now contained, be Jet tied, limited, and vejled in the trujlees therein after named% to have, hold, and enjoy, to them and their fuccefTors for ever, to the ufes, intents, and purpofes therein mentioned (that is to fay) as for » the faid houfe, gardens, and appurtenances, other than the room where the faid library then was, or then after might be lodged, and a convenient way, pafjage, and re fort to the fame, at the will and diferev tion cf the heirs of the family, and the library therein after-mentioned, to the only proper ufe and behoof of the faid now Sir John Cotton the grandfon and heir of the late Sir John Cotton, and after his deceafe, to the firjl and every the fon and fins of his body to be begotten, and the heirs male of the body of fuch fin or fins ijfuing fuc-ceffivcly, with other remainders as therein are particularly mentioned, remainder to the right heirs of the faid Sir John Cotton (now living) gramfen and heir of the faid late Sir John Cotton, for ever \ and as for and concerning the faid library and room wherein the fame then was, or fhould be contained, together with a convenient pajjdge

‘	for

Digitized by

Google

i^o6.]	Abne quiftto Ann*, c. 30.	^279

for ref&rtikg ihbreunto, upon this truft and confidente, that the /^Truftces for truflees cmd theirfttcctffors Jhould and would, frdm time to time, managing tie at eUl times hereafter, as octafim jhould require, injpeft, cotifvdt+ atti library, toil iwri of the fetid library, and otbfr particulars above-mentioned, and alfo moke and appoint fuch orders and rules as they- /ball think proper for the reading and ufing the fame, and for iheir better prefer-vation \ and to the intent or pnrpbfe that the faidtrufleer, or the m-jor part of them, jhould nominate and appoint a good and fuffilient per Jon, well read in antiquities and records, to have the immediate care and euftody of the faid library.	And it is thereby further emitt-

ed, *Tbat the faid houfe, with the appurtenances, and the library,'and ether particulars aforefaid, Jhould never be fubjeft or liable to any judgments, ftatutes, recognizances, or any other incumbrances, nor Jhould ever be fold or aliened, forfeited, or forfeitable, upon any account or pretence whatfoever 5 and further that the lord chancellor or lord keeper for the time being, the honourable Robert Hariey; ejquire, thenfpeaker of the houfe of commons, the honourable the fpeaker of the houje of commons for the time being, the lord chief juftice of the King'i Bench for the time being, Sir Robert Cotton of Hatley St. George in the county of Cambridge, Knight, Philip Cotton of Conningtorv in the faid county efquire, Robert Cotton of Giddin in the countf of Huntington, efquire, and William Hahbory, of the Inner Temple, London, efquire, jhall be the truftees, to and far the purpojes aforefaid \ and in cafe of the deceafe of any of the d-forefaid lajl recited four perfons, the faid $rr John Cotton tqtgrand-foh, or other heir male of the find family,' who Jhould be in pojfejfion, or entitled to the pojfejfion of the manfion houfe, by virtue of the limitations therein recited, Jhould nominate and appoint one or more fit perfons to fucceed him or them, and fupply the place of him or them fo dying.	And whereas ftnee the making of the faid aft very little

hath been done in purfuance thereof, to make the Jaid library vfeful to the publick, except what has been lately done at her Majjfif s charge, andthere is no way or pajfage to it fet out as the aft aid dire ft, nor cart there be any pajfage to the fame but through the befi rooms of the houfe, which would render the houfe wholly ufelefs to the fdntily, fo that the library cannot be reforteiunto; nor have any orders or rules been appointed for reading or ufmg the fame, and thereby the publick is wholly deprived of the benefit and advantage dtfigned by the aft; and the place wherein the library was then contained, was a narrow little room, damp, and improper for preferring the books and papers ; and the condition thereof having been humbly reprefented to the Queer?s mofi excellent maiejly * her Majtjly, to the intent fo great a treafure of beets and manuferipts, fo generoufiy given for the publick fnvice, migot not remain any longer ufilefs, and its danger of perijhbtg for want 0} due eare; and that it may be in her Mqjejbfs power to make this rnojl valuable eollefthn ufeful to her own fubjefts, and to all learned grangers, -did give directions for treating with the faid Sir John Cotton for the purebafeof the faid Cotton Houfe and gardens, and an a- Cotton houfe greement hasbeen made for thepurcbdfmg the inheritance thereof, for purchafed by the fum of fotur fa	'hundred	pounds, which her Majefiy thc(^.eentor

Digitized by C^ooQle

?8o	Anpoquiato	An««.	e*£0.

*batbdireBed to hepaidon tU invejting the inheritance of the promiffet in her Majejly, her biin andfiuce£fm% which carwtbeduu bmebf fifl tf partiamtnty the faid recited afl having direBed itJhay io6t be fold or aliened: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Mae-Jelly, at the humble fpit and petition of the tud Sir John Cat ten the grandfon, that it may be enured ; and be it ena&ed by cbe Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Coton Houfib the faid capital meffuage, called Cotton Houfa and the gardens and gardens, and buildings ufed and enjoyed with the fame, with their ?{*-&c. yefted in purtenances, (hall be, and are hereby veiled in her Majefty, her teiiSr&c*hCr an^ facceflors * an<l her Majefty, her heirs and fuccdXbrs, h ' lhall for ever have, hold, and enjoy the lame, againft the /aid Sir John Cotton the grandfion, and againft all and every the Tons of the faid Sir John Cotton, to be begotten, and the heirs male of the bodies of fuch fon or fpns, and againft all and every other perfon and perfons claiming or to claim by virtue of any of the yfes or limitations contained in the faid recited adt, and againft the heirs of the bodies of Sir Thomas Cotton, and dame Mu hrs wife, both deceafed, and againft the right heirs of the laid Sir Thomas Cotton, and againft all and every perfon and per ions claiming or to claim, bv, from, or under the faid Sor Jab* Cotton deceafed, and freed and difeharged of and from their ns£» pedlive titles and eftate,

II* And it is hereby further ena&ed and declared. That a convenient room lhall be built on or near part of the laid ground, hereby intended to be vefted in her Majefty, as her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, (hall by writing under the lign manual ap-,point ; in which room, when built, all the faid manuferipts, written books, papers, parchments, records, and other memorials, as alfo all coins, medals, and other rarities and curiofities in the fcid library contained, lhall be lodged, and there remain tp all pofterity; and the laid room, when built, lhall for ever be Ted the Cotto-	known	by the name of the Cottonian Library; and

iiian library. * from the building thereof, the faid library lhall be managed and idiredted by the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feat ol England for the time being, the honourable Robert HarUy, Efqj principal fecretary of (late, the honourable the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being, the lord chief juftiee of the Queen's Bench for the time being, Sir Robert Cotton of Hatley £/. George in the epunty of Cambridge, Knt. Philip Cotton of Connington in the fjud county, Efq; Robert Cotton of Giddin in the county of Hunting!ony Efq; and William Hanbury of the Inner Temple London^ Efq; and their fpcceffors, as truflecstoaod for the ufe of the publick for ever\ and in cafe any of the laid recited fppr perfons (hould happen to die, the faid Sir John Cotton, pr Qther heir male of his family for the time being, (hall nominate *nd appoint one or more fit perfon or perfons for the time fcfiog, tp lucc$ed 1pm or them, and tp fupply the place of him

•	, -	‘	PT

A convenient room to be built for the hhrary,

Truflees an*



281

iyttf.]	.	-	AitoJ&.t. *$o.

mrtfceib fodyktgvandfo mfesfuMios, as any of the (kid Iaft fouitwi(fees, mrbthcrs Succeeding them Audi happen to die.

• Ulx<ii&A the iteaa&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all 4hefind manufcriprv written books, papers, parchments, re-CordVand other meanorhl^ as alfo all coins, medals, rarities, and curiofities in the laid library, hereby intended to be lodged in the laid room when rebuilt, (hall be under the fame regulati?-«ons, dtredlions, and management of the faid truftees, to all intents and purpofes, as the prefent library and every thing therein contained, now is by the faid reeited ad liable and fubjedfc to; andafit perfon for library keeper, (hall be appointed by the faid truftefes from time to time as they or the major part of them, (hall think fit; and the laid library, and library keeper, (hall be Un every refped under the fame directions and government as the prefent library and library keeper by the (aid recited a& are ItibjeA to, except where the fame is herein particularly altered*

IV.	Saving to ail and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fuccefibrs (other than and except the laid Sir John Cotton the grandfon, and his fon and Ions, begotten or to be begotten, and the heirs males of the ibodie9 of Inch fon and fans, and other than the perfon and perfons claiming or to claim by virtue of, or under any of the ufes or limitations contained in the (aid recited a&, and other than the heirs of the bodies of Sir Thomas Cotton and dame A&u hia wife, and other than the right heirs of the faid Sir Thtmas ■Cotton* and other than the perfon and perfons claiming or to claitny by, from, or under the faid Sir Thomas Cotton dccczkd) all fuch right, tide, eftate, intereft, or demand^ into or out of the faid premifies hereby vefted in her Majefty as aforefaid, as they or any of them had or might enjoy if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in -any wife not with Sanding.

V.	And to the intent that an equivalent in lieu of the faid houfe, called Cotton Houfe> gardens and buildings, hereby veiled ia her Majefty, may be fettled to the fame ufes the faid houfe gardens and buildipge were fetded and limited by the faid recited a<5t of parliament; be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* (aid. That the faid Sir John Cotton, or his heiT9, (hall before or

.at the time of receiving the faid four thoufand five hundred pounds from her Majefty by good and fufficlent conveyances and aflarances in the law* convey and affure lands, tenements, and hereditaments of inheritance in the coafities of Huntingdon or Btdfcrd, or one of them, part of the prefent eftate of the find Sir John Cotton, of the dear anhual value of three hundred pounds beyond ordinary reprizes, free from all incumbrances, to the ufeiof him the faid Sir John Cotton* for and during the term of his natural life, and after his deceafe, to the ufe of the firft, and every other fon and forts of the body of the faid Sir John Couonvto be begotten* and the heirs males of the body of Inch fon or fans ifluing fucceffively ; and for default of luch

iflue.

library to be under the fame regulations as at prefent.

Salvo of right to all periods,

Ac.

Exception.

\

Sir John Cotton to fettle 300I. per annum in lieu of Cotton Houfe.

To the ufe of himfelf, &c.

Digitized by i^ooQle

ch	Aanocpdttfip	c.gr.	fi70*.

Mbe, to lie ufe of Thomas Cotton* brother of the land Sir^jfci Ccttan* far the term of his natural fife $ and after iw dtetafa, to the ole of the firftamicfcry other too and fom of-the body of the U Thomas 00 he begotten facaffitdy, and OP the halt nbof the body of loch fan and ions; vsdforde&nkof fuch ifte, to the ofe of ibbri Otter of Ciddm in the county of Huntingdon* Eiq; node of the hid Sir JdA* Cotton* far the term of Ids natural life; aid afar his dcccafc, to tbcufeuf Cotton, km of the faid Robert Cottont, far his aatani hfe; and after hddeaate, ftp the ufe of the orft and every other fen and fans of the faid John Cotton to be begotten faoccffiuriy, and the heirs males of their bodies iffaing; and far defadt of foch ifiu, to the ufe of all and every other die fan and fans of the body of the faid Robert to be begotten, and the heirs males of the bodies of fuch fan or fans faooefively; and far default of faefa i/fce, to the life of Sit. Robert Cotton of Hathy St. George in the county of Cambridge, knight, for his natural life; and after hb dcoeafe, to the ufe df the nrft and every other fan and foes of hit body to be begotten, and the heirs males of the bodies of fech fan and fans iffaing facoeffivdy; and for default of foch iffiie, to the ufe of Phibp Cotton of Connmgton m tbeoounty of Cambridge, efq; for his natural life ; and after his deoeafe, to the ufe of the firft and every other fan and foas of his body to be begotten, and the heirs males of the bodies of foch fan and fens UTuing fucceffively; and for default of fuch iflue, to the ufe of Thomas Cotton of Gotten in Hie county palatine of Cheffer, efcft far the term of his natural life; and after his deceafe, to theufeof the firft and every other the fan and fans of his body to be begotten, and the heirs males of the bodies of fuch fan aod font iffomg fucceffively ; and for default of fuch iflue, to the ufe of the right heirs of the faid Sir John Cotton for ever.

Lands, &c. VL And be it cna&cd by the authority aforefaid. That the when faded faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, when fettled as a-left to future" ^ore^ fh*U never he fubjett or liable to any future judgments, judgments, * ftatutes, recognisances, or incumbrances, nor (hall ever be fold Sec.	or aliened, forfeited or forfeitable by the faid Sir John Cotton, or

any other of the faid perfons in remainder, upon any account or pretence whatsoever.

CAP. XXXI.

An a£l for the encouraging the difeovery and apprehending of houfe-br takers.

1. 1E7HEREAS the crimes of burglary and breaking open W houfes in a felonious manner* are of late years become snort' frequent than formerly, to the great dihuiet* terror* and imposter-iflsing of many of yowr Majejlfs good Jub}e3s; which crimesmight be* in great meafure* prevented, if Sue encouragement bo given to fuch as /ball vigoroufly endeavour the Aifcovory and apprehending of fuch malefaRors, and feme fever e pumthment tufiSed onfuokuts /had receive or buy jhlen goods* and. harbour and protect the Jmd off Riders: for remedy whereof, be. it enaftcA by the Queen's maft excel*

Digitized by t^ooQle

i7o6,l[	^nnaquirtfo An*.*:. C. 31.	;8j

k#t mlafaflky, by with the advice and confent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre£ent parliament affeojhlfid, and by tb* authority of the fame. That from and Apprehended after tbqtqjQth day of May, one thoufand fcven hundred?* burglars, and feyen, all and every peHbn and perfons who (hall apprehend *Cj* OVCr^Sd 3#d take any perfon Of perfons guilty of burglary, or the felo- above the re-nipua breaking and entring of any houfe in the day time, and wards by io& profecutq himt her, pr theiq fo apprehended and taken, until11 w* 3.0.13. he* or they be Qpnvj&qd of fuch burglary or felony, (hall have and receive, over and above the rewards given by one act of parliament made gt WofiminRcr, in the tenth and eleventh year* of the reign of hi? late majefty King JVilRajn of glorious memory, intituled, An act for the better apprehending ^ preventing, and punching of fekty that commit burglary, houfe-breaking, or ro-iery in /hops, warehouses. copch houfes, or Rabies, or that Real horfes, the fun* -of fprty pounds within one month after fuch convi&i-on* to be paid by the (heriff or fheriffs of the county where hcri *

(jich felony or burglary (hall be made and done, without any fee for the fame, to the perfon or perfons fo taking, apprehending, and profecuting the faid offenders, he and they rendring a certificate, to the fiud (her T or fheriffs, under the hand or Hands of the judges or juftices before whom fuch felon (hall be convi&ed for fuch burglary or felony, certifying the convi&ion of fuch felon for the laid offence or offences, and in what parifti the fame was committed, and alfo that fuch felon or felons was or were taken by the perfon or perfons claiming the faid reward ; and in cafe any difpute (hall happen to arife between the perfons fp apprehending any the faid felons, touching their right and tjrfe tp the faid reward, That then the faid judge or juftices fttjufticesincafe refpedtively certifying as aforefaid, (hall in and by their faid cer- of difpute to rfficate diredt and appoint the faid reward to bq paid to and a- ecr^catehow tpongft the parties claiming the fame, in fuch (hare and propor- revvar(j fliau tfpns as to the faid judge or iuftices (hall feem juft and reafon- be paid, able; and if it (hall happen that any fuch (heriff or fheriffs (hall . die or be removed before the expiration of one month after fuch c^mvidtion, and demand made of the faid reward (not being paid as aforefaid) that then the next fucceeding (heriff or fheriffs (hall pay the fame within one month after demand, and certificate brought as aforefaid ; and if default of payment of the faid fum or funis of money fhall happen to be made by any (heriff or (periffs, fuch (heriff or fheriffs fo making default (hall forfeit to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch money is due as aforefaid, double the fum orTurns of money he or they ought to have paid, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their executors or adminifaquors, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein'but one imparlance, and no efloin, protetfion, or wager of law (hall be allowed, with treble cods of fuit, by him or them expended in the recovery of the fame.

II.	And be it further enacted. That in cafe any watchmen. Watchmen or er any other perfon or perfon^ (hall happen to be kilted by any other kili;d in

fuch purfch <>f

ized by

Google

184	Anno quinto Anna. c. 31.	[170I

houfc-break- fiich "burglar or houfe-breaker, endeavouring to apprehend, or *n 'Bll^*n8 pttrfai* after him or them, that then the executors or to thetlol! adtniniftrators, or fuch perfon or perfons to whom the right of 3 Geo. i!cu 15. adminiftration of the perfonal eftate of fuch perfon fb killed (hall £ 4*.	belong, upon certificate delivered under the hands and feals of

riHf the judge or juftices of afiize of the county where the faft was trea&ry ifth- committed, or the two next juftices of the peace, of fuch perfon out charging or perfons being fo killed, which certificate the laid judge or this money in juftices, upon fufficient proof before them made, areimmedi-tbdr accounts. ately required to give without fee or reward, (hall receive the fum of forty pounds from the (heriff or fheriffs of the county where the (aid faft was done and committed ; and upon failure of payment thereof by the faid fheriff or fheriffs, double the film of forty pounds to be recovered againft them, with treble cofts of fuit, in manner and form as aforefaid.

Sheriffs to de- IfL And it is hereby further enafted, That all (heriffs, their dna monies fo executors, and adtniniftrators, upon producing fuch refpc&ive paid on their certificates, and the receipts for the money paid by them, in *CC0UDt,# purfuance of this aft, (hall be allowed, and are hereby impow-ered to deduft, upon their accounts, all monies, other than double the fum and fums of money, and treble cofts of fuit, which they (hall difourfe as aforefaid ; and that if upon account of any (heriff or (heriffs, there (haH not be money fufficient in the hands of fuch (heriff or (heriffs to reimburfe nim or them filch monies paid by him or them by virtue of this adt, that then the (heriff or (heriffs having fo paid the faid monies, (hall bf	^aVc ^ame rcPa*d by the lord treafurer, or commiffioners of

2rer. her Majefty’s treafury tor the time being, out of the revenue of the crown, upon certificate from the clerk of the pipe to that effeft.

Felon, &c. IV. And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or per-difcovering fens, being out of prifon, (hall from and after the faid tenth felons^ SST ^ay Maj* commit any burglary or felony as aforefaid, and on conviftton afterwards difeover two or piore perfons who already have, or be entitled to hereafter (hall commit any fuch burglaries or felonies, foastwo ***•**• or more of the perfons difeovered (hall be convi&cd of fuch burglary or felony, any fuch difeoverer (hall himfelf have the like reward and allowance of forty pounds hereby promifed to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall apprehend and con-vift houfe-breakers, and all other advantages given to fuch taker and be par- an<* Pr°fecutor, and (hall alfo be himfelf entitled to the gracious don©pardon of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, for all burglaries, robberies, and felonies (except murder and treafon) by him committed at any time or times before fuch difeovery made, which pardon (hall be likewife a good bar to any appeal brought for fuch burglary, robbery or felony.

Buyers or re- V. And forafmuch as the faid felons are much encourogti to receivers of mit fuch burglaries and felonies} becaufe a great number of ftrfm ftolen goods,	jt a frajf ic recejve an& 0f the faid felons the gods fo by

<ed&ritt,e&c.* them felombufly taken, and alfo do make it their bufmefs to hcrlsur and conceal the faid offenders after the faid faffs, knowing th fM

film hi

Digitized by boogie

1706.]	Anno	quiftto Ann#. c. 31.	285-

felonies and burglaries to have bun by them committed; be it there- * fore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfoa or perfons (hall receive or Buy any goods or chattels that (hall be" felonioufly taken or ftolen from any other perfon,' knowing the fame to be ftolen, or (hall receive, harbour, or conceal any burglars, , felons, or thieves, knowing them to be fo, (hall* be taken and received as acceflary or acceflaries to the faid felony or. felonies; and being of either of the faid offences legally com~ • vided, by the teftimony of one or more credible witnefles, (hall fpffer and incur the pains of death as a felon convidt.

VI.	Provided always. That if any fuch principal felon can- If principal not be taken, fo as to be profecuted and convidted for any fuch/elon cannot offence, yet neverthelefs it (hall and may be lawful to profecutc

and punifti every fuch perfon and perfons buying or receivingstried L for* any goods ftolen, by any fuch principal felon, knowing themifdemeanor. fame to be ftolen, as for a mifdemeanor, to be puniftied by fine, and imprifonment, or other fuch corporal punifhment as the. court (hall think fit to inflidt, although the principal felon be not before convidt of the faid felony, which (hall exempt the-offender from being punifhed as acceflary, if fuch principal fe-lpn (hall be afterwards taken and convidted,

VII.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a-	t

(orefaid, That the judge or juftices (before whom fuch felons*and and houfe-breakers (hall be convidted, as aforefaid) (hall deter- fluret or per-mine and fettle the right, rights, and (hares of fiich refpedtiveJonsto the perfons* who by virtue of this adl (hall be entitled to the certi-. certificate,^c. ficate herein diredted to be given, and (hall alfo (being there-*

unto required) make out and deliver, or caufc to be made out* and delivered the faid certificate without fee or reward to fuch. perfon or perfons entitled thereunto, before the end of fuch affizes or felfions wherein fuch convidtion, as,aforefaid, (hall be had.

VIII.	And whereas the offences mentioned in this aft are generally NolherifF ef committed in London WMiddlefex, and the rewards hereby grant- London dr ed being to be paid by the under-Jberiffs of the faid counties, by reafony whereof they will be obliged to dijburfe gnat Jums of money; be it^/foerifF therefore, enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no fheriff of gratuity for London and Middlefcx* (hall accept, demand, take, or receive displace of pf his or their under-fheriff, dircdtly or indiredtly, either hy ^ ^^e himfelf, or any perfon or perfons in trtift for him or them, any ^ °Q {£cat film or firms of money, gratuity or prellent whatfoever, for die any expence, execution of the place of under-(heriff; nor in any manner - ^ oblige his or their under-(heriff by covenant* promife, or other- ExccptialK wife to be at aOy expence or change in relation to the faid place

of under-fherifr, which ought and hath been ufoally paid and diiburfed by the high-(herm; except the rewards given by thit% or any pther adt for the apprehending highwaymen, clippers, coiners, andhoufe-breakers, and the fees of palling fuch;high-. " ^ (herjffs, accounts in the Exchequer, and fuch other difourfe-ments as hath been heretofore cuftomarify fuftained by the un<% ** der-(heriff.

CAP.

place of

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Aneaqukto	a	fzA	ftyC

cap. xxxn.

yf« aB for tie	tontinuante of _ the Idwi fof the ffrfujhjttto $f

vagrants, 'andfor making fucb laws more

it	ktx W. j. \JI/HERjEAS an aft ofpariiammt made in the

c. 18.	V V twelfth ytars	of the tait King William, itetiiiAei, An aft

for the more effectual pumfhotent of vagrants, aad fending them whither by law they ought, to be font, was rant mod by ant

i Ann*, <bt.	** * tb*firfi	rn^^t~

s. c. i j. tea. An att for contmumg former adts far the exporting later, •

and for the dale of janoirs, and for making (note efFedtu} anaft

rdating to vagrants, far the	three yean, front the

tiers tf the faid firfr aS made m the eleventh and twelfth jam 4f

,	King Will tear, and from thence to the end of the went

liament, aad no longer : And whereas the faid	hovtbeenfeand

good ufe for kjfenmg the charge, and preventing the ahafn end fronds

in conveying of vagrants, be it cnadled by the Queen’s mod' «t-

A£ts for pa- <*Bent.majefty., by and with the advice and content of the ted*

niihmcnt of fpiritual and temporal, and commons, m parliament afarikled,

vagrants, &c. by the adthorMy of the feme, That the find fevenJ afb

continued for ma(jc in the eleventh* and twelfth year* of King	tfi

E'xV/*”' u*ths hrfi yean of fcdr Majefty’s feign, and every artide, daofe,

matter, and tirirtg in them, and each- of th*M Contained, tS-

lating to vagrants, Anil frdm henceforth cofuhwwXrtd beadfid!

force, and be.put in pfa (Slice and execution, oederdiag to (he

-true insetrt thCrCof, froth the expiration of the faid had-tnMma-

eda&, for the fjnee of feten years, and fioM tbuketddtod

of the next feffioaof parliament, and no longer.

.. r U, Andfor the better rmfin of what monies frail

raamlfafr*f}	the thowantes mode tottnfrabies, and others, foe their

pences in paf- left tf limp, and expeaces in paging ef vagrants, in purfmatoteef the

fing of va- ails before-mentioned, in as much as the methods already providedfee

grants (hall bo	rdifmg the fatter, hove in many phteet Hetn	be

* Attend by	it-further enafled by the authority: afordfeid, Thai where the

,7 Geo. s. c. gaol and marfoalfea money (hail not be fuffieieftt to fiftisfy ad

5. f. 16, &c. pay the faid allowances, the julikes of peace withitr the ted

limits of their edmtfiiilions, (hail in fuch cafe at artytkhedt'

tunes hereafter, have foil power arid authority at their gbMfel-

or quarter feflions of the peace, to aiTefs upon every toWri,

^parifh, or [dace within their refjpeddve commiffiOttS, fadi- fott*

2nd fums of money, as rhey in their diforetion (hell think **.

(enable for fatitfadhon of the allowances made to eottfhftfea,

and others, for their lofs of time, and expenses in ptidirtg of

vagrants, and that the money fe afibfied (hall be leviedarid eol-

Ibded according, to the rules and methods preferibed by an aft

of parliament now in force, for the levying and' doftediirtg of

money for the repair of county bridges} end thattfte monies

**?' *'’c:s> fo levied and coiledled (hall be difpofed of llv foch man her as the

i.c. 18.' feid juftices, by their order at fuhh feflions, lhaU-in (Shat behalf

diredl and appoint.



III. And

1.706.I Amiequinto	-c; n*

III.	And be it further enacted, That where there arc two or Treafurers to more treafurers for one and the fame cdunty, riding, liberty, ob^’y iuftices or divifion, the treafurers thereof lhall be and are hereby obli- or trj*

ged to give obedience TO fucli OrdeV or orders At (hall be made by the juftices of the peace,, in purfuance or by virtue of this ac5l, at their firft general quarter feflions, to be held quarterly for every county, riding, liberty, or diviltori> for the difchafge of all foeh fums as lhall arife by or from the conveyance of vagrants through every facto county, riding* liberty or divifion: provided. That all fuch charges be levied according to the cufto-> raary rate of gaol or bridge money ; and that no fuch order or orders fhall take place or be effectual, till fuch time as the trea- ^0*^0!thlis furer or treafurers to whom fuch order or orders lhall come, handsl ' have money in their hands fufficient for the payment thereof.

IV.	And wherein it is by experience found, That the conjlables Perfons ag-rates have fomttimes been very unjujl and grievous to the inhahi-ants tenth* r of their rejpeflive town/hips or conjlableries; be it enacted by die fcffions. apthority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons lhall find him

or themfelves grieved by the demands for dilburfements, which any the conftables’, headboroughs or tything-men throughout	:

this realm lhall charge upon, or require of the parifhes or towns unto which they or any of them lhall or do belong, or by any fefs, tax, rate, or other a<ft done by any of the faid con-flabJcs, headboroughs, or tythingmen, or other perfon whatsoever, which may any ways concern or relate to any of the a-forefaid demands, it mail and may be lawful for fuch perfon and perfons to appeal to the juftices at their next general quarter feflions which lhall be held for that county in which any fuch caufe of complaint lhall arife, as often as there lhall be any occafion for complaint, which juftices, or the greater number of them, lhall take order therein, as to them lhall feem meet, and the judgment of the juftices of fuch county, as aforefaid, at their quarter feflions, lhall conclude and bind all parties.

V.	And whereas feme doubts and difputes have been made about the How juftices privilege and jurifdiElions of liberties c?id towns corporate, that lie Jha!l aft in U-and are within feveral counties of this realm, wherein the juftices of bcrt,es anc

;	7	Jr 1 r ■ i ... . J'	‘tOWUS	COI	PO-

tbe peace, and chief magiflrates of the Jam liberties and towns coepo- rate rate^ do keep feparate or diflinB quarter feffions of their own, and have feparate treafurers for their faid corporations and liberties, or fuch like publick flocks, whether all fuch liberties and towns corporate /hall be taken-and deemed as counties at large, for the feveral purpofes and provifwis mentioned in the afts intended to be continued by this aEl: for the quieting and preventing all fuch doubts and difputes, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of the peace, chief magiftrates, treafurer, conftables, and other officers redding in the faid liberties and towns corporate, (hail in the certifying and conveying of paflengers, vagabond beggars, and other idle perfons, and raifing and paying of money, a<ft in fuch liberties and towns corporate, as they were by the faid impowered and diredted to do in counties at large.

CAP.

\



W'

288	Anno'quitlto'ANNJE.C.33,^;	fl	706.

cap. xxxin..

An. aft for obliging John Rice toaccount for debenture* grunted to tarn m the laft fclfcoo of parliament r

C A P; XXXIV.

An act for continuing the laws therein mentioned, relating to the poor, and to the buying and felling of . cattle in Smith-field, and for fitpprtffing of piracy.

HE REAS the temporary lotus following, which by experience hove been found ufeful and Beneficial, are expired or near x) & 14. Car. exPtrinZ^ therefore, for continuing the fame, be it enabled By the a?c. i». for QpeenV moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and relief of poor confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in continued for thjs prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the 7 y*"*- fame, That an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, which was enafted to have continuance f except what related to the corporations there-ijac. i. c, 17. in mentioned, and thereby conftituted) untH the twenty ninth of May, one thoofahd fix hundred £nd fixty five, and from thence to the end of the firft feflion of the next parliament; which faid aft, by ah 4ft made in the firft year of the reignof the late King fames the'Secohd (except what related to the corporations therein mentioned, and thereby conftituted} was en- * aCted to be in force From the firft day of May, onethoufand fix hundred eighty five, and fo to continue for the fpace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of part lament ; and by an aft made in the third and fourth years of tbe : feign of his late majefty King William, the faid aft (as to what* therein related to the fettlement pf the poor) was bnafted to be’ in force froth the firft day of March, one thoufand fix hundred ninety one ; but no provifion was thereby made for coritinuing divers other parts of the faid aft; which faid aft, for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, as to all parts thereof not mentioned and continued in and by the faid aft made in the’ third and fourth years of the reign of their late Majefties (other than, and except what relates to the corporations mentioned in' the faid aft for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, ’ and thereby conftituted) was, by an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of their late Majefties, continued for the fpace of feveii years, from the thirteenth day of February, one thoufend fix hundred ninety two, and from thenCe to the end of the next feflion of parliament; which faid aft afterwards, by an aft of the eleventh and twelfth years of King WUham,

* 3* intituled, An act for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned, was j * continued for feven years, from the twenty ninth day of Sep-Mad* perpetual tember, one thoufand feven hundred, (hall be in force from the it Anna,fiat, five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feven (except what relates to the corporations therein mentioned,



it.*

*&jW. C. *4.

i.c. is.



1706.] Amd quinto Amtm. c.34;	2&0

tioned, and thereby conftituted) for feven years, and from thence to the end of the next fefUons of parliament.

•A. .Aridbe it further enabled by theauthorityafbrefaid. That** & *tCar.*.' '• fo much of an a<ft made in the twenty fecondand twenty third years of King Charles the Second, intituled. An ail to prevent buyingand frauds in the buying and felling of cattle in Stnithfield and	,	felling of cat-

wMdf relates to the preventing butchers within the cities of tie. coritinued London and JVMminflert or ten miles thereof,- to buy fat cattle,for ye3”* and fell the fame again to any other butcher, either alive or dead j as alfo fd mdch as relates to the preventing fat-cattle bought in Smitbfiild in One itlarket to be fold there again alive $ which was expired, and was afterwards, by an aft made in the firft vear of the reign of the late King James the Second, en-» i Jac. *.e. 17# aftea to be in force frotp the four and twentieth day of Juney one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, for feven years, and from thence to the end of. the next feflion of parliament, with a pro-▼ifo, That the Aid aft (hould not extend to falefmen or factors employed by farmers or feeders; and the laid afts were after . continued by an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of Kibg ^ ^ & William ana Queen Mary for feven years, from the thirteenth m. c! 14.’ of February, one thoufand fix hundred ninety two \ and by another aft made in the eleventh and twelfth years of King tl &

Williamy was continued for feven years, from the twenty ninth c. 134 day of September, one thoufand feven hundred, (hall be continued, with all the claufes and provifoes therein mentioned (except one claufe which was afterwards repealed by an aft made Except one in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, claufe. intituled, An afl for repeal of a claufe in a former a51 to prohibit	„

falefmen from felling fat cattle) for and during the fpace of feven £5^ap1,c’^ yearsj after the faid twenty fifth day of Marcb> one thoufand leven hundred and feven: and whereas there is, notwithftand-ing the provifion of the aforefaid aft, a pernicious praftice, now in ufe, for one butcher to buy a greater quantity of fat cattle or .

(beep than he can vend, unlefs by felling them again to other butchers, which reduces the number of buyers in Stnithfield, and may be a very great inconvenience both to the graziers and housekeepers, by fubjefting both the one and the other to fuch price as they (hall think fit to give or demand ; be it therefore From *9 Sept, enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the 1707- no twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred [butcher to Tell and feven, no perfon ufifig the trade of a butcher, (hall fell, or lJ1^rket offer to fale, in any market or elfewhere, either by himfelf ormiiesofLon-any fervant or agent whatfoever, within the cities o( London and dontoanother* trejlminjlery or within ten miles thereof, to any perfon or per- butcher any tons exercifiog or ufing the trade of a butcher, any fat cattle or J^j^deadf lheep, either alive or dead, upon pain to forfeit the value of the or aHvc, by 7 •• cattle, or qf each (beep fo fold or offered to fale as aforefaid ; A»n*%c. 6.	'

one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be to the Queen’s majefty, 0ne butcher her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them,	1

that will Cue for the fame, in any of her Majeffy’s courts of re- £aiWj ^ cord, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein

Vol. XI.	U	no



»99

& hW.j.

c. 7- for fup-preiEng piracy, continued. tfode perpetual 6 Geo. i. c.19. Amended iS Geo, *. c. 30.

Full cofts on recovery of penalty.

• In the record is Qdded, and by adjournments continued till the EHl day of April in the feventh year of her Ma-

Two Scotch ads repealed.

Auto fexto Anxa,	W-

m eflbin, protection, or wager of law (hall he alldwod, nrrwtf

more than one imparlance.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore&id, That

an aft made in the eleventh and twelfth years of King intituled.	Anail for the mart egeflual fuppregmg of piracy, which

was to be in force for feven years, ana from thence to the end of the next feflioo of parliament, (hall be and remain in fU! force for the fpace of feven years, end from thence to thc ehd of the next fe (lions of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afonfimi. That upon recovery of any penalty nr forfeiture impofed at given in and by this present aft, full cofts (hall be aUowedithe plaintiff.

;	1"	1	.	■	.	■	U1'

AnnoRegni ANN#) Regina fexto.

AT the	parliament begun and bolden at Wcftminfter

the twenty third day of Oftober, Anno Dom. 1707, in the ftxtb year of the reign of our fovereign lady Anne, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France,	Ireland,

Qyeen, defender of the faith, &c. *

CAP. I.

An* ad for granting an aid to her Majefty, to he railed by a land tax in Great Bntairf, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eight.

CAP. II.

4n 08 for repealing and declaring the determination of two a8s paged in the parliament of Scotland \ the one	,

• An act for the iecurity of the kingdom •, the , Aft anent peace and war.

WHEREAS by the third a(l of the feconi fejfion parliament held in Scotland, intituled. Aft for the fecurity of the kingdom, divers provifeons were made for purpcfes, and in fuch manner as is therein contained; and whereas in the of that parliament one other ail paged, intituled. Aft anent peace and war; which faid lad-mentioned a8, and alfo the firfi fore-mentioned ait, or ibe greateft part thereof, are with the terms of the articles of union, and upon the union bicamtwii: to the end therefore that no doubt may remain touching the. Continuance of the faid afts, or either of them, or any part thereof; may it pleafe your mod excellent majefty that it may be dedUnod and enafted; and be it declared and enafted by the Qpeen’smoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con feat of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the (ante. That the hcreib before-mentioned afts, and each of them, and every pvt

thereof,



tjoy.] Anno fejtto AfiNJB. c.j.:	,	4$^

thereof, (halt from henceforth be adjudged; deemed, and taken to (land and be abfolutely repealed, and to ceafe and become void.

CAP. III.

An ait fdr bet Ur fecuring the duties oftLaft

TliTHEREAS by an ait of parliament made in the ninth year ofQ & i0 w ^ YV the reign of bis late Majejly King WiMiajn the Third, 0/0.44. gbrious memoryy intituled, An adt for raifinga fum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment or annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eajl Indies; it was enabled% That no company, or particular perfon or perfom who Jhould have a righty in purfuance of the find ally to trade to the Eaft Indies, or other the parts withrn the limits of the fend a& mentionedy Jhould be allowed to trade thither, until fufficimt fecurily was firjl given (which the commijlioners of the. cufloms in England, or any three or more of them for the time being, were thereby authorized and required, to take, in the name and to the uje of bis faid late Majejly, his heirs and fucceffirs) That fuch company or particular perfons Jhould caufe all the goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities^ which at any time or times afterwards, during the con-timancq of the faid all, fhould be laden by or for them, or any of them,

Or for their or any of their accounts, in any Jhip or Jhips whatfoever bound from the Eaft Indies, or parts within the limits mentioned in the faid ally Jhould, Joe brought (without breaking bulk) to fome port of England or Wales, and there be unladen and put on land (the danger of the feasy enemies, pirates, reflraints of princes and rulersy and barratry of fcamen excepted:) and whereas the faid all, and the fecurity to be given in purfuance thereof, have been by experience found not to be fufficient to hinder and prevent the unlading or putting on Jhore in divers places and countries other than the kingdom 0/* England or do-minion of Wales, great quantities of goods brought from the Eaft Indies, or fome tort or places within the limits mentioned in the faid recited ably to the great lofs of her Majejly's cufloms, and the trade and navigation of this kingdom in gerteral: and whereas fome difficulties have artfen touching the acceptance of the fecurity directed by the faid a£l\ be it ena&ed by the Queen's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the fecurity to be hereafter given m 15001. fecuri-purfuance of the (aid a<ft, (hall be after the rate of two tnoufaAd ty to be given five hundred pounds for every hundred ton the (hips or veflels dredto? that" ihall be refpe&ively let for, that (hall be fent to the faid Eafl (hip fent to the Indies, or other part9 within the limits in the faid a6t mention- Eaft Indies tdy and fo proportionally for any lefler part than an hundred ^ial1 bc lct tons; and that the Englifh company trading to the Eafl Indies (hall company to for each ftrip or veffel which (hall be fent out from Great Britain give fin* few and employed by them, or for their account, givd fecurity as unity, aforefaid, by their common fcal; the condition whereof (hall be in the form following, viz.

U2	WHERE-



Anno fcxto Ann-®* 4-	[1707,

WHEREAS in purfuance of an aft of parliament made in the ninth year of his late Majeftys reign, intituled, Ann€t for railing a fum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for pay-r ment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaf Indies, the Jbip whereof captain	'

is mafter, of the burthen of	tons, is, under

the regulation of the faid aft, bound out upon a voyage to the Eaft Indies, or other parts within the limits preferred by the faid a&, with a cargo or loading of goods, upon account of the above bound Englilh company trading to the Eaft Indies: the condition of this obligation is fuch, That if all the goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities which Jball at any time or times hereafter, during the continuance of this prefent intended voyage, be laden by or for the. faid company, or any of them, or for their, or any of their accounts in the faid Jhip, from the laid Eaft Indies, or parts aforefaid, Jball be, without breaking bulk, brought to fome port of Great Britain, and there be unladen and put on land (the danger of the feas, enemies, pirates, conjlraint of princes and rulers, barratry of Jeamen, and ne-ceJTary provifions, fores and merchandizes for the people and garrifon of St. Helena, only for their own proper confumption excepted) then this obligation Jball be void, or elfe Jball remain in full force, effeft, and virtue.

II. And that befides the feveral and refpedlive fecurities to be flUpfiiTlndia, glven this or the faid former adt againft breaking bulk, all &c; tobeun-’the goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities which (hall laden in Great be loaden in the Eaf Indies, or other the parts within the limits B^n,CX7pt mc°ti°ncd *n t^c frid adl, upon any (hip or veflel belonging to St°itoena. °F anY ^er Majefty’s fubjedts, with intent to be tranfported out By 15 Geo*. 1. of and from the faid Eaf Indies, or other the parts within the c. 8. dtfrutr- limits aforefaid, the fame (hall be brought to fome port of Great ing Negroes,	Britain, and there (hall be unladen and put on (hore (neceflary

ht tbfaa not Provifi°ns> Aores» and merchandizes for the people and garrifon to be deemed of Helena, for their own proper confumption only, excepted) breaking bulk. and except alfo where the breaking of bulk or landing of goods in-breach of this or the faid former adt (hall happen to be by the danger of the feas, ehemies, pirates, reftraint of princes or Penalty on rolers, or barratry of feamen, on pain of forfeiting all fuch goods landing elfe- which contrary to this adt (hall be landed elfewhere than in fome where. port of Great Britain, or the value thereof, to be recovered, one moiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors* and the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall feize, inform, or fue for the fame in any of her Majefty*s courts of record at Weftminfer, wherein no effoin, protedlion, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

Form of the condition.

All ffoodi

CAP. IV.

An act for charging and Continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thouiand feven hundred and eight.

CAP.

Digitized by ooQle



Anno fextd Ann.®. c. 5.

*93

CAP. V.

An act for raijtng a further fupply to her Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eightf and other ufes, by fale of annuities charged on a fund, not exceeding forty thoufand pounds per annum, to arife by : appropriating feveral furplujfes, and by granting further terms in the duties on low wines, and on hawkers, pedlarsf and petty chapmen, the ftamp duties, the one third fubfidy, the duty on Jweets; and one of the branches of excife, and by making other provifion in this aft mentioned.

MOST gracious Sovereign, Whereas in and by an aft of par- Preamble re-liament made in England in the fourth year of your Majejly’s citjn£	au*

reign (intituled, An a<ft for continuing an additional fubfidy of ?	c.6.

tonnage and poundage, and certain duties upon coals, culm. Deficiencies on and cyndelrs, and additional duties of excife, and for fettling and theft annmtin eftabhfhing a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, {or”uui*&*dh payment of annuities to be fold for railing a further fupply to	l6#

her Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and other ufes therein mentioned) the additional fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and other duties (commonly called the one third fubfidy) payable for and upon wines, goods, and'merchant dizes, which were thereby granted to your Majejly for the term of ninety 'eight years, from the eighth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fix% and the duties upon coals, culm, and cynders by the fame aft granted or continued from the fourteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eight, until the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ten; and the particular rates and duties of excife thereby granted for the term of ninety five years, from the feventeenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and thirteen ; ana all the monies to arife by virtue of an aft of the fifth year of the reign of their late majejties King William and Queen Mary, of glo- c. 7. rious memory, of or for the duties of excife thereby granted, after pay-ing off, or rejerving fufficient to pay off the lottery annuities therein mentioned, together with other monies mentioned in the faid aft of the-fourth year of your Majejly’s reign, are appropriated and made liable 4 Ann. c. 6* to the payment of certain annuities pur chafed thereupon, not exceeding one hundred eighty four thoufand two hundred forty two pounds ana fourteen/billings per annum, for ninety nine years, from Lady day one thoufand feven hundred anafix, payable at the receipt of the Ex+ chequer; which fubfidies, rates, duties, and other funds or provifioni charged by the faid aft of the fourth year of your Majejly’s reign, with the annuities laH mentioned, will by efiimation produce annually a con-ftderable fum more than fufficient to difebarge all thofe annuities, and the necejfary charges of paying and accounting for the fame; and the overplus monies thereof are fence enafted to be jufily and duly computed at the feafl of the annunciation of the bleffed virgin Mary, in every, year, or within fix days after: and whereas by an a ft of parliament made in England in the fifth year of your Majejly’s reign, intituled,

U 3	An

Digitized by

Google

294	Anno	fexto	Ann.®.	c.5.	[1707.

Annuity aft. An act for continuing the duties on low wines, and fpirits of

5	Ann. c. 19. the extraftion, and the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and part of the duties on flampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and the late duties on fweets, and the one third fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and for fettling and eftablifhing a fund thereby, and by the application of certain overplus monies, and otherwife, for payment of annuities to be fold, for raifing a further fupply to her Majcfty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feven, and other ufes therein exprefled, certain duties upon low wines, and fpirits of the firjl extraftion, thereby granted and continued from the three and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, for the term of ninety fix years from thence next enfuing, and certain duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others therein de-feribett, and thereby continued for the like term of years ; and fuch of the duties upon flampt vellum, parchment, and paper as are therein mentioned, and thereby granted and continued for the term of ninety fix years, to commence from the lafi day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and ten; and the duties upon fweets thereby laid for the term of ninety nine years, commencing from the four and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fix; and the additional fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes, which are commonly called, as aforefaid, the one third fubfidy, by the fame aft granttd, and continued for one whole year, commencing from the expiration of the ninety eight years granted therein by the Jaid former aft \ and all the overplus monies of the fiubfedies,

4 Aim. c. 6. rates, duties, and other funds contained in the faid aft of the fourth year of your Majefifs reign, after paying, or referving fufficient to pay fo much as JhaU be incurred or grown due upon the faid annuities by ifirtue of that aft, at or before every feafi of the annunciation of the bleffed virgin Mary refpeftively, the neceffary charges of paying and accounting for the fame annuities pur chafed thereupon being excepted, are appropriated and made liable to the payment of certain annui-

I Ann. c. 19. ties purthdfed upon the faid aft of the fifth year of your Majefifs reign, not exceeding iti the whole the fium of feventy two thouf&id one hundred eighty feven pounds ten Jhillings per annum, for ninety nine years, from the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feven, payable at the faid receipt of the Exchequer; and fer the better fecuring the quarterly payments which fhould grow due at or before Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, upon the faid annuities, not exceeding feventy two thoufand one hundred eighty feven pounds ten finllings per annum, divers other temporary provifons are made in the faid aft of the fifth year of your Majefifs reign; and thereby it is alfo provided, That if at the end of any year of the faid term of ninety nine years, for which the faid annuities upon the find aft of the fifth year of your Majefifs reign were to be pur-chafed [the fir (I computation to be made at Lady day, one thoufind feven hundred and eight, or within fix days after) the monies ar'fing ft the Exchequer within fuch year by the faid rates, duties, fubfidies, overplus-monies, and other monies thereby appropriated for payment of the faid annuities, purfuant to that aft, /ball exceed all the monies then



*95

1707.} Anno fexto Amnjs. c.5,

toe for or upon jbi jm* annuities* end all arrearages thereof then	4

or at any time or times before that time incurred^ fo that there Jhall be an excefs or fur plus remaining in the Exchequer ^ Juch excefs or fur plus Jhall be difpofable from time to time,: for the publick ufe and fervice% and not Qtberurife: and wheftas by an ait of parliament made in England in the fourth year of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, of glorious memory, (intituled, An ad Annuity *a. for granting to their Majefties certain ratqs and ditties of excite 4. & 5 W. U upon beer, ale, and otherliquors, for fecuring certain recompcn- M. c. 3. ces and advantages in the faid ad mentioned, to fuch perfqns as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thoufand pourfds towards carrying on the war againft France) certain other rates and duties of excife upon beery aley and other liquors therein parties laxly exprejfed> were granted to their faid late Majefties y their heirs and fuccejjors^ for the term of ninety nine yearx, from the five and twentieth day of January, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety twoy and are by that, and by feveral other afts relating thereunto, made liable to the payment of ftveral annuities, with benefit of furvivorjbip and other annuities charged thereupon \ which rates and duties of excife Ml-mentionedy do alfo produce annually a confiderable fum more than Jufficient to difcbarge all thofe annuities fo charged thereupon, and the necqffary charges of paying and accounting for the fame; and the overr plus monies thereby arifing have been arid are to to be computed on thy four and twentieth day of June yearly, and are comprehended amongjl the temporary provifions made in the faid aft of the fifth year of your 5 Ann. c. 19, Majefiys reign y for better fecuring the quarterly payments of thefind annuities, not exceeding feventy two thoufand one hundred eighty /even pounds ten Jbillings per annum, which Jbould grow due at or before the feafi of St. Michael the archangel, which Jhall be in the year <f pur Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ten, from which time tie overplus monies of the rates and duties of excife lafi-mentioned do belong to hit Majejiy for the publick ufe and fervid: now we yopr Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great JSritain in parliament afiembled, being defirous to raife a fum of 640000I. to be money not exceeding fix hundred and forty thoufand pounds, railed, that is to fay, a fum not exceeding five hundred and forty thou^ tend pounds, part of the money neceflary to be provideo in this feflion of parliament for your Majefty’s fupply, and a fum not exceeding one hundred thoufand pounds to be applied in fuch manner a9 is herein after mentioned, towards making good the payment of the annuities to be purchafed upon this a§, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that.it may be ena&ed ; end be it cna&ea by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the .advice ana content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from atid after the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled virgin Maryy which fnall be in the year of our Lord 01ft thoufand feven hundred and eight, for and during the full term of ninety nine years from thence next and immediately enfijing, the full fum of forty thoufand pounds of lawful 40oool. per money of (Great Britain by the year, or fo much thereof as (hall annum to b«

U a	be	*Pphed	to	tho



payment of annuities for 09 years from Lady day 1708.

To be charged upon the 6verplt)s monies of the annuities.

4	Ann. c. 6.

5	Ann. c.19.

and the overplus of the excife aft, 4&5 W.& M. c. 3.

Treafury to compute the overplus.

and apply ft

for making good this

fund* to* '

Anno fcKto AnibR. C.5I	[ 1707.

befu$cicnt for paying and difchargrog aU the annuities to be purchafed upon this prefent aft, (hah be fet apart and appropriated, and the fame is by this aft appropriated forth* payment and fetisfaftion of the feid annuities to be purchafed onltbds aft, in fiich iQanner and form as are herein after prefcribed in that behalf.	0	'	J	.

II. And for the better raifing, fecuring, and eftabiMImiw of the faid fund, it 4$ hereby enafted by the authority aforimid9 That the faid fund, or fum not exceeding forty thoufand pounds per annum, (hah be charged upon and payable out of all the overplus or furplus monies of the faid rates, dories, fubfidies, and other funds fettled for payment of the laid feverai annuities purchafed upon the faid feyeralafts of the fourth and fifth years of her Majefty’s reign refpeftively, which (hall from time to rime remain, after fedsfying, or referving in the Exchequer iuffident to fatisfy fo much as mall be incurred, or grown due upon thofe annuities, and everv of them, and which, by the faid aft of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, were left to- be difpofed from time to time for the publick ufe and fcrvice, as aforefaid; and (hall alfo be charged upon, and payable out of all the overplus monies which (hall arife after the thirtieth day of September, one thoufand feven hunched and ten, of or for the faid rates and duties of excife granted in the faid fourth year of the reign of their faid late majefties King JVilliam and Queen Mary, and which from time to time, during the then remainder of the (aid term of ninety nine years therein granted, (hall remain, after payment and fetisfaftion of all the annuities charged thereupon by the faid aft of the fourth year of their faid late Majefties reign, or by any other aft or afts of parliament before this time made for charging any annuities whatfoever upon the rates and dutie$ of excife laft-mentioned; and the treafuref of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the rime being, are hereby direfted from time to rime, during the continuance of the faid fubfidies, rates, duties,, and other funds fettled by the faid feverai annuity afts of the fourth and fifth years of her Majefty’s reign, as aforefaid, and every or any of them, to caufe all the faid overplus monies of the feme fobiichea, rates, duties, and other funds contained in the faid feverai annuity afts of the feid fourth and fifth years of her Majefty^s reign, tp be juftly and duly computed at the feaft of the annunciation of the blefied virgin Mary io every year, or within fix days after $ and during the continuance of the feid rates and duties of excife granted by the feid aft of the fourth year of the j-eign of King WilUapi and Queen Mary*, to caufe alL the fenf pverplus monies of the fame rates.and duties of excife tote juftly and duly computed on the four and twentieth day of June yearly; and to caufe all the overplus monieswhich (hall appear ppon (uch feverai and refpeftive Computations as atorefeid, from time to time, or fo much thereof qs (hah be fufficient, to be fet apart, referved, and applied for and towards the making good fhe faid fund or fuqa PQt exceeding /orty thoufand poood^^r

OJUtUfM*

Digitized by L,ooQle

9707*] Adno f&to c. 5*9	297

annum, hereby interred and appointedto be fettled and eftablilh-ed for the payment of all the annuities to he purchaied on this ad, without diverting or mifapplying any of the monies which by thefoM former ads, or any of them, ought upon every fucK computation to have been referved for payment of any the annuities formerly purchaied, as aforefaid, if this prefent ad had not been made.

III.	And for the better fecuringthe quarterly payments which IOo,oeeh re-(hall grow due on or before AUchatlmas, one thoufand feven him- ferved to make dred and ten, upon the annuities to be purchaied in purfuance **** of this ad, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That /the tint^e** fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, part of the contribution- J0 Qf sept, monies to be raifed by foie of annuities upon this ad, or fo 1710. much thereof as (hall be fufficient to make good the foid yearly fund, not exceeding forty thoufand pounds annum for the firft two years and,an naif of the raid term of ninety nine years, (hall and may be referved and applied for and towards Hie 'difcharging Hie quarterly payments lait-mentioned, to grow due at any time or times before the thirtieth day of	,	one

thouiand feven hundred and ten.

* IV. And to the end there may be no failure in the payment of foch annuities or any of them, as (hall be purchaied upon this ad at any time or times until the foil expiration of the term of ninety pine years, for which the feme are intended to be purchafed, we your Majjefty’s foid dutiful and loyal fubjeds the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, have chearfoHy and unanimoufly given and granted, and do by this ad give and grant to your Majefty the duties upon low wines,

-or fpirits of the firft extradiori, and the duties to be paid by hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and the duties upon vel-•hun, parchment, and paper, and foe additional fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and the duty uppn (weets, and the particular rates and duties upon excite hereafter ip this ad exprefled, for and during fuch further term and terms of years refpedive-ly as are herein after mentioned: and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty to accept thereof, and that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by foe authority aforefaid, That all apd every Duties on low (uch or the like duties for and upon all low wines, or fpirjts ofW1	c .

the firft extradion, as by the foid ad of the fifth year of her 5.	*	**

Majefty’s reign were continued or granted for the term of ninety fix years above-mentioned, (hall by virtue Of this ad be further continued, and be paid and payable unto her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all low wines, arid fpirits of the firft: extradion, to be made or drawn by any dlftiller, or o-ther perion making or drawing fpirits or ftrong waters for foie or exportation, within the kingdom of Great Britain, from or after the expiration of the foid term of ninety fix years, for and daring the term of one whole year from thence next and immediately, enfuing : and that all and every foch arid the like duties and foms of money to be paid by every hawker, pedlar, petty on hawker*, fh?pioaOy and fuch other perfons as are dtfcfibed in one ad of pedlar*,^*



298

9 & io W. 3. c. 27.

5 Ann. c. 19.

Stamp dutiei,

and the one third fubiidy,

5 Ann. c. 19.

further continued for one year more after the expiration of their refpcftive terms.

Sweets continued for 2 years longer.

Excife aft,

4 & 5 W. & M. c. 3. continued for 15 years longer.

Anno fexto Annje. c. 5.	[1707.

the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King William* , for Iicenfing hawkers ana pedlars, and all the powers for granting fuch licences, which by the faid ad of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign are to continue for the like term of ninety fix years, from the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and ten, (hall be further continued, and be paid and payable, and be put in execution by virtue of this ad within the whole kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the expiration of the faid term of ninety fix years, during the term of one whole year from thence next and immediately enfuing: and that fuch of the duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, as by the faid ad of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign were continued for the term of ninety fix years from the laft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, (hall, by virtue of . this ad be further continued, and be due and j ayable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, within and throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the expiration of the term of ninety fix years laft-mentioned, for and during the term of one whole year from thence next and immediately enfuing: and that the additional fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes, commonly called, the one third fubiidy, which by the faid aft , of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, are granted and continued for the term of one whole year from the expiration of a term of ninety eight years, which commenced from the eighth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, (hall by virtue of this aft, be further continued, and be due and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, within and throughout the whole united kingdom of Great Britain, from the expiration of the faid term of one year fo granted and commencing as a-forefaid, for and during the further term of one whole year from thence next and immediately enfuing: and that the duty upon fweets made for fale, which by the faid aft in the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, was granted for the term of ninety nine years, commencing from the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fix, (hall, by virtue of this aft, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, within and throughout the united kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the expiration of the term of ninety nine years laft-mentioned, for and during the further term of two years from thence next and immediately enfuing.

V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, which by the faid aft of the fourth year of the reign of their faid latemajcfties King William and Queen Mary* of glorious memory, were granted for the term of ninety nine years, from the twenty fifth day of January, one thoufand fix hundred ninety two, (hall, by virtue of this aft, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, within and throughout the whole united kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the expiration of the term of nine-

L . ^	.................. r! ty



I

5-

igafk >707.]	Anno	fcxto AKnjb. c. 5.	299

tyrant years laft-mentioned, f& and during the further term of ;t. fifteen years from thence next and immediately enfuing, for the ufes and purpbfes in this ad exprefled. z j* VI. And it is hereby enadted, That the faid feveral duties Former pow-zxsz upon low wines, or fpirits of the firft extradtion; and the faid er* continued.

1 duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others defcribed as aforefaid; and the faid rates and duties upon vel-

n.iz. lum, parchment and paper; and the faid additional fubiidyof ytLz- tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods;

'zza.. and merchandizes, by this ad fcverally granted for a further ’.Ijk term of one year as afbrefaid; and the faid duty upon fweets jx by this ad granted for a further term of two years as afbrefaid;

^ and the faid rates and duties of excife by this ad granted for r; a further term of fifteen years as afbrefaid, for the ufes and pur-*

^, poles in this ad expreffed, be feverally and refpedively raifed I ^ and levied by fuch rules and methods, and under fuch penalties ‘, and forfeitures, and with fuch diftribution of the laid penalties kZ and forfeitures, and fubjed to fuch power of mitigation, and Z.Zl loch refpedive drawbacks, allowances, and repayments, and in "ZZ fiich manner and form as the like duties granted or continued

by the faid ad of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, or any s Ann. c. 19. IT. of them refpedively, are prefcribed, enaded, or appointed to be 1“ raifed or levied.

‘V • VII. And it is hereby enaded and declared. That the faid Overplus mo-; ; Overplus monies of the faid rates, duties, fubfidies, and other n,e** *5'/?* funds fettled for payment of the faid feveral annuities purchafed Upon the faid feveral ads of the fourth and fifth years of her the te.oooL ■' ; Majefty’s reign refpedively; and the faid overplus monies of the per annum, laid rates ana duties of excife which were granted in the fourth + s w* fc year of their faid late Majefties reign as aforefaid'; and the faid M' c‘ 3‘ lum not exceeding one hundred thoufand pounds, direded to be referred out of the contribution monies as aforefaid; and the feveral grants made by this ad of the faid duties upon low wines, or fpirits of the firft extradion; and of the faid duties to be paid by hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen; and of the faid duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper; and of the bid ad-* ditional fubfidy of tjpnnage and poundage feverally, fon the further term of one year as aforefaid; and of the faid duties upon fweets for two years as aforefaid; and of the faid particular rates and duties of excife for the term of fifteen years as afore-bid; or fo much of the faid feveral overplus monies, referved monies, rates, additional fubfidy, and other duties, as (hall be fufficieht for making up the faid fund not exceeding forty thou-fimd pounds per annum, for anfwering the lull and due payment of all the annuities to be purchafed on this adt, and all arrearages thereof from time to time incurred, are, and fhall be by vTrhife of this adt liable and appropriated thereunto, and lhall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or putpofe Whatfoever, under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities in tbit a£k exprefled; and all the monies arifing by the faid overpluses, grants, and provifibns hereby made, out of which the r	faid



and to be en-tred in a book for that pur-po fe.

Any perfon may lend 640,000!. for purchafing annuities at 16 years pur-chafe.

Times of payment.

Annuities not to exceed 40,0001. per. ann.and to be paid quarterly.

Contributors names to be entred, &c.

Anno fexto Anna*, c.5.	{ty&j

raid fund, not exceeding forty thoufand pounds peranmm* is tor be raifed, (hall be fairly and duly entredin one or snore book or books to be kept in the offices of the auditor of the receipt aoA clerk of the pells for that purpofe, to which all perfons concerned at all feaibnable times (hall have free aocefe without fee or chaige.

VIII.	And for the railing any fum or Aims of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of fix hundred and forty thoufand pounds, for fuch ufes as afore&id, it is hereby Anther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any pcrlbn or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer, for her Majefty’* ufe, at or before the refpedive days and times in this ad limited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding m the whole the faid fum of fix hundred and forty thoufand pounds, for purchafing any annuity or annuities to be paid and payable during the full term of ninety nine years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth day or March* in the year of our Lord one thouland feven hundred and eight, at the rate of fixteen years purchafe, which rate doth amount to the fum of one hundred and fixty pounds for every fuch annuity of ten pounds per annum, and proportionably for any greater annuity; and the fame rate, or confideration money, is hereby appointed to be paid into the faid receipt at or before the refpedive days and

. times herein after mentioned; that is to fay, one fourth part thereof on or before the fix and twentieth day of March* in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight; one other fourth part thereof on or before the fix and twentieth day of May, in the yt^r of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and eight; one other fourth part thereof on or before the fix and twentieth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thouland feven hundred and eight; and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the five and twentieth day of September* in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight: all which annuities fo to be purchafed, (hall not exceed in the whole the faid fum of forty thoufimd pounds perynnum; and (hall be paid and payable at the four mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, The feafts of the nativity of Saint John baptift, Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrift, and the annunciation of the blened virgin Mary* by even and equal portions, the firft payment thereof to be due at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the baptift, which (hail be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight.

IX,	And it is hereby enalted, That in the offices of the auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells in the Exchequer fevc-rally, there (hall be provided and kept a book or booksvin whkh: there (hail be fairly entred the names of all who (hall be contributors, and of all perfons by whole hands the faid contributors (hall pay in any qf the faid fume upon this alt, and alfo the fums fa paid, and the times wlw.tbc Came are relpe&iveJf pwd:

to



1707.]	Annfc fertto Anna, c* 5.	301

to which book it (hall be lawful for the fald refpcflive contributors, their executors, admlniftrators, and afligns, from time'to time* tod at all feafonable times, to have reforf, and to irifyeft the fame without fee or reward.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefoid, The 40000L That all and every the annuities whatfoever, which (hall be charged with purchafed upon or in purfuance of this prefent aft, (hall be and th* “id an-are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable from nuilics* time to time out of the faid fund or fum, not exceeding forty tboufknd pounds per annum, by this aft intended and appointed

to be eftablifhed, as aforefaid; and the (aid yearly fund or fum of forty thoufand pounds per annum, or fo much thereof as (hall be fumcient to fatisfy and dtfeharge all the 'annuities to be purchafed upon this aft, and aH the arrearages thereof, at any time due or owing, are and (hall be, by virtue of this aft, appropriated, and applied to and for fatisfying and dilcharging of the lame annuities, and fucb arrearages thereof accordingly, and (hall be iffiied, difpofed, and applied to that ufe, and to no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, under the penalties, forfeit-* ures, and difabilities in this aft exprefled; any thing herein contained, or any other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided always, That if at the end of any year of the Surplus to be faid term of ninety nine years, for which the faid annuities upon apP.,e£ t0r this aft are to be purchafed, the firft computation to be made]

at the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled virgin Mary, one relating

thoufand feven hundred and nine, or within fix days after, the hereto, 1 Geo.

monies arifing at the Exchequer within fuch year, which by this *•ftat- **•

aft are chargeable to make good the faid yearly fund, not ex- 7#

ceeding forty thoufand pounds (excepting fuch part of the faid

contribution-money, as is to be referved for making good the

future quarterly payments until the thirtieth day of Scptembery

one thoufand feven hundred and ten, as aforefaid) (hall exceed

all the monies which at every^fuch feaft day (hall be due for or

upon the fame annuities, ana all arrearages thereof, then or at

any time or times before that time incurred, fo that there (hall

be an excefs or furplus remaining in the Exchequer, fuch excefs

or furplus (hall be dHpofeable from time to time for the publick

ufe and fervice, and not otherwife; any thing herein contained

to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted' by the authority aforefaid, Contributors

That all and every contributor and contributors upon this aft, entitled to the duly paying the confideration or purchafe-money at the rate a- ^nn/ul“e** ^c-forefiud, at dr before the rtfpeftive days or times in this aft limit- Julies <w*re ed in that behalf, for any fodh annuity or annuities, as afort-fubfiribed unto laid, or fach a9 he, (he, or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their South Sea refpeftive- executors, adminiftrators, fucCeflors, and afligns, (hal!^c^^^* have, receive, and enjoy* and be entitled by virtue of this aft, to. £*4.	n11-

have, receive, and enjoy the re(peftive annuity aftd annuities fo

to be purchafed out of the monies by this aft appropriated of appointed for the payment thereof, during the fiud whole term

Digitized by v^.ooQle

502

Tax free.

And have tallies and orders (truck for payment, See.

5 per cent* for prompt payment before •6 March, 1708.

Annuities af-fignable, &c.

Anno facto Arkje, c.$f

<rf ninety nine years, to bepurehafed therein, as ^ tioned ; and that all and every fuch pur chafera,thcir executor*, xdminiftrators, and affigns relpoftively, (hall have goodand fore eitates and interefts in the feveral annuities fo by them jo be purchafed, according to thetenor and true meaning of this aft; and that all the Paid annuities to be purchafcdupon this aft^ and every of them, during the term aforefaid, (haU be free footn all taxes, charges, and impofitions wbatfoever.

XIII.	And be k rather mafted by the authority afore&kf.

That every contributor upon this aft, ror any annuity or annnfe* ties, as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, admimftntfors or affigns, upon piyment of the confidemtion or purchafe^moncy for the feme, at the rate aforefeid, or any part or proportion thereof, within the time or times in this aft limited m that behalf, (hall immediately have oseor more talley or tallies levied* importing the receipt of 16 much qmfideration-money as /hall he fo paid; and upon payment of all the purchafo-meney for any fuch annuity or annuities, at the rate aforefaid, every fuch contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators; luccef-fors, or affigns refpeftively, (hall have an order for paying of the laid annuity and annuities, for and during the faid term of ninety nine years, to be purchafed therein, whieh order (hail be fign* ed by the treafurer and under rtetfurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the tnsafury for the time beings and after the figning thereof, the fame {ball be firm* good, valid, and effeftual in the law, according to the puiport and true meaning thereof, and of this aft, and (hall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treasurer or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiifioner or com** mifiioam of the treafuiy, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, pr any of them, nor (haU any lord high treafurer of Great	tterfurer	of	the	Exche-

quer, or any commiflioners of the treafury now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fiicft orders fo tigned, as aforefeid, or any of them.

XIV.	And for the encouragement of the contributors to advance. and pay forthwith into the receipt of the Exchequer the fums by them intended to be advanced upon this aft, it is pro* vided and enafted by tbe authority aforefeid, That every fuch contributor who (hall advance and pay into the faid receipt of Exchequer, all or any part of the purchafo-money payable for any fuch annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, beforeihe faid fijt and twentieth day of Marcby in the year of our Lord one thou-fand feven hundred and eight, his, her, or their executors, ad-miniftrators, or affigns, (hall be allowed and paid out of the contribution money anting by this aft, intereft after, die rare, of five pounds per centum per annum for the prompt payment of the mo* ney fo advanced, from the time of the aftual advancing and pay* ing the fame, until the faid tix and twentieth day of Martha one thoufand feven hundred and eight.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That it (ball and may be

law-

*5*7.]	AivwHbwyAiwJBu	«/$.	303

i vful to judbi for any contributor or contributors, his, her, of (th*W£JtttUt0Ct» admifiifferator*;, JuccefTors, or affigns, at any time or time*, 4«ring the cootUwaoce of his, her, or their term, e-ftate, <w inWeft of and. in any annuity to be purchased upon thia s&» by any writingimdcr his, her, or their hands and feals, or under the common feal pf a corporation, or by his, her, or tlurirJaft wiUia writing* toaflign, or devife fuch annuity, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, to any perfon or perfons \ J atfocver, and ib Wits qmKus, and no fuch affignment to be r qfobte* fp as an entry, or memorandum of fuch affignment OP will be made in book* to be kept for that purpofe in the faid office of the auditor of the receipt, within the ipace of three months. after fuch alignment, or death of thedevifor; and time upon producing fitch affignment, or will, or probat thereof, in tinefoid office of receipt to be entred, as aforefaid, the party fq producing the (ante lhall bring therewith an affidavit taken before one of mote ofi her Majeffy’s juffices of the peace, of the due.execution of thp laid affignment or will, which affidavit lhall be feverally filed in the faid office*, which faid entry or memorandum the proper officers in the faid receipt of Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the faid affidavits \ and in default of fuch affignment or devife by deed or will* the intereff of fuch contributor fhall go to his or her, executors or adminiffrators.

XVI.	And it is hereby en^cud. That it lhall and may he Guardiannum lawfol fqjr> any guardian or truftee, having the dtfpofalof ,thd advance 160U money <of any infant under the a$e of one and twenty y«»f% f°J

for the ufe and benefit of fuch infant, to advance and pay them aAC< fu itt of one hundred andfixty pounds of the money of fuch in* fant, to purchafe an annuity upon this ad, for tne benefit ot fuch infont i 'ftnd the faid guardians truftee, as to the faid hurt of one hundred and forty pounds fo advanced, is hereby di£* charged. • .	•	m	;•*

XVII.	And be it further enaded* for the better encouragement officer at the of perfons to advance the monies on this ad. That aU receipts and Exchequer to iffiies, and all otker things dtreded by this ad to be performed in no iet* the Exchequer, (hall be done and performed, by* the officers *

there* without demanding or receiving disedty or indiredly* any foe, gratuity, or reward for the fame $ and in cafe any of the officers of the Exchequer fhall take or. demand any fuch foe or reward,' or {hall divert or naifapply any of the monies of the ibid fend, duties, or monies hereby appropriated^ or any part thereof* which fhould make good the payment/of the faid an-: nuitjes* or ffiall pay, or iffue out the fame otherwife than according to the intent of this ad, or fhall not keep books or re-giffors, and make entries, and do and perform’ all other things which by this ad they are required to perform, every fuch officer fhall forfeit this office, and be for ever incapable oif.any office cur place of truft, and fhall anfover and pdy treble damages to Penalty, every contributor or pdfon who fhall be prejudiced thereby.



304	Anno	facto Amts. c. 5-	[1707.

in any of her* Majefty’s courts of record at fVefhninftef, wherein no erfbin, protection, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, wager of law, injunction,- order* of reftramt. Or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed; and in the laid a&ion the plaintiff upon recovery 'fltaU have full cods, one third of which fum to be recovered for damages, (hall be to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and facceflors, and the other two third parts with the cofts (hall tie to the ufe of the profecutor; and in cafe there (hall be any collation or feint profecutkm between the plaintiff and defendant in fuch action, it (hall btf lawful for any other contributor, his or her executors, admini-ftrators or afltgns, to bring another action, wherein he or (he (hall recover, as aforefaid, to the like ufes, as aforefaid.

No porchafe XVIII. Provided always, That no perfon or perfons what-unlef* one foever (hall or may purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to pur-c^ia^e or obtain any annuity whatfeever upon this ad) tmleft , oS< * the whole or one fourth at lead of the confideration-money for the fame, at fuch rate, as aforefaid, be advanced and paid into tiie faid receipt of Exchequer, on or before the faid fix and twentieth day of March, one thoofand feven hundred and eight.

Contributor XIX. Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor, as paying one aforefaid, whb (hall on or before the (aid lix and twentieth day one thoufand feven hundred and eight, have ad-remainder, vanced one fourth part of his or her purchafe-moncy, or his* forint* what is her, or their executors, administrators, fucceflbrs, or affigns, do not advance and pay into the faid receipt of Exchequer, one other fourth part of his or her confidei^tk)fi-moncy, fotobe paid for fuch refpeftive annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, on or before the faid fix and twentieth day of May*, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight; and the other fourth part thereof, on or before the faid fix and twemfeth^lay of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eight; and % the rc^ maining fourth part thereof on or before the faid five and twentieth day of Sepumbtr, in the year of ourJLord one thoubnd feven hundred and eight; then and in every fuch cafe refpedive-]y no order (hall be drawn or figned for fuch refpeftive annuity, for which the confideration-mtiney ihall not be fuOy paid, as aforefaid, but (b much of the confidcration-moiiep a* flnll have been actually paid into the receipt of the Exchequer for fuch refpeftive annuity, (hall bo forfeited to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, and be applied, together wkh other the monies to be raifed by this aft, for fuch publkk. fetvices, as aforefaid; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

Trealfury may XX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted, Thatit fbatt ficenu °* an^ may be lawful to and for the treafurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafory for the time being, out of the overplus of the revenues hereby appropriated for making good the faid fund, not exceeding forty thoufand pounds fir tnnum> which (hall arifc over and above

fo .

Digitized by L^ooQle

1 ?°?*D	Anno ifewa Anna. -c^6s	301

fo tnadh'aytAaU'be (uficicnMo-makc up the faidr yearly -fund.: far ffifchmging-all the'annuities to bepurchafed onthisad, td-reward the nwccrs, clerks, and others to be employed in the payment of the laid-annuities, or the accounts thereof for their labour*-ipain*, charges, ami fervicc therein refpcdively, and to daftayoil'.cittMtr theneceflary chargss-.irwident. to the payment of-the-ttid annuities, a# tp the laid treafurer orcommilfioners of the treaforyfor the time being, (hall fcem meet and reafon-aUe in that behalf; any thing in this ad contained to the con* -trary notwithftanding. .

XXI.	And whereas there art admitted' in the- Exchequer■ many gubferiptions fwhftriptions far annuities Jo jhi* att before the feme has	admitted be-

ajfent, be it. further enadeit by the authority- aforefaid, That the royal all fubferiptions made-or taken, or .which fhall be made and a0*Bt» vold* taken, before the royal ailent given to - this ad, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be-null and void*	1

CAP. VI.

An ah.for	rendring the union of	thq tw kingdoms more -

t	.	tir<	apd	empleat*

WHEREAS by her	Majejly's	great

'union of the two kingdoms bath ietn happily	and	the

whole	ijland if thereby fnbjett to one favereigntyand reprefentei by

one parliament: to the end therefore that the faid union may be rendred more contpleat and iritire, be it enaded by the Queen’s mdft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent patliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,- That noot'and after the firftftay or May, in the year of our Lord one^J1 thoufand “ferni hundred and eight, the Queerfs majefty, her Q^ee’n to'have heirs and fucceflors, (hall have but one privy council in or for but one privy the kingdom of Great Britain, to be fwom to her Majefty, her council in hehrrand fucceflors, as fovereigns of Great Britain; and fuch Great Br>Uu>» privy council (hall have the fame powers and authorities as the privy coancil of England lawfully had,- tiled, and exercifedat the ifime of the union, and none other.

II.	And to the end the publick peace may be in like manner juftices of preferred throughout the whole united kingdom ; be it further peace to be enaded- by the authority aforefaid, That in every (hire and aPPoin'<:d 111 ftewartry within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and and^wartry atfo in foch cities,' boroughs* liberties, and precinds within 0f Scotland. Sttlland, as her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors (hall think fit, there'fhall’be appointed by her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, under the great fea) of	Great Britain, a fuffidenit number of good

and lawful men to be juftices of the peace within their refpec five'(hires, Itafrartries, cities, boroughs, liberties, or precinds j r*Us, which iperfons fo appointed,'over and above the feveral powert y 1^“** and authorities' veiled in juftices of the peace by the laws of *	’	J’

Scotland,; (hatt* be further authorized to do, ufe and exercife ovdr alt perfonssvithin theirfoveral bounds, whatever doth appertain to the office-and truft of a juftice of peace, by wtue-qf the law's V01.XI.	X	and

Digitized by ^ooQle

306	Anno fexco Annjb, c. 6*	[X707*

tnd adfc of parliament made in England before the union* in Provifo. relation to and for the prefervatkm of the publick peace. Pro* vided neverthdefs* That in the feflions of the peace the me* thods of trial and judgments (hall be according to the lam and cuftoms of Scotland.

Not to alter III. Provided* That nothing in this ad contained (hail be ^privileges conftrued to alter or infringe any rights* liberties, or privileges of Edinburgh,	granted	to	the	city	of	Edinburgh, or to any ocher

royal borough, of being juftices of peace within their refpedirc bounds.

Qjrcuitcourts IV. And whereas by bn aft made in Scotland in the third feffian to be kept ^ fa fecmg parliament of the late King Charles the Second, in-twice a year.	An	ad concerning the regulation of the judicatnries*

fevered good and whelfome provifians were made concerning the juftice qmrty and among/! others it was thereby enafted, That once a par circuit courts Jhould be kept at the time and places in the find ad mentioned: now for the better and fpeedier adminiftration of juftice, and further prefervation of the publick peace in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain, called Scotland, be it alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid. That for the future, twice in the year, that is to fay, in the months of April or Afqy, and in the month of October, circuit courts (hall be kept in the feveral places in the faid ad mentioned, and in manner and form as in the faid ad contained.

Jn what man* V. And for the more uniform and exprefc method of electing ner the 4$ re- and returning members of parliament, be it likewife further en~ prefentatives aded by the authority aforefaid, That when any parliament AilL^leded ^ any t*me hereafter be fummoned or called, the forty ccCtcnve reprefentatives of Scotlandin the houfe of commons of tyt parliament of Great Britain, (hall be eleded and chofen by authority of the Queen’s writs under the great fell of Great Bri* tain, direded to the feveral (heriffs and (lewarts of the refpec-rive (hires and ftewartries; and the faid feveral (herifts and (lewarts (hall, on receipt of fuch writs, forthwith give notice or the time of eledion for the knights or commiiGoners for their refpedive (hires or ftewartries, and at fuch time of eledion the feveral freeholders in the refpedive (hires and ftewartries (hall meet and convene at the head burghs of their feveral (hires •	and	ftewartries, and proceed to the eledion of their refpedive

commifttoners or knights for the (hire or ftewartry; and the clerks of the (aid meetings, immediately after the (aid elections are over, (hall refpediyely return the names of the perfons eleded to the (heriff or ftewart of the (hire or ftewartry, who (hall annex it to his writ, and return it with the feme into the court out of which the writ iflued: and as to the manner of eledion of the fifteen reprefentatives of the royal boroughs, the (heriff of the (hire of Edinburgh (hall, on the receipt of the writ direded to him, forthwith dired his precept to the lord provoft of Edinburgh, to caufe a burgefe to be eleded for that city; and .on receipt of fuch precept, the city of Edinburgh (hall cled their member, and their common clerk (hall certify his name to the

(heriff



*7°7*]	Anno fcxto Anna. c-7-	3°7

fheriff of Eduihrgi, who (hall annex it to hia writ) and return it with the fame into the court from whence the writ if-fued : and as to the other royal -burghs, divided into fourteen daffes or diftrifts, the theriffs or ftcwartg of the feveral (hires and flewartries, (hall on the receipt of their feveral writs, forthwith direct their feverid precepts to every royal borough within their refpeftive (hires or ftewartries, reciting therein the contents of the writ, and the date thereof, and commanding them forthwith to cleft each of them a cammiflioner as they ufed -formerly to el eft commiffioners to the parliament, of and to order the faid refpeftive commiffioners to meet at the jprefiding borough of their refpeftive diftrift (naming the faid prefiding borough) upon rite thirtieth day after the day of the Tjf/ ofthe writ, unlefs it be upon the Lord’s day, Commonly called Sunday, and then rile next day after, and then to choofe their burgefs for the parliament; and the common clerk of the then prefiding borough (hall immediately, after the eleftion, re- • • • turn the name of the perfon fo elefted to the (hcriff or ftewart of the (hire or ftewartry wherein fuch prefiding borough is, who (hall annex it fo his writ, and return it with the fame into the court from whence the writ iffiied j and in cafe a vacancy (hall How vaean-bappert in time of parliament, by the deceafe or legal incapaci- i^time of*1"* ty of any member, a new member (hall be elefted in his room, parliament conformable to the method herein before appointed; and in thalt be Cup-cafe foch vacancy be of a representative for any one of the faid Ptied> fourteen- defies, or didrifts of the find, royal boroughs, that borough which prefided at the eleftion of the decealed or dif-abled member, (hall be the prefiding borough at fuch new election.

. VI. Provided always. That upon the bluing of; writs df fom- Shire or (tew-

■ions for the ehftmg of a parliament, if any (hire or ftewartry &c‘not

wherein a royal borough is, hath not then a turn or right to

eleft a commiffioner, or knight of the (hire or ftewartry for omitted out of

that parliament, that’ then it (hall be omitted out of the writ tbs writ, &e>

direfted to fuch (heriff or ftewart, to caufe a knight, commif-

fioner for that (hire or ftewartry, to be elefted for that parliat-

ment.

CAP. VII.

AS a8far tbe feettrity of	bar Majefy's perfon and govern-

ment, and of the fucceffion to the crown of Great Britain in the protejtanf line.

WHEREAS by the happy union of England and Scotland, it is become neceffary to make divers alterations in rotation to •an a£t paffed in tbe parliament 0/". England, in the fourth year	Ana.	c.	ti

reign of	her prefent	Majefty,whom God long preferve,	An

aft for the better fecurrty of her Majefty’s perfon and government, and of the (ucceffion to tbe crown or England in the pro--teftant line, and to' extend tbe provifions of tbe faid all throughout tbo whole united kingdom,for tbe bettor fteurUyef our	•

X 2	•	•	fmo-

Digitized by ^ ooQle

30$	Anno	fexto	Annje.	c.7.	£1707.

fovereign's perfon and government, and of the juccejfion to the crewrt of Great Britain in the proteftant line, as it is now by the laws and fatutes of this realm fettled, limited, and appointed \ be it therefore enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and Periods who by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons by writing,&c. (hall raalicioufly, advifedly, and diredly, by writing or prinr-Jj*11	mg, maintain and affirm. That our fovereign lady foe Queen

jjJJ w beTaliu t*ult now	® not *b* 1**6*! and rightful Queen ofthefe realms,

fill Queen, or* or that the pretended prince of Wales, who now ftiles himfdf that the pre- King of Great Britain, or King of England, by the name of tended prince James the Third, or King of Scotland, by the name of James uyright to t*ic Eighth, hath any right or title to the crown of thefe realms, the crown,&c. or that any other perfon or perfons hath or have any right or

I	W. & M. title to the fame, other wife than according to an ad of parlia-feff. a. c. a. ment made in England in the firft year of the reign of their late

Majefties King William and Queen Mary, of ever blcfied and

II	& is W. 3. glorious memory, intituled. An aft declaring the rights and fiber-

c‘ *•	ties of the fubjeft, and fettling the fuceejjton of the crown; and one

other ad made in England in the twelfth year of the reign of his laid late majefty King William the Third, intituled. An eft for the further limitation of the crown, and better featring tit rights and liberties of the Jubjeft5 and the ads lately made in England and Scotland mutually for the union of the two king* doms ; or that the Kings or Queens of this realm, with and by the authority of parliament, are not able to make laws and ftatutes of fufficient force and validity to limit and bind the crown, and the defcent, limitation, inheritance, and government thereof; every fuch perfon or perfons lhall be miilty of Guiltv of high treafon, and being thereof lawfully convided, mall be high treafon. adjudged traitors, and mall fuffcr pains of death, and all lode* and forfeitures as in cafes of high treafon.

Preachers, See. U. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That who (hall de- if any perfon or perfons fhall malictoufly and dire&ly, by dare and af- preaching, teaching, or advifed fpeaking, declare, maintain^ notmbean<* a®rm> That our fovereign lady the Queen that now. is, is ful Queen, Sec. not lawful or rightful Queen or thefe realms, or that the pretended prince of Wales, who now ftiles himfelf King of Great Britain, or King of England, by the name of fames the Third, or King of Scotland, by the name of James the,Eighth, hath any right or title to the crown of thefe realms^ or that any other perfon or perfons hath or have any right or title to the fame, otherwife than according to an ad of parliament made in England in the firft year of the reign of their faid late Majefties 1 W. & M.	and	Queen	Mary, intituled. An aft declaring the

6c(T. *. c. *.	rights and liberties of the fubjeft, and fettling the fucctjjion of tbt

crown j and one other ad made in England, in the twelfth year w	bis	late majefty King William the Third, in*

c.1*. 11	#	tituled, An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better

feewring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft ; and the ads Iatelv

made

Digitized by LjOOQie

3*9

1707.]	Aimd	fatto	Annje.	c. 7.

made in England and Scotland mutually for the union of the two ^kingdoms; or that the Kings or Queens of this realm, with and by the authority of parliament, are not able to make laws and ftatutes of fufficient force and validity to limit and bind the crown, and the defcent, limitation, inheritance, and g°v€rn" xo incur the snent thereof; every fuch perfon or perfons (hall incur thepenaity0f danger and penalty of pramunire mentioned in the ftatute of praemunire. prrnmumn made in England in the (ixteenth year of the reign of j6 R Ci Kina Richard the Second.	*	‘	5*

. III. Provided always, and be it enfcfted by the authority a- N rorealm forefaid, That no perfon (hall be profecuted by virtue of this tionPunlefc in-aft for any words fpoken, unlefs the information of fuch words formation be he given upon oath to one or more iuftice or juftices of the within 3 days peace within three days after fuch words fpoken, and the pro- "ordg locution of fuch offence be within three months after fuch in-,p0 c formation ; and that no perfon (hall be convifted by virtue of this aft for any fuch words fpoken, but by the oaths of two credible wjtneifes.

t IV. And: be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Parliament not That this prefent parliament, or any other parliament which *° difiolved (hall hereafter be fummoned and called by her majefly Queen dcsuhl — * Annty her heirs or fuccefiors, (hall not be determined or dif-fotoed by the death or demife of her faid Majefty, her heirs or fuaeefibrs, but fuch parliament (hall, and is hereby enafted to continue, and is hereby impowered and required, if fitting at the time of fiich demife, immediately to proceed to adt, notwithftanding fuch death or demife, for and during the term of fix months, But continue and no longer, unlefs the fame be fooner prorogued or difiolved aftc£month# by fuch pcsfon to whom the crown of this realm of Great Britain (hall come* remain and be, according to the adts for limit* fog and fettling the fucccffion, and for the union above-mentioned ; and ir the faid parliament (hall be prorogued, then it (hall meet and fit on and upon the day unto which it (hall he prorogued, and continue for the refidue of the faid time of fix months, unlefs fooner prorogued or difiolved as aforefaid.

AV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Parliament to That if there be a parliament in being, at the time of the death Jttclyaitcr of her Majefty, her heirs or fuccefiors, but the fame happens death, to be feparated by adjournment or prorogation, fuch parliament (halh immediately after fuch demife meet, convene and fit, and (hall aft, notwithftanding fuch death or demife, for and during the time of fix months, and no longer, unlefs the fame (hall her foondr prorogued or difiolved as aforefaid.

: VLi Andube it farther rafted by the authority aforefaid, c^c That t& cafe there isino parliament in being at the time of fuch	Gentile

demife .that hath met and <fat, then the laft preceding parlia- hft preceding ment (ball immediately convene, and (it at Wejlminjier, and be to meet, a padiamevit *to» continue al aforefaid, to all intents and pur-pofe$,radif the feme parliament had never been difiolved, but

to be prorogued and difiolved as aforefaid. _' Not t0 abr!J

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no- Queen * power thing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to ex- to prorogue or

X 3	tend

Digitized by

Google

310	Anno fcxto Amts. c. 7. *	[1707.

diflolve parlia* tend to alter or abridge the power of the Quern, her hdn or rtvUi M facccflors, to prorogue or difiolve parliaments, nor to repeal* c. a.	°* ma^ce vo*d one °f parliament made in England in the fixth

year of the reigo of their faid late majefties King Wilikon and Queen Mary, intituled,. An eft far the frequent meeting and eafU To extend to ing of parliaments, but that the laid aft (hall condone in force the oarliament ja every thing that is not contrary to, or inconfifteat with the ^Great Bri-	Qf this aft 5 aod the faid aft for the frequent meeting

and calling of parliaments is hereby declared and crafted to ex*-tend to the parliament of Great Britain, as fully and efftftuaUy, to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofest as if the fame were herein and hereby particulariy recited and enafted.

Privy council VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, folved by	That Pr*vy counc^ her. Majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs

Queen's death. the kingdom of Great Britan, lhalj not be determined or diUblvcd by the death or demife of her Majefty, her heirs or foccefiors; but fuch privy council (hall continue and aft as fiich by the fpace of fix months next after fuch demife, unlefs looner determined by the next fucceflpr to whom the imperial crown.

P V* °f this realm is limited and appointed to go, remain, and do-officers?1** ^nd; nor (hall the office or place of lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain, or of lord high trea* furer of Great Britain, lord prefident of the council for Great Britain, lord privy feal of Great Britain, lord high admiral of Great Britain, or of any of the great officers of the Queen or ra civil r *	boufhold	for the time being, nor (hall any office, place,

Ltary. ° m~ or employment, civil or military, within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland* dominion of IVaks, town of Bermiei upon Tweed, ifles of Jtrfty, Guemfey, Alderney, and Sarke, or any of her Majefty’s plantations, become void by reafon of the demife or death of her prefent Majefty, her heirs or fiicceftara. Queens or Kings of this realm ; but the faid lord cbanoellor or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain, the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, the lord prefident of the council, the lord privy feal, the lord high admiral of Great Britain, the

Seat officers of the hoofhold, and every other perfon and peft-ns in any of the offices, places, and employments afbreiaid, (hall continue in their refpeftive offices, places, and employ* But continue ments, for the fppee of fix months next after fuch death or dc* tor fix months. roife, unlefs (boner removed and difeharged by the next in (he* ceffion as aforefaid.

Great feal, kc. IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, to be ufed. That the great feal of Great Britain, the privy leal, privy fignet, and all other pubiick feals in being, at the time of thedemife of her Majefty, her heirs or fuccefiors, (haU continue and be made ufe of as the refpeftive feals of the Asccefior, until fuch fuccefior (hall give order to the contrary.

, X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, death^privy That whenfoever her Majefty (whom God long preferve) (hall council to Y happen to demife and depart this life without iflue of her body, cauie the next the privy council for Great Britain in being at the time of fuch

demife



*707.)	Anno	few	Amts.	c.7.	s11

demife of her Miyefty, Avail with xU convenient fpeed caufe the proteftant fuc. next proteftant fuccefibr entitled to the crown of Great	ceffort0 b*

by virtue of the a&l before-mentioned, to be openly and fo- ProcUimed-lenudy proclaimed in Great Britain and » in fuch manner and form u the preceding Kings and Qycens refpe&ively have been ufually proclaimed after the demife of their refpec-tivc predeccilarci and that all and every member and members of the £ald privy council, wilfully negledbng or refilling to cauijs iuch proclamation to be made, lhall be guilty of high treafon, and being thereof lawfully convicted, fhall be adjudged traitor% and (hall fuffer pains of death, and all lodes and forfeitures as in cafes of high treafon; and alfo all and every officer and officers within the faid kingdom* of Great Britain and , who fhall by the laid privy council be required to make fuch proclamations, and lhall wilfully refufe or negledt to make the fame, (ball be guilty of high treafon, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed mall be adjudged traitors, and (hall fuffer pains	•

of death, and all lofles and forfeitures as in cafes of high trea- gh treafon* fon.

XI.	And betonfe it may hapten that the next protejlant fmejfor

■may, at the time effitch	demife of her	Ma, be eut of the realm

af Great Britain in parts beyond the fiat; be it therefore ena&ed 0f the realm at by the authority aforefeid, 7hat for the continuing of the ad-Qjjeeo’* deatty miniftration of the government in the name of fuch proteftant fucceftlbr, until her or his atrival in Great , the (even officers herein after named, who fhall be in the poffeffion of their offices at the time of fuch demife of her Majefty, that is to SeTen ]ord| fey. The arehbifhop of Canterbury at that time being, the lord juftico ap- j chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain at pointed, that time being, the lord high treafurer of Great Britain at that time being, the lord prefident of the council for Great Britain at that time being-, the lord privy feal of Great Britain at that time being, the lord high admiral of Great Britain at that time being, and the lord chief juftice of the Queen's Bench at that ■rime being, (hall be and are, by virtue of this alt, conftituted and appointed lords juftkxs of Great B, and are and (hall be, by virtue of this a&, ini powered, in the name of fuch fuc-ceflbr, and in her and bis dead, to ufe, excrcife, and execute all powers, authorities, matters, and sifts of government, and adminiftration of government, in as full and ample manner as fuch next fuccefibr could ufe or execute the feme, if fhe or he were prefent in perion within this kingdom of Great , until fuch fuccefibr fhall arrive, or otherwife determine their authority.

XII.	Neverthdefe be it further enabled by the authority a- The fucctfl-or fertfeid, That fuch perfon who by the limitations aforefaid is (by three in-or fhall be next to fucceed to the crown of this realm, in cafe ftruments)

of her Majefty’s demife without iflue, (hall and is hereby im- m*y add feven powered, at any timeduring her Majefty’s life, by three inftru-otber** menu under her or his hand and feal, revocable or to be altered at her and his will and pleafure, to nonynate and appoint . .	X	+	fuch



3»a.

The three in-ftruments to

Anno facco Annje. c. 7.	[1707.

fuch. and fomanytperfans, being! natural bom fubje&s of this realm of Great Britain, as (he of He (hall think fit, to be added tb the fevenoffi tors before named, to the lords juftices as afore* laid; who (hall be impowened, by authority of this a£t, to a£t vrith them as lords juftices of Great Britain, as fully and in the fame manner as if they had been herein particularly named: which faid lords juftices, or the ‘major part of them, which (hall affemble, fo as fuch major part be not fewer than five, fhall and may ufe and exercife all the powers and authorities before-mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all of them had been affembjed together and contenting.

XIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid three inftruments, revocable and to be altered, as aforefiud, (hall be tranfeiitted into Great Britain, to the refident of fuch Bri^iu!** pcrfon next to fucceed, as aforefaid, whofe credentials (hail bt enrolled in the high court of Chancery, and to the archbi(hop of Canterbury,• and the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain, clofe fealed up; and after they are fo tranfmitted, (hall be put into feveral covers, which (hall.be fe-a a c 11 v«r*My fealed up with three feveral feals of fuch refident, and fcalcd^panl the archbifhop of Canterbury, and of the lord chancellor or aepofited, &c. lord keeper of the great feal of Gftat Britain$ and one of them, after it is fo fealed up, (hall be lodged and depofited in tbs hands of fuch refident, one other of them in the hands of the faid archbiftiop of Canterbury, and one other of than m the hands of the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain: and that if the next fucceflbr (hall be minded to revoke or alter her or his nomination or appointment made* as aforefaid, and (hall by three writings of the fame tenor, under her or his hand and feal, require the find inftruments depofited, as aforefaid, to be delivered up to fome pcrfon or perfons there*

'	by	authorized	to	receive	the	fame, then and in fuch cafe the Aid

perfons with whom the faid inftruments (hall be depofited, and every of them, and in cafe of any of their deaths, their execu* tors or adminiftrators refpcdtiveW, and every other perlbn in whofe cuftody any (f the faki inftruments (hall happen to be, (bail deliver up the faid inftruments accordingly; andtheyane hereby refpe&ively authorized and required fo to do:, and if any of the faid perfons with whom the (aid inftruments (hail be fo depofited (hall happen to die, or beremoved from their re* fpedtive offices or employments, during the life of herprefent Majefty, fuch pcrfon and perfons, and in cafe of any of thofe deaths, their executors or adminiftrators refpe&ivdy, and every other pcrfon in whofe cuftody any of the faid mftrumexits (ball happen to be, (hall, with all convenient fpeed, deliver fuch of th$m as (hall be in his or their cuftody, to the fucceflbr or fucceffbrs of the pcrfon fo dying or removed, as aforefaid % which faid feveral inftruments fo fealed up and\depofited, .as\*a^ ibrefaid, (hall immediately after the detoile of her Majefty without iffue? be brought before the privy council, where tfte fame

Digitized by L^ooQle

1707*3	Anno facto Anna. c. 7.	313

(hall be forthwith opened and read, and afterwards inrotted in the high court of Chancery.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Pfribns open.

' That if any of the faid perfons with whom the faid inftruments

(hall be depofited, as aforefaid, or any of their executors or ad- ££ miniftrators, or any other perfon in whofe cuftody the fame (hall guilty of a* happen to be after the deceafes of any of the (aid perforts, (hall prnmuire. open any of the faid inftruments, or mall wilfully negleft or re-fufe to produce before the faid privy council, as aforefaid, fuch of the faid inftruments as fhall be in his or their cuftody as afore* faid, every fuch perfon fo opening, negleftingor refuting, (hall incur the pains and penalties of a pramunire inflifted by die faid *6	*• c« 5*

ftatute of pramunirt.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Any one of That if all the faid inftruments dcpofited as aforefaid, (hall not

be produced before the faid privy council as aforefaid, then any JJJ22 t£°the one or more of the faid inftruments fo produced as aforefaid, privy council, fhall be as effectual to give fuch audiority as aforefaid, to the to be effeftuat perfons therein named, as if all of them had been produced as aforefaid: and if there be not any nomination by fuch inftru-ments, then the faid feven officers, or any five of them, are con-fthuted and appointed fo be lords juftices of Great Britain, and are hereby invefted with the powers and authorities mentioned in this aft.	.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That any nomination and appointment already made by the fucceffor, next fuceeflor, fignified by fuch inftruments depofited as afore- already made; find, purfuant to the faid former aft for the better fecurity of her to bo as effec. Majcfty’s perfon and government, and of the fucceflion to the crown of England in the proteftant line, (hall be deemed and jjy * taken to be as effeftual for conftituting and appointing the persons fo nominated lords juftices of England to be lords juftices of; Great Britain, to all intents, conftruftions and purpofes, as If fuch nomination and appointment were made purfuant to this aft.

. XVII. And be it further enafted, That the faid lords juftices ponftituted as aforefaid, (hall not diftolve the parliament continued and ordered to afiemhle and fit as aforefaid, without ex-prefs direftion from fuch fucceedingQueen or King; and that the faid lords juftices (hall be, and are hereby refttained and dif-aMed from giving the royal affent in parliament ta any bill or b&feforthe repealing or altering the a&made in England in the thirteenth; and fourteenth years of the reignj of King Charles the Second,: intituled, At\ aftfortbe uniformity*fpubltck prayers, and aimmifiratien of facraments, and other rites and ceremonies; and for efiabBfbing the form for makings ordaining, and tolerating bi/hopf pritfr, and deacons in the ehurtb of England; or the aft made in Seothmdin the fofrMion of parliament there, intituled. Aft for Jocurmg.thoproteftant religion, and preflyterian church government3 and all and every the faid lords Juftices concurring in giving the royal affent to any bill Qf bills fpr repealing or .altering the faid '	afts.

Lord juftices not tp diffolvc the parliament without direftion, nor alter.

13 8c 14 Car. 2. c.4.

Or anaft made in Scot* land.



Lords |nfttao9 t* take tKc oaths, i W. * M. fcff. v/

C. %m

By i Geo. *. ftaf. i. c. 5. amity 1 Geo

J14	Anno fesm ANMas. e. 7;	[1707.

ads, or ttthd' of them, JhaU be guilty of high treafon, and differ and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon.

XVHI. And be it farther ensued by die authority afbrefaid. That the ftidJords jufbces bcfore they aid or intermeddle in their laid offices, or any of the authorities hereby to them given, Hull take the oaths mentioned in an ad made in England in the firft year of the reign of their late majeftiee King	Queen

Alary, intituled, An a£t fir abrogating tbt of	and

Jupremacy, and appointing otbtr oatbs j and alfo the oath herein aner exprefled and enaded to be taken after the demife of her Majefty without ifiue of her body) which faid oaths (hall be taken before the privy council appointed to continue by virtue -	of this ad, who are hereby required and i D) powered to admi-

liepeaiedat'a oifter the fame; and that all the members of both houfes of ^fcers tjue&fy. parliament, and every member of the privy council, and all og tbemfel'vtJ officers or perfotu in any offices, places, or employments civil or military, who are or (hail be by this ad continued as afore-laid, ftiali take the faid oaths, and do all other ads roquifite by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, to qualify them Selves to be and continue in fuch their refpedive places, offices and employments, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, and under fach pains, penalties, and di(abilities,, as they Ihould or ought to do, had they been newly eleded, appointed, conftituted, or put into fuch offices, places, or employments in the ufual and ordinary way.

XIX.	And it is hereby further enaded and declared. That And he deem, all and every the perfotu that lhall be any of the lords jufticcs *doficcrs of by virtue of this ad, lhall be deemed and taken as perfcms exe-tra*> * curing offices of truft within England, and (hall be required to do all ads requifitc by the laws and ftatutes of England, to qualify them (elves to be and continue in their (aid offices or places •f truft, within fuch rimes, and in fuch manner, and under (uch pains, penalties, and dilabiliries as in and by the (aid ad am required.

..	,	XX. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefaid,

death 1 Ann. That from and after the detnife of her Majefty without illue of fat. /. c. **. * her body, inftead of the oath appointed to be taken by the ad, intituled. An aS for tbo farther feettritj of her and the fucctffionof the crown in thopretejtant Iter, and far extinguishing tbehepes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other .	pretenders,	and their open and feertt abetters, and de

totaTtafea ° affectation b he determined, the following oath (hail bo taken by ** 'all perfons required by the faid ad to take the bud oath theism mentioned, and hereby altered and. changed (that is to fay)

I A. B. da truly and fmert acknowledge, prtfeft, teflifj and declare in my coetfcienee, before Ged and the wind. That our vertign	is	lawful	and	rightful

of lists realm, and of all other	majefty's dendmem

and countries thereunto belonging. And I do foletemff and Jmcerep declare. That 1 do heft me ip my cinfcietut,that the ptrfon pretended

'	to



3*5

1707.3	Anno	fexto	Anna.	c. 7.

to	be prince tf Wiles during tht life of Jam*, And

fintt bis decafe pretending	to bo, and taking upon btmjolf tbo Jtitt

and title of Kxng of England, by tbo name of James tbo Third, bath

not any right or tttle whatjotvtr to the cr of this or any

other the dominions thereto belonging: and I do	refttjes,

and abjure any allegiance or obedience to him. dud I do	That

J will bear faith and true allegiance to	and	'

will defend to the	utmojl of my power, againjl all traitorous confpira*

ties and attempts wbatfoevtr which /ball be made perfon, crown, or dignity. And I will do	endeavour'to

difclofe and make known to Majefty and Jmttjfors aU

treafons and traitereus confptracies wmtb I

. or any of them. And 1 do faithfully promife, moft of my power,to fupport, maintain, and defend tbo ft&ejpou tf the crown	againft him toe /didJsunes, and all other per/bnt what*

foever, at the fame by an aft, intituled. An a& for die farther li- xt ** mitation of the crown, and better farming the rights and liberties of the fabjcdt, is and Jlands limited to the princefs Sophis, eliftnfs and	dutchefsdowagtr Hanover, and the hiirs of her body,

being protejiants. And all tbefe things I do plainly and	-

knowledge and /wear, according to the exprefs words by me fpeken, and according to the plain and common fenfe and underflanding tf tbit fame words, without any equivocation, mental evafion, or feiret -/emotion whatever. And I do make this	,	acknowledge

mem, abjteratloH, renunciation, and promife, heartily, wilBngly and truly, upon the true faith of a

>	So help me God. -

XXI.	The blanks of which oath {hall be filled up with the

name of her or him, as Queen, or King, who (hall be next in oath faoceffion, . according to the (aid a& for the further limitation be filled ef.the crown, and better (retiring the rights and liberties of the up. fnbjed, when the fa id oath is to take place, and with the other proper additions of the words her, his, or him, and from and after the death of the faid pretended prince of Wales, thefe words following, viz. [And I do feiemdy and /merely declare.

That 1 do believe in my	cmfaente, that the protended	to be

prince of Wales, during the life of the late King Junes, and feme bis deuafe pretending to bo, and taking upon	(tile	and

title of King of England, by tht name of James fAr Third, bath not any right or title wbatfoevtr to tbo crown of this realm, or any ether the deminions thereto belonging: and l do-renounce, refhfe, and abjure any allegiance tr obedience to him] (hall be left out, and . alfo the words [againft him tht faid • James, and aB Other perfects wbatfoevtr] {hall be omitted, and inflead thereof (hall be infert-ed [againft oilperfons whatfotver.')	1

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefald, -j^e fucceflor That fuch next facceedlng Queen or King (hall and may make may ufe any nfe of any feel, to affix to any writing or inftrutnent, which Teal before her (he or he (hall, before her or his arrival in Great Britain, make ?r

and pafe, to execute and do, or eaufe to be executed or done,	rK

any

Digitized by

Google

3«<>	Anno.fcjttO'AMNA c. 7.	t*7°7-

any jegal a& j. and it 'being fignified by fuch writing orinftru-ment, that the fame (hajl have the fame effied as ifpafied under the great fcal of Great	, or any other pqblick deal

ufed there, tt\e lame (hall.be of the fame force and effedt, as if jt were actually fealed hy the great feal of Great	,

fuch other publick feal, which the fame is declared to be intended to have the force and. effect of in fuch writing or ioftru-ment.

Parfitment XXIII. And be it further declared and ensued. That if, af-yalted by lord* ter the death of her Majefty without iffue, and before the ar-iuftiors eotm rival of any fucceeding Qucen or Kir^j in Great Britain, any parliament mall be called by the lords juftices, by writs teftcd ceflor> * in their names; by the arrival of fuch fuccoeding Oueen or King in Great Britain, fuch parliament (hall not be diflblved, but after fuch arrival (hall proceed without any new (umnaons. -Ptovifo in cafe XXIV. Provided always. That if any of the afoniaid (even any of the 7 officers, other than the office of lord, high treafoier of Great great office* Britain, (halt be in coiqmiffion at the time , of fuch dcoufe of her Majefty, that then the firft commiffioner of fuch refpedtive death. * commiffion (hall be one of the faid lords juftice* of Great

tain, and ufe, .exercife, and execute all powers, authorities, matters, and adts of government by this a<ft vefted ia the (aid lords juftices.of Great Britain, according to . the dircdrions and provisions of this ad, in as full and, ample manner, ae> if fuch office or offices were in the bands of a (ingle periao, provided, that if there be no lord high treafurpr of	«, and the

office of treafurer of the Exchequer (hall be in commiffion, then the firft in that commiffion (hall be one of the lords juftices of Great Britain.

Per lorn in of.	XXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore&id,

fme, gee. made That no perfon, who (hall have in his own name, .or in the kfrtpabte of name of any perfon or perfons in truft for him, or. for his bene-member* of any new °®ce or place of profit whatfoever under the pro wn, the houie of which at any time (ince the five and twentieth day of OMer, common*. in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and . five, have been created or efe&ed, or hereafter (hall be created or ere&ed, nor any perfon who (hall be commiffioner or fub-com-miffioner of prizes, fecretary or receiver of the prizes, nor any comptroller of the accounts of the army, nor any commiffioner of tranfports, nor any commiffioner of the fick and wounded. By i Geo. i. nor any agent for any regiment, nor any commiffioner for any (tat. *. c. 56. wine licences, nor any governor or deputy governor of any of No	penHoMerthe plantations, nor any commiffioners of the navy imployea in

Joryean jbajl Qf the out-ports, nor any perfon having any penfion from &c" ‘ ■ the crown during pleafure, (hall be capable of being eleded, or .v,/i5 Geo. *. of fitting or voting as a member of the houfe of commons in c.	any parliament which (hall be hereafter fummoned and holden.

Accepting of- XXVI. Provided always. That if any perfon being chofena while a'mem- member of the houfe of commons, (hall accept of any office of ber, election profit from the crown, during fuch time as he (hall continue a vpid: but may jnember, his de&ion (hall be, and is hereby declared tp be void.

Digitized by C'iOIC

1707.]	Anno	fexto	Annje.	C.7U	317

and a new writ (hall iffue for a qew election, as if fuch perfon be again ele&-fo accepting was naturally dead.* Provided neverthelefs, That **• fuch perfon (hall’becapableof heing again elected, as tfhiYplaco^ had not become void as afprefaid.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and he it enaCted, That in order to No #ffice to be prevent for the future too great a number of commiflioners ta cxe uted by be appointed or conftituted for the executing of any office, that100 ma”F

no greater number of commiflioners (hall be made or conftituted ^nu lon~ for^the execution of any office than have beeh employed in the execution* of fuch refpeCtive office at fbme time before the firft	*

day of this prefent parframenti *	’	'	’

XXVIII.	Provided alfo. That* nothing herein contained (hall Not to extend! extend, or be conftrbedto extend to any member df ;the houfe; to offitersia * of commons, being an officer Inhei^Majefty’s navjr or artny,thc ** ; who (hall receive any new, or bther^dnfoiiffion In thfe navy or'

army refpe6fively; .................0	1	\

. AXIX. And be it further enaCted^* That if any* perfon here- Pcrfons dif. by difabled, or declared to be incapable to fit or vote in any par- abled, if re-fiameht hereafter to be holden,Jfhbll neverthelefs be returned as turn£** f a member to ferVefor any county, ftewartry, city, town, cinque port, jn any luch parliament, fuch eleftfon, and. return rcWn void. trt hereby enaCted and declared to be void to all intents and pur-.	'

pofes whatfoever ; and if any perfon difabled, or declared incapable by this aCt tofee eleaed, fhali after the difiblution or	j

determination ofthte prefent parliament prefume to fit or vote as a member of the Rbufe of commons in any parliament to he hereafter iummoned, fuch perfon fofittingor votihg (hall forfeit Penalty on theftim of five1 hundred* pounds, to be recovered by fuch per- fitting. ton as (hall fue for the fame in England, by a&ion or debt, bill,* plaint or information, wherein no eflbin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed, and only one imparlance.	‘

XXX.	And be it further enaCted and declared. That every

perfon difabled to be elected, or to (it or vote in the houfe of commons of any parliament of England, (hall be difabled to be elected, or to fit or vote in the houfe of commons of any parliament of Great Britain.	J

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afbrefaid. No commif-That no perfon, who now is a commiflioner for difpofing the fioner for the film of three hundred ninety eight thouiand and eighty five equivalent dif-pounds ten (hillings, and all other turns anting to Scotland by being defted. way of equivalent, upon1 the agreements, and to the purpofes s mentioned in the articles of union of the two kingdoms, (hall

for or by reafon of fuch commiflion, or any other commiflion for difpofing the faid equivalent, Or any part thereof, or the execution of any fuch commiflion, or any thing relating thereunto, be diftbled front being elcCtcd a member of parliament, or fitfihg or voting as fuch in this, or any future parliament.

CAP.



[i7°7‘

Si9	Anno	facto	Annjb.	c.8, 9.

CAP. VIII.

A tfS far encouraging the drejfing and dying of woollen clothes within this kingdom, by laying a duty upon broad ' ' '	cloth	exported	white.

I. TX7HEREAS it has been foundneceffary towardsfupporting . VV the wooden mawfo&ure of this kingdom? that wooden clousp Doty of c*. to C9mmMb cadcd broad cictby be exported white: now to the intent be paid for that fuch exportation may not be prejudicial to the drafting or every broad dying of woollen clothes within this kingdom, we your Maje*, doth export- fty’3 moil dutiful fubieAs, the commons of Great Britain in Gmtvmtdfor P**®*®*** ailemhled, do humbly pray your Majcfty that k may tbirty-tyuo be enaded; and be it eoa&ed by the Queen’s mod excellent years by 9 An- majefty, by and with the advict and confent of the lords (pi-nae, c. 6.and ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent;parliament ^(leei^c 6. affemhled, and by the authority of the fame. That a duty of 3	'	five (hillings (hall be paid tqjier Majefty, her heks and fuccef-

fors, for every white woollen doth, commonly called broad * doth, which mall be exported out of this kingdom into foreign parts.

Cloth dupt be- II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fore duty if any peribn or ptrfbns (hall export, or fhip onany boat or vef*. paid, forfeit- fij, in order to exportation into foreign parts, any white woollen cloth or clothes, commonly called broad doth, without firft paying the duty aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfon* (hall forfeit fr . ■ every fuch doth or ^fothes, which (hall be io (hipped in order to exportation, contrary to the intent and meaning of. this ad, or the value of fuch cloth or dothes; one moiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs and (uccefibrs; the other moiety to fuch per** (bn as (hall feizc, inform, or fue for the fame.

CAP. IX.

An act for the exportation of white woollen cloth.

14&15H. 2. !fT7’HEREAS by an a& of parliament made in the fourteenth

c‘	V V andfifteenth years of the reign of King Henry toe Eighth,

intituled, Touching worfted weavers of Yarmouth and Lynny it is among/} other things ena£iedy That no perfon or perfons any time after convey or tranfport into any of the parts beyond the feay any manner of clothes or werfteds before the fame clothes be Jhorny dyed, Patent grant- **b*redy and calendred, upon pain of forfeiting the value thereof: ed 6 Elfz. to and whereas in the fixtb year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth a pa* the Hambo- tent was granted to the Hamborough company for every with liber-rough com- ^ t0 expart thirty thoufand clothesy though not wrought or dreffei, twenty five thoufand whereof to be above the value of three poundsy and under the value of fix pounds per cloth y and the other five thou-fund to.be above the value of four pounds pee cloth; and whereas in Patent a8 Car. the eight and twentieth year of the reign of King Charles the Se-a.tothe coun- con(i anotber patent was granted to Sir James Hayes and Sir Peter lLid°fbr men- Apfley, knightsy in trufi for the late countefs of Portland, for the ty one yean, term of one and twenty years, to licenfe the exportation of aU manner

cf

Digitized by

Google

1707J	Annofexio	Awh^vc.io,i i.	&19

$f wmlltn clstbii* whit* as weR as tskurtd* though not barbed* rawed* Jborn or drifted* without limitation as to prist or number, wtb power tefgpee and compound with the exporter for the quantum to be paid them for the dunce to export the fame: and whereas the laft mentioned patent expired in or about the month of May, in the year if our Lord one tboujdnd[even hundred and /even* fwce the expires-tion of which faid patent* the officers of her Majeftfs cuftoms have pose a flop to the exportation of all white clothes > and fome doubts have arifen whether the fame may be exported* notwithjlanding the many good laws that bane bun made for the encouragement of the woollen mamfailure: and whereas there are great quantities of white woollen clothes now ready to he jbipt oft and exported into parts beyond the foasy wbero 4bere is a great demand for the fame* and it hath hem the wifiom of this nation in all ages to give all due entourage-munt to the woollen manufaSture thereof: For preventing therefore of all doubts that havq or may arife concerning the exportation of white waoUea cloth, and for the better encouragement of the woollen manufa&ure of this kingdom, and employment of the poor, be it ena&ed by the Qpeen’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or peribns whatfoever to export out of the kingdom of Great Britain or dominion of Wales* any white woollen doth whatever whatfoevo*, .made or manufa&ured within the faid kingdom of made in Great Great Britamos dominion of Wales; any law, ftatuie, ordinance, Britain, &c, jcuftotn, prescription or provifion whatioever to the contrary not-withftanding.	ponce.

CAP. X.	'

aft for the better recruiting her Majefty'* land forces and the a*- pvn rises, for the fervice of the year one thouiand (even hundred and eight.ujr#

CAP. XI.

An	aB for	centiasting one half part of the fubfidks of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon	goods

• and merchandizes imported, which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and for fettling a fund thereby, and by other . ways and means,for payment of annuities, not exceeding eighty tboufand pounds per annum, to he fold for raifutg a further Jupply to her Majefty for the	of the year

one tboufand feven hundred and eight, and other ufes therein exprejfed.

I.	"jIA’OST gracious Sovereign; ivbereas fsvtral ef JLVA tonnage and poundage, and other duties and of money, upon wines, goods, and ether merchandizes, were given and granted unto ids latf	Majtfty King Charles the Second ( ble/fed memory)

for hjs lift, , by art afi of parliament made in the twelfth year of his Qar_ u c reign,	intituled,A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and

poundage and other fums of money payable upon merchandizes

exported

Digitized by L^ooQle

Annofe*to ANNA. c. it.	[1707.

exported and imported, and by the booh of rates thereunto annexed \ which Jubfdies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties and font of money y upon wines, goods and merchandises, as well exported as imported^ (with form alterations) were by feveral fubfequent abfs of parliament granted to continue until the fifth day of Auguft, one than*

5 Ann. c. *7 find feven hundred and ten: and' whereas by an aft of parliament

made in the fifth year of your Majeftfs reign, (intituled) An act fot continuing feveral fubfidies, impofitions, and duties, and fot making provifions therein mentioned, to ratfe money by way of loan, ror the fervice of the war, and other her MajeftyS neceflary and important occafions, and for afcertiining the wine-mea-fare) the findfubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties and fitms of money, were enabled to continue, and be payable to yostr Ma-jefijy for and upon all wineSy goods and merchandizes, which fbouli fie imported at any time or times between the lafi day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and the firjl day of Auguft, on* thmfand feven hundred and twelve: Now, IVe pour Majefifs moft dutiful and loyal fubjebls the commons of Great Britain in parliament i »So ooo 1. to	having	refohuedy	that	a further fumy not exceeding one mil-

be raifed by “Qn hwo hundred and eightythoufand pounds, be raifed by fale of an-fide of annui- unities in the mariner herein after mentioned, to wit* one million and tic*, whereof twenty thoufand pounds thereof for the better enabling your Majefty tho^wcpenc^dF^ defray the expence of the prefent war, and other your Mafeftft the warTW. neceffory and important occafions; and two hundred and Jixty and i6o,oqo I. thoufand pounds, reftdue thereof to be applied in fiucb ntamer as is for payment herein after mentioned, towards making good the payment of the an-w^hafed^n 7l^tHS t0 ^ purchafed upon this ably have, for that end and pur*-this aft, pofe, cheerfully and unanimoufly given and granted, and do by this aft give and grant unto your Majefty the further fubfidies, duties, and fums of money herein after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Half fubfidy of authority of the fame. That over and above all other fubfidies, tonnage and . additional duties, impofitions, and payments whatfoever, by continued	•any former or other aft or afts of parliament, or otherwife how-

from 31 July, foever, already due or payable, or which ought to be paid to her 171a, for Majefty, for or upon any wines, goods, or merchandizes what-

06	years. foever, imported or to be imported, there (hall be raifed, levied, 12eoT ftat.c°lkfted, and fatisfied unto her Majefty, her heirs and s. c. i». V. *. iucceflors, for ah$l upon all wipes, goods, and merchandises, 5 Ann. c. *7. which at any time or times, from and after the laft day o(July* Surplusofmo. one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, within or during the this adi^how^^erm °f ninety fix years from thence next and immediately en-appropriated'. fu*n£* fliall be imported or brought into Great Britain, ona

7	Ann. c. 7. moiety or half part of fuch and the like feveral and refpeftive

f	fubfidies, duties, and fums of money, as by the faid aft of the

fifth ye^r of her Majeft/s reign are charged or payable within or during the term or time thereby granted or limited, for or

upon

321

1707.] - Anno fextp Ann^e. <c.	ii.

upon the likq, imported wines, goods, and merchandizes refpec-tiveiy ; except fuch goods anid otljer merchandises as by the faid Except goods b& of the%fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, or by any law now ^cm^.le<x^y in fotce, are exempted from the payment of the lubfidies or duties which were firft granted in the twelfth year, of the reign * * of VLxng Charles theSecqndasaforefaid. .	.	,

II.	And it is hereby enaded, That in all cafes where, by the

fatid ad of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, or by. any ad relating thereunto, any drawbacks or abatements are to be made	>

of the whole or any part of the duties thereby impaled, upon

any wines, goods or merchandifes whatfoever, there (hall be ip The fame the like cafes proportional drawbacks and abatements made of drawbacks, ,the whole or part of the duties by this ad impofed upon the allowed, fame wines, goods, and merchandizes refpedivelv ; and that the feveral fubfidies and duties by this ad granted, during the cpn- ^revived?" tinuance thereof, (hall be railed, collected, levied, fecured, and paid, within and throughout the kingdom of Great Britain^ by . the (ame ways, means, and methods* and under fuch penalties land forfeitures,and with fuch allowances, and lubjed to (uch rules and directions as in and by the faid a<5t of the fifth,year of .her Majefty’g reign, or by any other ad or ads therein referred unto, are prescribed or appointed, for the railing, colleding, levying, fecuring, and paying the laid fubfidies ancfduties granted by. the faid a<5t of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, during the con- 5 Ann. c. 27* tinuance.thereof; and that every article, rule, and claufe contained in the faid ad of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, or in any a& qr ads of parliament therein mentioned, or thereby referred unto, for raifing, colleding, levying, fecuring, and paying the (aid fubfidies and duties thereby granted, during the continuance thereof, are and (hall be by force of this ad revived, and (hall be ufed, exercifed and put in pradice, for the railings levying, colleding, and anfwering the fubfidies and duties granted or impofed.by this prefent ad, during the faid term of ninety fix years, and all arrearages thereof from time tp time, as fully and effedually as if the fame articles, rules, and claufes, and every of them, were again particularly and at large recited and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad ; except Except where only as to fuch of the faid articles, rules, and claufes, touch- other provi-ing which other provifions, alterations, or exemptions are made “ made, by any ad or ads of parliament now in being, which other provifions, alterations, or exemptions (hall be obferved withre-fped to the duties hereby granted, during the continuance of this ad, in the fame manner as they are to be obferved with re-fped to the faid fubfidies formerly granted as aforefaid.

III.	And for the better and more fure payment of all the an- Monies to be nuities to be purchafed on this ad, be it further enaded by the paid into the authority aforefaid, That all the monies arifing from time to ““S®* time by or for the further fubfidies and duties by this ad grant- p **

ed or payable (the neceflary charges of managing, raifing, le-vying, colleding, anfwering, paying, and accounting, for the fame only excepted) (hall from time to time, from and afjer the

Vol. XX.	Y	com-

Digitized by

Google

3*2

Anno fexto Annje. C.ii.

[1707.

After the principal, charged by 5 Ann.c. 17. are paid off, then the half fubfidy to be paid weekly into the Exchequer.

commencement thereof, for and during the laid term of ninety fix years therein granted, be brought and paid by the receiver general, or fuch perfon or perfons as for the time being (hall have the receipt thereof (who are hereby required and enjoined to brm^ and pay the fame as it (hall be raifed) into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purpofes in this aft exprefled, diftinft-Iv and Separately from all other monies whatfoever that are or (nail be payable by him or them into the faid receipt.

IV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That firom and immediately after the time that all the principal and inte-' reft monies which by the faid aft of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign are charged upon the aforefaid fubfidies of tonnage and

poundage thereby granted, (hall be fatisfied and paid off, or that money (hall be referved in the Exchequer fufficientfor that pur* pofe, then one moiety or half part of the aforefaid fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, to arife by the faid aft of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, for the remainder of the term thereby granted, and therein then to come and unexpired (except the neccflary charges of railing, collefting, levying, and accounting for the fame) (hall in like manner from time to time be brought and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer for the purpofes in this aft exprefled diftinftly and apart as aforefaid, and the faid receiver and receivers general, or other perfons who (hail have the receipt of the faid moiety or half part of the faid fubfidies and duties by this or the faid former aft granted, and hereby required to be paid into the receipt of the Exchequer as a-forefaid, (hall make or caufe to be made the payments thereof into the faid receipt of the Exchequer, according to the true meaning of this aft, weekly, to wit, on IVednefday in every week, if it be not an holy-day, and if it be, then on the next day after that is not an holy-day.

V.	And for the better Securing the quarterly paymentswhich lhall grow due upon the annuities to be purchafed in purfuance of this aft, before the monies arifmg by the half-fubfidies and duties before-mentioned can take place for payment of the feme,

*6o,oool. re- ^ cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid fam not ctiarging^he cxcccd*ng two hundred and (ixty thoufand pounds, part of the quarterly pay- contribution monies to be raifed by fale of annuities upon this —	aft, or fo much thereof as (hall be fuflicient in this behalf, (hall

and may be referved and applied for and towards the difeharging the quarterly payments laft~mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid half fubfidies and duties by this aft appointed to be paid into the Exchequer weekly for the purpofes in this aft contained, as aforefaid, and the (aid fum not exceeding two hundred and (ixty thoufand pounds hereby direfted to be referved out of the contribution-money as aforefaid, or fo much of the fame fubfidies, duties, and referved monies as fhall be lufficient for infwering the full and due payment of all the annuities to be purchafed on this aft, and all arrearages thereof from rime co time incurred, are and (hall be by virtud of this aft, liable and

ap-

ments.

The half fubfidy, See. appropriated for payment of the annuities.

Digitized by

3*3

1707.*)	Anno foxto Anna. c. n.

appropriated thereunto, and fhaH not be diverted or «fiveftible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, under the penalties, forfeitures, and dHabilities in this alt expreffed; and all the monies arifing by the (aid half fubfidms, duties, and provi-fions hereby made, out of which the faid annuities to be pur-chafed upon this alt are to be fatisfied, (hall be fairly and duly entred in one or more book or books to be kept in the offices To be entred of the auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells for that in a book, &c. purpofe, to which all perfons concerned at all feafonable times (hall have'free accefs, without fee or charge.

VII.	And to the end all the monies by this all appropriated Commiflioners for payment of the annuities to be pUrchafed on this all, may and other of-be duly and certainly raifed and brought into the receipt of the 5f€r#,0^l Exchequer for that purpofe, it is hereby further enaded, That00 ^P01®1 from time to time, during the continuance of this all, there lhall be continued or appointed commiflioners, and a receiver or receivers general, as aJfo comptrollers, colle&ors, and other proper officers for railing the fevera! half fubfidies and duties by this all intended for the payment of the annuities to be pur-chafed thereupon, and for keeping the accounts of the fame; and that all commiflioners, receivers general, comptrollers, col-fcHors, and other officers, who are or (hall be concerned in the managing, railing, levying, receiving, colleding, or paying the ferne, or. in keeping the accounts thereof, (hafl perform their fevera] and refpedive duties therein, as to them refpellively (hall who (hall be

Sertain, under fuch and the like penalties, forfeitures, and fubjeft to the bilities, for any offence or neglelt therein, or for detaining penalties, &c. diverting, or mifapplying any part of the faid monies, as are l” ^ *°	*

preferibed and to be inflrlled by virtue of an alt pf parliament 3‘ made and pafled in the ninth year of the reign of his late maje-fky King WiUxam the Third, of glorious memory (intituled. An 'aft for raiftng a fum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies) for the like offence or negleil in relation to the duties upon fait, and other duties upon^lampt vellum, parchment, and paper thereby granted, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies which were granted by the all laft-mentioned.	s

VIII.	And for the raifing any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the laid (um of one million and two hun- may lend dred and eighty thoufand pounds, for fuch ufes as aforefafd, 1.180,0001. it is hereby further enalled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, ,6 years pur-natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, chafe, advance, and pay into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer for her MajeftVs ufe, at or before the refpellive days and times in this all limited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one million two hun? dred and eighty thoufand pounds, for purchafing any annuity or annuities to be paid and payable during the full term of ninety nine years, to be reckoned from the four and twentieth day of

Ya

tune. 1

Digitized by

Google

3H

Anno fexto Anna c. i i.	r*7°7-

June% in the year of* our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, at the rate of fixteen years purchafe, which rate doth amount to the fum of one hundred and Axty pounds for every fuch annuity of ten pounds per annum* and proportionally for Times of pay- any greater annuity; and the fame rate, or conftderation-money, meat.	is hereby appointed to be paid into the faid receipt, at or before

the refpcdive days or times herein after mentioned; that is to fay, one fourth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of April* in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight; one other fourth part thereof on or before the two and twentieth day of June* in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight; one other fourth part thereof on or before the twentieth day of Augujl in the year of our Lord one Annuities not thoufand feven hundrea and eight; and the remaining fourth * J part thereof on or before the twentieth day of Oftober* in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight: all which annuities fo to be purchafed, (hall not exceed in the whole the fum of eighty thoufand pounds per annum* and (hall he paid and payable at the four mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the feaft of St. Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the blefled virgin Mary, and the nativity of Saint John Baptift, by even and equal portions; the fird payment thereof to be due at the feaft of St. Michael the archangel, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight.

IX.	And it is hereby enaded, That in the offices of the auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells in the Exchequer fe-verally, there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which there (hall be fairly entred the names of all who (hall be contributors,' and of all perfons by whofe hands the faid con* tributors (hall pay in any of the faid fums upon this ad, and alfo the fum fo paid: to which book it (hall be lawfid for the faid refpedive contributors, their executors, admini-drators, and afligns, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, to have refort, and to infped the lame without fee or reward.

Annuities X. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That thehaif a^ anc^ everY annuities whatfoever, which (nail be purchafed fidy, Sec. " uPon or purfuance of this prefent ad, (hall be and are here-9	*	by charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable from time to

time in the fird place, and with preference to all other payments whatfoever, out of the monies arifing from time to time, of or for the faid half fubfidies, and other duties appointed to be brought in weekly for that purpofe, as aforefaid, and out of the faid Aim of the contribution-money hereby appointed to be referved, as aforefaid; and fo much or the faia half fubfidies, duties, and re-ferved monies fo appointed, as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and difeharge all the annuities to be purchafed on this ad, and all the arrearages thereof, at any time due or owing, are and (hall be, by virtue of this ad, appropriated and applied to and for fatisfying and difcharguig of the lame annuities, and fu i ar-•	rearages

. to exceed So.ooo I. per annum, and to be paid quarterly.

In pari ftib-fcribtd mto South Sea , ftocktmrfuant to 6 Geo. i. c. 4.

Contributors names to be entred. See,



3*5

.*707*1	Anno	fcxto AUnM. c. ii.

rearages thereof accordingly, and fhall be iffued, difpofed, and applied to that ufe, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities in this adt exprefled ; any thing herein contained, or other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the autho- Surplui to be rity aforefaid, That ir at the end of any quarter of a year of the p^Elick ufe. term for which the annuities upon this adt are to be purchafed, farther pro^ the monies arifing at the Exchequer of or for the faid half fub- <vif»ns relating fidies and duties by this adt appropriated (the contribution-mo- hereto. ney to be referved, as aforefaid, being excepted) (hall exceed all j	7*

the monies then due for or upon the lame annuities, and all *' arrearages thereof, then or at any time or times before that time incurred, fo that there (hall be an excels or furplus remaining in the Exchequer, fuch excels or furplus (hall be difpofable from time to time for the publick ufe and Service, and not otherwife ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

• XII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Contributors That ail and every contributor and contributors upon this adt, entitled to the duly paying the conflderation or purchafe-money at the rate a- annuitie», &c. forefaid, at or before the refpedtive days or times in this adt li- . mited in that behalf, for any fuch annuity or annuities as afore* bud, or fuch as he, (he, or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this adt, to have, receive, and enjoy the refpedtive annuity and annuities lo to be purchafed out or tne monies by this adt appropriated or appointed for the payment thereof, during the faid whole term of ninety nine years, to be purchafed therein, as is above-men-tkmed; and that all and every fuch purchafers, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns refpedtively, (hall have good andfure eftates and interefts in the feveral annuities fo by them to be purchafed according to the tenor and true meaning of this adt; and that all the faid annuities to be purchafed on this adt, and every Tax-free, of them, during the term aforefaid, (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions whatfoever.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, And to have That every contributor upon this adt tor any annuity or annui- tallies and tics as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or orders (truck, afligns, upon payment of the confideration or purchafe-money for the fame, at the rate aforefaid, or any part or proportion thereof, within the time or times in this adt limited in that behalf, (hall immediately have one or more tally or tallies levied, importing the receipt of fo much con(ideration-money as (hall ' be fo paid ; and upon payment of all the purchafe- money for any fuch annuity or anhuities, at the rate aforefaid, every fuch contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuc-ceflbrs, or afligns refpedtively, (hall have an order for paying of the faid annuity and annuities, for and during the faid term of ninety nine years, to be purchafed therein; which order (hall be Ggned by the treafurer and under treafurer of the Exchequer,

Yj	or

Digitized

ed by Google

326	Anno fcxtp Annjb. c.	it,

or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being; and after the (igning thereof* the fame (hall be good, valid, and effe&ual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this adt, and (hall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treafiirer or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiffioner or com-mi (Boners of the treafury, or by or upon the determination of the power, office, or offices of them or any of them 5 nor fhaii any lord high treafurer of Great Britain, treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiffioners of the treafury now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fuch orders fo figned as aforefaid, or any of them.

5	per cent, for XIV. And for the encouragement of the contributors to ad-ment^beibre” vancc anc* W forthwith into the receipt of the Exchequer the *o April, 1708. fums by them intended to be advanced upon this acf, it is provided and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch contributor who (hall advance and pay into the faid receipt of Exchequer, all or any part of the purchafe-monev payable for any fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, before tne (aid twen^ tieth day of Aprils in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, his, her, or their executors, adminiftratars, or affigns, (hall be allowed and paid out of the contribution-r money arifing by this ad, intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for the prompt payment of the money (b advanced, from the time of the a&ual advancing and paying die fame, until the faid twentieth day of Aprils one thoufaod feven * hundred and eight.

Annuities if- XV. And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be fignatye, &c# lawful to and for any contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or affigns, at any time or times, during the continuance of his, her, or their term, eftate, or intereft of and in any annuity to be purchafed upon this ad, by any writing under his, her, or their hands and feak, or under the common feal of a corporation, or by his, her, or their laft will in writing, to affign or devife fuch annuity, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, to any period or periods whatfoever, and fo toties quotieSy and no fuch affigntnent to be revocable, fo as an entry or memorandum of fuch affigmnent or will be made in books to be kept for that purpofe in the faid office of the auditor of the receipt, within the fp^ce of three months after fuch alignment, or death of the devifor; and that upon producing fuch affigntnent, or will, or probate thereof, in the (aid office of receipt, to be entred as aforefaid, the party fo producing the fame (hall bring therewith an affidavit taken before one or more of her Majefty’s juftices of the peace, of the due execution of the faid affignmentor will, which affidavit (hall be feverally filed in the faid office; which faid entry or memorandum the proper officers in the (aid receipt of Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the faid affida~ yits ; and in default of fuch alignment or devife by deed or witty

Digitized by L.00Q Le

3*/

i?0?-!	Anno fexto Ann-®, c. ii.

the intereft of (uch contributor (hall go to hi* or her executors or adminiftrators.

XVI.	And it, Is hereby ena&ed, That it (hall and may be Guardians lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofal of the may advance qroney of any infant under the age of one and twenty years, for for be-the ute and benefit of fuch infant, to advance and pay the fum of ncfit of m*ant‘ one hundred and fixty pounds of the money of fuen infant, to purchafe an annuity upon this ad, for the benefit of fuch in*.

fant, and the faid guardian or truftee, as to the faid fum of one hundred and (ixty pounds io advanced, is hereby difeharged.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, for the better encourage- officers of the ment of perfons to advance the monies on this ad. That all Exchequer to receipts and blues, and all other things direded by this ad to take no fee, be performed in the Exchequer, (hall be done and performed by &c*

the officers there, without demanding or receiving, diredly or indire&ly, any fee* gfatuity or reward for the fame; and in cafe any of the officers of the Exchequer fhall take or demand any fiich fee or reward* or (hall divert or mifapply any of thempniea of the faid half fubfidies, and other duties or monies hereby appropriated, or any part thereof, which (hould make good the payment of the laid annuities, or (hall pay or iffue out the fame otherwife than according to the intent of this ad, or (hall not keep books or regifters, and make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this ad they are required to perform, every fuch officer (hall forfeit his office, and be for ever uncap-able of any office or place of truft, and (hall anfwer and pay treble damages to every contributor or perfon who (hall be pre«> judiced thereby, to be recovered by adion.of debt, bill, plaint* pr information, in any of her M^jefty’s courts of record at Weft-wnfter, wherein no eiloin, protection, privilege of parliament, or other privilege, wager of law, injunction, order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed; and io the faid adion the plaintiff upon recovery (hall have full cofts5 third of, which fum to be recovered for damages (hall be to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and fuceaeffors, and the other two third parts, with the cofts, (hall be to the ufe of the pro-fccutor; and in cafe there (hall be any cqllufion or feint profe-cution between the plaintiff and defendant in fuch adion, it (hall be lawful for any other contributor, his or her executors, ad-miniftrators, or aftigns, to bring another adion, wherein he or ffie (hall recover as aforelaid, to the like ufes as aforefaid.

XVIIL^ Provided always. That no perfon or perfons what- No purchafe foever (hall or may purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to pur- Vnlcfsh?£c -d chafe or obtain any annuity whatfoever upon this ad, unlefc the Ap^ whole, or one, fourth part at lead of the confideration-money ,y0g.	9

for the fame, at fuch rate as aforefoid, be advanced and paid into the faid receipt of Exchequer on or before the faid twentieth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eight.

XIX. Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor as a- Contributor forefeid, who (hall on or before the faid twentieth day of April, paying one one thoufand feven hundred and eight, have advanced one fourth fourth part.

* 4

part

and not the

Digitized by

Google

Anno facto Annj*. c. i i.	[1707.

part of his or her purchaiermoney, or his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, focceflbrs, or affigns, do not advance and pay into the faid receipt of Exchequer one other fourth part of his or her confideration-money, fo to be paid for fuch refpedive annuity or annuities as aforefaid, on or before the (aid two and twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eight 5 and one other fourth part thereof on or before the (aid twentieth day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and eirht; and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the hud twentieth day of OflobeTy one thoufand feven hundred and eights then, and in every fuch cafe refpedively, no order (hall be drawn or figned for fuch refpedive annuity, for which the con-fideration-money (hall not be fully paid as aforefaid; but fo much of the confideration-money as (hall have been a&ually paid iqto the receipt of the Exchequer for fuch refpedive annuity, (hall be forfeited to her Majjefty, her heirs ana fucceffors, and (hall he applied, together with other the monies to be raifed by this ad, for fuch publick fervices as aforefaid \ any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwhhftanding.

Treafury may : XX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted. That it (hall w^lerks an<* may *aw^ to anc* ^or tteafurcr of the Exchequer, or Sc^out^f^he anT ^ree or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the furplus of time being, out of the faid half fubfidies and other duties by duties, icc. this ad appropriated for making good the faid fond, not exceeding eighty thousand poundsperannunty which (hall arife over and above fo much as (nail be fufficient to make np the faid yearly fond for difeharging all the annuities to be purchafed on this ad, to reward the officers, clerks, and others to be employed in the payment of the faid annuities, or the accounts thereof, for their labour, pains, charges, and fervice therein refpedively, and to defray all other the neceffary charges incident to the payment of the faid annuities, as to the faid treafurer or comtniT-fioners of the treafury for the time being (hall feem meet and reafonable in that behalf$ any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwitfotanding.

XXI.	And whereas in and by the faid aft of the fifth year of her faid Mojeftfs reigny a credit was given for any Jums not exceeding eight hundred twenty two thoufand three hundred eighty one pottndsy fifteen JbiUings and fix pence farthingy to be borrowed at an interefiy after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, upon the feve-ral fubfidies, impofitionsy and duties in that aft mentionedy and the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the commifjioners of the treafuiy for the time being, are thereby authorized and direftedtocoufe the officers of the receipr of Exchequer to receive from time to time by way of loony at the like interefiy at the faid receipt, any further fum and fums of money over and above the faid fum of eight hundred twenty two thoufand three hundred eighty one pounds, fifteen JbiflingSy and fix pence farthingy as Jhould be fufficient to make good the payment of all the intereft monies appointed or allowed by tlmt afty every three months, until the fubfidies, impofitionsy and duties therein mentioned Jhould come into the Exchequer, and be fufficient for that par-

34*

remainder, forfeits what is paid.





1707.]	Anno	fexto Anna. c. i i.	329

pofiy purJUant to the true intent and meaning of that a8: now it is Claufe of hereby provided and enadted by the authority aforefaid, That cr*bt in -nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be conftruod to £ot i^fe^ed** extend to the taking away, altering, or leiTening the faid power by this a& and direction of borrowing monies to make good the payment*

Of the faid intereft every three months, until the faid fubfidies, impofitions, and duties in the faid recited adt mentioned (hall come in and be fufiicient for that purpofe as aforefaid, or in any wife to alter or prejudice the fecurity given by the faid adt of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, for the repayment or fatisfac-tkm of the fame, or any other the principal or intereft monies,

Which were fecused, or intended to be fectired by that adt, and that the orders for the fame (hall be regiftred in courfe, and paid in the fame manner as if this adt had not been made; this prerent adt, or any thing therein contained, or any other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

' XXII. And whereas feveral titiets, commonly called Million lottery tickets, and Malt lottery tickets, which are f ill unpaid, and Several bills called Exchequer bills, not yet difeharged, alfo divers forts of bills or certificates, commonly called Debentures, made forth for arrears due to the army9 and for tranfport fervices, not. being ap~

>lied to the purebafing of any of the forfeited efiates in Ireland, or ithirwife difthargedy and alfo divers tallies and orders for payment of onnuitxes granted by afts of parliament, are by cafualty or mifchance

afly burnty or otherwife defrayed; be it hereby further enadted, Lottenrtic-rhat in all cafes where it (hall appear by affidavit, to be made kers, Exche-tefbre any of the barons of the Exchequer for the time being, bl,ls*^e-o the fatisfadhon of fuch baron or barons, That any fuch tic- burnt tets, bills, debentures, tallies, or orders, as aforelaid, before and not dif-he third day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and feven,‘charged, new lave been or are loft, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, it (hall and onac*t®o^?h . hay be lawful for the refpedtive officers or perfons appointed to J”au fuc^ 2 (Tue and make forth the faid tickets, bills, debentures, tallies, loft, &c. ir orders, or to pay and difeharge the fame, or to iflueany mo- On affidavit ties due and payable thereon, upon the producing of a certificate and rotnany of the faid barons of fuch affidavit made before him>ca c* which affidavit the faid barons, or any of them, is and are lereby authorized to take, and which certificate he or they alre |ereby required to make and grant without fee or reward) and ti fecurity given to the faid refpedtive officers and perfons td |eir good liking, to indemnify them refpedtively againft all other £ribne whatfoever, for or concerning the monies fpecified hi,	*

e due upon fuch refpedtive ticket or tickets, bill or bills, de-	'

bnture or debentures, talley or tallies, order or orders, they tfa faid officers and perfons refpedtively, (hall and are hereby rtuired to make forth duplicates of the faid tickets, bills, de-botures, or orders, and to innovate the faid tallies, at the re-officers to pay <jfeft of the refpedtive owners, and to pay and difeharge the faid the fame, beets, hills, debentures, tallies, and orders, and all fuch in-tefcft as is or (hall be due on t|ie faid tickets, bills, debentures, orhders, carrying intereft, as he or they fhould have paid and

difeharged

Digitized by

Google

Without fee.

Iri(h debentures not regiftred within times limited, may be regiftred before *4 June,1708. 4 Amur, c. 24.

Paftfca&rt

having paid one fourth

gart, &c. may aveadvanced all or any the.; quarterly payments, due before 29 Sept. 1711. deducting 41. per cent.

AwP fetto Ann,*, c. it.	[	1707.

ffifcbarged 00 the feid original billsf tickets, debentures, tallies, or orders, if the (acne had been produced, and (hall be allowed the fame in all their refpedive accounts; and if there (hall not be any proper officer or perfon to make forth the (aid duplicates, or any of them, that the lord high treafurer of her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, or the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three of them, (hall and are hereby authorized and required upon fuch affidavit and fecurity, asafore-faid, to order and dire& any fuch duplicates to be made forth, in fuch manner as he or they (hall judge to be beft ; all which matters and things (hall be done without fee or reward to be taken or demanded for the fame; any thing in tills or any other aA of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And whereas feveral officers and other proprietors of da-btntuns modi fertb bytke late pmmajler of the army, commimmerx for tranfports, and by the commiffioners of accounts, in that behalf authorized refpeftivefy, have omitted to regifter the faid debentures within the time limited by aft of parliament for that purpofe made and pajfed in the fourth year of her prefent Majejlys reign, intituled, Aq aft to enlarge the time for regiftring unfatisfied debentures upon the forfeited eftates in Ireland, and for renewing of other debenture? which have been loft, burnt, or deftroyed; for the relief therefore of all fuch officers and other proprietors of the faid unregiftred debentures, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefajd. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for all fucb officers an< other proprietors of any of the faid debentures, who have nq regiftred the fame, to regifter their debentures on or before th* four and twentieth day or June, one thoufand feven hundred ani eight; which faid debentures being io regiftred, (hall, and an hereby, entitled to ail the benefit of intereft and other advai> tages* as if regiftred on or before the four and twentieth day <f March\ one thoufand (even hundred and fix.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enacted and declared tr the authority aforefiud. That , in cafe any purchafer or purchases of any annuity or annuities upon this a eft, having paid 00 fourth part or more of tbopwchafe-money hereby appointed t> be paid for the fame, (hall be minded and defirous to be pad by way of advance out of the monies by this aft appointed p be relerved (when fuch money ftiall be referved) as aforefaa, all or any of the quarterly payments to grow due upon fuch annuity or annuities at or before Michaelmas, one thoufand, fevm hundred and eleven, then an order (hall be forthwith drawn aid figned, according to the courfe of the Exchequer, and fatisfiri, for the immediate paying, by way of advance, fuch quartfly payments, as aforefaid, out of the faid referved monies, deducting for the ufes of this a&, upon every quarterly payment fit* fie advanced, fo much as an intereft after the rate of four poinds per centum per annum (hall amount unto, from the time of ftcb advance, until fuch quarterly payments refpedlively would gfow

Jus

Digitized by

Google

1707J	Anno facto Amur. c. iL	jjf

doe by the day* of payment Unfitted for the fame by’this *6t;

any thing in this a6t contained to the contrary notwithftanding*

•	cap.	xn.

/fn a 3 to explain the a3 of t be laft fejjion of parliament, for the cafe of her Majejifs fubjefis in relation to allowances out of tie duties upon fait carried coafiwifc, and alfo an aft of tie firft year of fyr Majefty's reign, in relation to certain Jolt works near tie fea-fide and bay of Holy-head in tie county of Anglefca.

I- TI7HEREAS by an a3 puffed the laft feffion of parliament, Ann»,c,** W intituled, An ad for the cafe of her Majefty’s fabje&s 5 in relation to the duties upon (alt, and for making tne like allowances upon the exportation of white herrings, ndh, oatmeal, and grain called beer, alias bigg» as are to be made upon exportation of the like from Scotland \ it was provided and enabled.

That any perfon that JbaU Jbip any Englifh white fait or rock felt to pe carried coajlwife, after the firft day of May, one thoufand/even hundred and feven^from one pert ^/'England or Wales, or the port {/'Berwick upon Tweed, to any port {/England or Wales or Bcrr wick tfpM Tweed, the duties having been paid or feewred to be paid, according to former laws, JbaU have an allowance made to him after the rate of three bujhelsfor every forty bujbels ^Englilh white fait, and after the rate of one hnjhelandan half for every forty bu/bels of Englifh rock fait Jo Jbitped to be carried coaftwife, and proportion* ably for a greater or left Quantity, in confideration of the ordinary wafte in tie carriage thereof \ which allowance JbaU be but once made for the fame fait, although Juch fait Jball be carried from feveral ports eoaflwij't, as aforefaid: and whereas there has been fome doubt in rs~ ..

Jation to the allowance for the ordinary wafte of fait, where tbefaid ^^oTfalt. Jolt has been Jbipped to be carried to a member of the fame port, though at a confiderable diftance from the fame; be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Allowances all perftms that (hall (from and after the firft day of March, one for fait carried thoufand feven hundred and feven) (hip fait to be carried coaft-wife by cocket or tranfire, twenty miles by fea or more, or from Yarmouth to the port of Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk xo Loweftoff, Loweftoff or or Soutbwold Bay in the county of Suffolk, although unto a mem- Southwold ber or creek of the port from whence it was firft (hipped off, Bay*

(hall have an allowance after the rate of three bufhels for every forty bufhels of Englijh white fait, and after the rate of one befnel and an half for every forty bulhels of Englijh rock fait fo (hipped to be carried coaftwife, and proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, in confideratiorrof the ordinary wafte in the carriage thereof, the duties having been firft paid, or fe-cured to be paid, according to former laws •, which allowance (hall be but once made for the fame fait, although fuch fait (hall

be



jjx	Anno	fexto	Anna. c.u.	£ 1707:

be carried coaftwifc from feveral ports as aforefaid, or members or creeks of ports.

* Ann*, ftat. II. And whereas by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of ». c. si. f. 10. her prefent Majefty, it is enafted, That no rock fait whatfoever Jbm be refined or made into white fait in any place or places whatfoever, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or tojtm of Berwick upon T weed, except in fuch places as are or Jhall be wilbtn SGeo.s. c. is.ten wh* diftance of the rejpefthe pit or pits from whence Jucb foci f. s.	rock fait Jhall be taken, or at fuch places as, on or before the tenth day

of May, one thoufand feven hundred and two, Jhall have been ufed for the refining of rock fait, under. a penalty therein expreffed: and whereas certain Jalt works have been with great charges erefted near the fea-fide and bay of Holy-head in the county of Anglefea in North Wales, for the making of white fait from fea water; and upon fevered occafions rock fait is very ufeful to firengthen the brine in the faU works, when weakened by frejh water, or other accidents; but the proper ufe of the faid fait works not being for the refining rock fait, ii Rock fait may hath been doubtea whether rock fait might be there ufed: for pre-b* ufed in venting fuch doubts for the future, be it ena&ed by the authority Sltwork*t m aforefaid. That rock fait may be fo ufed in the making fch from near Holy- fea water in the faid fait works near Holy-head aforefaid, any head.	thing in the faid a£t, or in any other law or ftatute to the contrary

notwithftanding, fo as her Majefty’s duties for all the (alt proceeding as well from the faid rock fait as from the fea water be duly charged, anfwered, and paid to her Majefty’s ufe.

< Anne c.19.	And	whereas by the faid aft it is enafted. Toot for all white

fea. 6. * ' 3'herrings which Jhall from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feven, be exported from any part or place in the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, to parts beyond the feas, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, there Jhall be the like allowances as are to be made upon the exportation of white herrings from Scotland, upon the oath of the exporter or his agent, taken before the principal officers of the port from whence the fame are exported, that fuch herrings were cured with fak for which the duties have been paid, and not drawn back, and that the fame are really exported to parts beyond the teas, and not rolandei or intended to be telanded in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed: and whereas many of her MajeJly's fubjefts cannot have the benefit that was intended for them by the Jaia aft, in regard the fak with which the white herrings are Jalted in many parts of England pafs through many hands, and the perfons who export Jucb herrings buy the fame already cured of perfons to whom they are fent to be fold and di/pofed of at ports far iiflant from the places where they are acred, and by reafon thereof fuch exporters are uncapable of making fuch oath as by the aft is required: for remedy whereof, be iten-AUowtnce to a£ted by the authority aforefaid, That for all white herrines be made on which (nail from and after the five and twentieth day of Marco, wMeher-” °* one thoufand feven hundred and eight, be exported from any rings. " port or place in the kingdom of England, dominion of IVdUs, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, to parts beyond the feas, by any pcrfQn or perfons whatfoever, there fhajl be the allowances made

a*

Digitized by v^,ooQle

r7°7*3	Anno fcxto AnJije. C. 13,14.

as are directed by the faid a61 to be paid, by the officer appointed to colled the duties upon fait in the fame port, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, and upon fuch debenture, and fo verified, as in the faid ad is direded, upon oath of the exporter, or his agent, to be firft taken, in manner as in the faid ad is expreffed. That he bought the herrings in fuch debenture mentioned, and that the fame were cured with fait for which the duties had been paid, and not drawn back, .to the beft of his knowledge and belief, and that the fame are really exported to parts beyond the feas, and not relanded, or intended to be relanded, in Eng-land, JVakS) ox Berwick upon Tweed? in which oath (hall be inserted the name of the perfon or perfons of whom the (aid herrings were bought.

CAP. XIII.

m

An ad for the better (tearing the trade of this kingdom by cruifen and « x p

convoys.	a. a r.

Forty three (hips of war to be employed as cruifers in proper ftations, at lord high admiral (hall direft, Sec. Ships to be careened three times a year. In cafe of neceflity, lord admiral may order any of the faid (hips to be employed in the line of battle. Commiftioners of the navy to be ap-

Sointed to take care of cruifing (hips, and fend account, within eight ays after meeting of parliament, when fuch (hips failed out of port, ,0Ann. c. i*. &c. Lord admiral to nominate the number of cruihng (hips by *6 March, f %	*	7*

170S. and afterwards yearly between i November and i December du- * ** ring the war. If taken or loft, to appoint others. For encouragement of the fea fervice, officers and Teamen of Queen's (hips, privateers. Sec. to have the foie property in all prize (hips. Provifo touching appraife-ment of prize (hips taken into Queen’s lervice. Treafurer of the navy to pay 51. for every man on bom (hip taken from the enemy. Not to . exempt prize (hips or goods from payment of cuftoms. Such goods to be brought on more, and put into the Queen’s warehoufes, Sec. until appraifed and fold. After fale, notice tobegiven for payment tocap-tors. See, Shares not demanded in three years, to goto Greenwich HoipiUd. Farther prvotfien/or Greenwich Hofpital, io Annse, c. 17. fed.

9. To whom bills for prize (hips taken into the Queen's fervice. Sec, and the 51. per man, (hall be made payable. Commander, Scc. irabez? ling prize goods to forfeit treble the value. T0 continue during the war.

C A P. XIV.

An act for the better fecurity of her Majefty's perfon and government.

FO R the better fecurity of her Ma)efiy*s perfon and government This aft en-againjl the practices and attempts, of all perfons who fl)all be larged by fufpefted to be difaffefled and dangerous to the fame, be it enafted 8 Ann. c. 15. oy the Queen's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com- f”ScotlanTto mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authori- take the oath, ty of the fame. That all officers civil and military, in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain, commonly called Scotland, (nail be obliged to take the following oath :

1A. B. do truly and fincerely acknowledge, profefs, tejlify, and de- And by 10 dare in my confidence^ before God and the world, That our Jove- Ann.c. 12. r/ignlady Queen Anne/j lawful and rightful Queen of this realms and L 6- patrons of all oilier her Majejlys dominions and countries thereunto belonging.	t^s

An# I do folemnly and fincerely declare, That I do believe in my con- oath#

fcience



By 10 Ann. c

*. f. io. Advocates.

Altered by i

Geo. s. c. 13,

1 W. Sc M. ft. *.

is Sc ly W. 3, A. s. V

Before whom oath (hall be taken.

Anno fexto Anna. c. 14.	[ 1707.

.fcitnce, the ptrfan pretended to he prime tf Wales, during the life of the kite King James, and fince hit deceaft pretending to be, <md taking upon fnmfelf the file and title of King of England, by the name of James the Thirds or tf Scotland by the name of James the Eighth, or the file and title of King of Great Britain, hath not any right or title whatfoever to the crown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereunto belonging: and I do renounce, refufe, and abjure any allegiance or obedience to him. And / do fwear, That I will brier faith and true allegiance to her majefy Queen Anne, and her void defend to the utntofi* of my power againfl all traiterous conspiracies and attempts tohatfoever which Jhatl be made againfl her perfon, crown, or dignity. And I win do my utmoft endeavour to difchfe and make known to her Majefy and her fuccejjors all treafom and trailer* ous confpiracies, which I fall know to be againfl her or any of them. And I do faithfully promife, to the utmofi of my power, t<r fuppert, maintain, and defend the fucceffm of the crown againfl him the fetid James, and all other ptrfons whatfoever, as the fame is and flands fettled by an alt, intituled, An adt declaring the rights and liberties of the fubjedt, and fettling the fucceffion of the crown to her prefent majefty, and the heirs of her body, being proteftants; and as the fame by one other aft, intituled, An a& for the further limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjedf, is and flands fettled and entaSed after the ieceafe of her Majefy, and for default of ijfue of her Majefy, to (he princefs Sophia, eleftrefs and dutcbefs dowager of Haooyer, and the heirs of her body, being proteftants. And all thefe things Ido plainly and Jtncerely acknowledge and fwear, according to thefe exprefs words by me fpoken, and according to the plain and common Jenfe and under* pending of the fame words, without any equivocation, mental evajion, or fecret refervation whatfoever. And I do make this recognition, at* knowledgement, abjuration, renunciation and promife, heartily, willing-ly, and truly, upon the true faith of a chriflian.

*	So	help	me	God.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch perfons now having or bearing any the offices a-forefaid, and who in refpedt thereof have been or are ojbliged and required to take in Scotland an oath, called. The oath of allegiance and ajfurance, before the privy council there, (hall be obliged, on or before the twentieth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eight, to take and fubfcribe the oath hereby appointed, before that privy council while it (hall continue, and after the determination thereof, before and in the court of the lords of feflion, or the court of judiciary, or the court of Exchequer there; and all others now in any other the offices aforelaid, who in reljpedfc thereof have ufed and been obliged to take the faid oath of allegiance and afliirance in any other court or place, (hall be, and are hereby required and obliged to take and fubfcribe the fame at the next quarter feffions of the peace whicft

flufl

Digitized by

Google

335

(hall be held for any county or place in which any fuch officer (hall be refident or abiding.

III.	And be k further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every perfon or perfons whatsoever, who (hall 3 months after hereafter be admitted into any office, civil or military, within admittance to that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ (hall within three months after his admittance into anv fuch office take and fub- *

(bribe the oath hereby appointed in tne courts above-mentioned refpe&ively, according to the diftindtion above-mentioned for perfons now in office to take the fame.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Courts to «1-That the faid refpe&ive courts (hall from time to timeadminif- minifter the ter the faid oath to fuch perfqns as (halltender themfctves tooatll» ^cc* take the lame, and (hall keep proper rolls of parchment, in

which the fubfcriptkms of all perfons taking the faid oaths (hall from time to time be made; to which all perfons may have free accefs without fee or reward.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Pcrfons That every perfon hereby required to take and fubfcnbe the oath ing to take the aforefaid, and negledting or refuting fo to do, at fuch times, and oath,difablaL in fuch manner as is above diredted, (hall be adjudged incapable

and difabled in law, to all intents and purpofes, to have or enjoy any office or offices, in refpedt whereof he is hereby obliged to take the faid oath, and the faid office or offices (hall be, and are hereby adjudged to be void.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Penalty on re-That every fuch perfon and perfons who lhall negledt or reftife fuGng, and to take the faid oath, as aforefaid, and (hall after fuch negledt or afterward Vr-refufal, either perfonally or by deputy, execute any of the laid ccuUn«ofioc-offices, and (hall be thereof lawfully convidted, (hall incur fuch

penalties, difabilities, and forfeitures as by an adt made in England in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled. An act for the further 13 & 14 W. j. fecurity of his Majefty's perfon^ and the fuccejfxonof the crown in the c* proteftant line, and fir extinguijhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors y are enadted, limited, and appointed for any officer his adt-ing after the negledt or refufal of fuch officer to take the oath therein preferibed.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, juftices ^ That it (hall and mav be lawful for any two juftices of the fummon be-peace, whereof one ot them to be of the Quorum, within any fore them fu-of the counties, ridings, divifions, ftewartries, cities, or boroughs

within the faid kingdom of Great Britain, or any other perfon dcr\bem the" or perfons who (hall be by her Majefty for that purpofe fpecial- oath, ly appointed by order in the privy council, or by commiffion under the great feal, at any time or times to fummon and convene before them all fuch perfons within the limits pf their refpedfive jurifdidtions, powers, and authorities, as they (hall or may fufpcdfc to be dangerous or difaffedted to her Majefty or her government, and (hall and may tender to every fuch perfon and

per-

Digitized by

Google

336	Anflo	lotto	AknA.	c.	15,16.	[1707.

perfons thfe oath above-mentioned and appointed, and (hall at the next quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the county or placein -which thefaid oath (hall botendred, certify the chrit-tiaa names, aod farmomes, and places of abode of ali >perfons refuting to take the faid oath, to be there recorded, and mail be from thence ceatified by the clerk of the peace of (uch county, riding, liberty, borough, town corporate, or placewithin Kng* land,, into her Majefty’s court of	or	Bout	at

Wefininfitr, and fey the clerk of the peace of every (hire, ftewar-try, borough or place in Scotland, into the court of feffion,these to be recorded in the rtgifter or rolls of the faid refpedkve courts’; and if the perfon So refilling and certified (hall not, within the next term or -feffion after fuch refufal, appear in the court of and certify the Chatutry, Shttett's Beach or Sofiion, where (uch certificate (hall be "tSrehifhpk returned, and in open court audibly and folemnly take and fub-w *’ 'fcribe the oath afore faid, and eodorfe or enter his fo doing upon the certificate fo returned, (hall. be firom the time of (uch his negied or refufal, taken, efteeraed and adjudged a popifh rocu-fent coavid, and as fuch (hall forfeit and undergo fucb penalties aa-a popifh recufant convid ought to do by the laws now in force within England.

CAP. XV.

EXP.	An aft to impower her Majefty to fecure and detain futb perfon* her1

- Majefty (hall Xufpcft are confpiring againft her pet (on and-govrmment. •

CAP. XVI.

jin ctft for repeating the	* of the firfl year of James

the	Firft, intituled,An alt for	the well garbling offpi-

ces; and far granting an equivalent to the city of Lon* don by admitting brokers.

a Jac. 1. c. 19. XT7HEREAS by an	ad the firfl year of

VV the reign tf King fames the intituled. An ad for the well garbling of fpices, fever , and dizes are to be garbled within the city of London, tie liberties thereof, as therein is mentioned, under the penalties and forfeitures therein	fpecified,	and feveralpowers are thereby given to the

for the time being, for that purpofe\ which ad for the garbling of fpices, and other wares and merchandizes, in many cafes is now became uftltfs, and in other cafes would bo prejudicial, aud io the damage of fever al wares and merchandizes, fo to be	»te the

tion and difeeuragement of the trade tf ibis	,	and	the	foreign

exportation, and to tho vexation of the	by	prefb-

cutions in her Mqjeflfs court of Exchequer; be it theretore.eoa&r ed by the Qy?en?s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cpnfeijt of the. lords fpiritual and ternporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament afiembled, end by the authority of the aarblinVof ^ame» That the faid ad (hall be, and from henceforth (lands (pice* repeal- absolutely repealed, .and all powers, penalties, and forfeitures ed.	therein	mentioned	or	given, (hall from henceforth be null and

void.	_	-	„

n. And

Digitized by v^ooQie

1707.} An&o fexto Ann.®, c. i6.	337

II.	And be it further enadkd by the authority aforefaid, s . .. That all fuits and informations now depending in her Majefty’s f foTany* court of Exchequer, or in any other court, or which,(hall at any rd«ure9 &c. time hereafter be brought or profecuted upon the faid aft, un- djifcharged. der pretence of any feizure or forfeiture, or penalty incurred

for breach of the faid aft, or for any offence committed or fup-pofed to be committed againft the fame, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be difcharged, difcontinued, and determined, add that no proceedings (hall be nad thereupon, and all feizures upon the (aid aft, made or to be made, are hereby declared to be difcharged, releafed, null, and void.

III,	Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for Lord mayor, the lord mayor and court of aldermen, and. common council .of &c. may ap-the city of London for the time being, to appoint from time to a 8a|*-tioae a fit and able perfon to execute the office of garbler within

the city of London, and the liberties thereof, who at the requeft London, &c. of any perfon or perfons, owner or owpers of any fpices, drugs, or other wares or merchandizes garbleabje, and not otherwife,

(hall garble the fame, and fuch garbler (hall have and receive for his pains and trouble therein as the (aid lord mayor, court of aldermen and common council (hall appoint, and no more.

IV'. And whereas the profit of the faid office are part of the revenues and incomes of the city ^'London, and are now left by leafe to William Stewart, under the rent of three hundred pounds per annum, the profits of which office, and the right of the faid William Stewart to the fame, by repealing the faid ait will be very much di-minified i be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from Brokers on and after the determination of this prefent feffion of parliament, their admiral] perfons that (hall aft as brokers within the city of London and liberties thereof, (hall from time to time be admitted fo to^ainof do by the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city for the London, 13 E, time being, under fuch reftriftions and limitations for their i.ft. 5; honeft and good behaviour as that court (hall think fit and rea-fonable, and (hall upon fuch their admiflion pay to the chamber-lain of the faid city for the time being, for the ufes herein after mentioned, the fum of forty lhiilings, and (hall alfo yearly pay andalfo+os. to the faid ufes the fum of forty (hillings upon the nine and on *9 Sept, twentieth day of September, in every year; all which monies yearly.

(hall in the fim place be applied for and towards the paying and fatisfying to the faid JViUiam Stewart the fum of nine hundred fixty feven pounds and ten (hillings, for a compenfation for his intereft in the faid office; and that from "and after the full payment of the faid fum of nine hondred fixty feven pounds and ten (hillings to the faid William Stewart, all the monies arifing How the ^4 by fuch admiffions and yearly payments, lhall go to, and be en- monies (hall joyed by the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the be applied, city of London; and that from and after the determination of this prefent feffions of parliament, the (aid.leafe to the faid William Stewart, and every claufe therein contained, (hall ceafe, determine, and be abfolutely void.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

Vol. XL	Z	That

Digitized by

; Google

Penalty on jrtribn a&ifig at a broker without admittance.

Preamble reciting the a6t for eftablith-ing the Eaft India company.

9 8c so W. 3. c* 44.

Anno fexto Anmjb. c. ij.	I1707.

That if any perfon or perfortsJfrQin and after the determination of this prefent feflions of parliament, (hall take upon him to a£t as a broker, or employ any other under him to ad as fuck* within the faid city and liberties, pot being admitted as afbreTatd* every fuch perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay to the ufe of the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the laid city, for every fuch offence, the fum of five and twenty pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, in the name of the chamberfain of the faid city, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record* ia which no prote&ion, effoin, or wager of law fhall be allowed* or any more than one imparlance.

CAP. XVII.

An act for affitring to the Englifh company trading to the Eaft Indies, on account of the united flock* a longer time in the fund and trade therein mentioned* and for raijing thereby the fum of twelve hundred tboufand pounds for carrying on the war* and other her Majeflfs occajions.

L TV/TOST gracious fivereign* whereas in and by an aft made in IV1 the ninth year of the reign of our late fivereign lord King William the Third (of glorious memory) intituled* An ad for raif-ing a fum not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum* and for fettling a trade to the Eajl Indies* it is* amongjl other things* enafted* That all the monies arifmg by the feveral duties upon Jalt and rock fait* and upon Jlampt vellum* parchment* and paper* in the faid aft mentioned* Jbould be brought and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer yearly and every year* reckoning the firfl year to begin from the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight* and that one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds per annum, of the monies to arifi by the find feveral duties* and to be brought into the Exchequer by welly or other payments* in cafe the fame payments Jbould extend thereunto, Jbould be the whole and entire yearly fund* and in cafe the fame weekly or other payments Jbould not extend to one hundred and fixty tboufand pounds per annum, then the faid weekly monies or payments, Jo far as the fame Jbould extend* Jbould be part of the yearly fund* for and towards the anfwering and paying of the annuities of eight pounds per centum per annum, to fuch perfim or corporations as Jbould fubferibe and pay in their monies upon the terms of the faid aft: and it is thereby further enafted* That it Jbould and might be lawful fir his Majejfy* by commiffton under the then great feal qf England, to authorize and appoint any number of perj'ons to take and recetve all fuch voluntary Jubjcriptions as Jhoula be made on or before the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight* by or for any perfon or perfins* natives or foreigners* bodies politick or corporate (the governor and company of the bank of England only excepted) of any fum of money whatfie-ver* not lefs than one hundred pounds* for and towards the raijmg and paying into the receipt of the Exchequer* the fum of two millions

of

Digitized by

Google

1707.]	Anno	fexto	Anna. c.17.	339

of, pounisfatrling:'and it was therein further enafted* That during the time thereby limited for taking the faid fubfcriptions* it Jhould and might be lawful to and for all and every perfon and perfons* natives and foreigners* bodies politick and'corporate* by or for them-felves* or any of them* or in trujl for any other perfon or per fans* bodies politick or corporate* or any of them (except as aforefaid) free-fy to fubfcribe any fum of money not lefs than one hundred pounds* for or towards the faid fum of two millions•* and that all monies fa to be fubfcribed Jhould be anfwered and paid in fuch manner and form as in the faid aft is exprejfed; and it was tnereby further enabled* ordained* and declared* That every perfon and body politick* who Jhould fubfcribe as aforejaid* and be named or contained in fuch book or books as are therein mentioned* his* her* or their heirs* executors* adminijlrators* fucctjfors* and affigns refpeftively* Jhould have* receive* and enjoy for ever* out of the fund by the faid aft fettled and provided* one annuity or certain yearly fum* for the whole fum by him* her* or them fubfcribed* according to the rate or proportion of eight pounds per centum per annum, in the manner thereby pre-Jcribed; and it is thereby further enafted* That it Jhould and might be lawful to and for his faid late Majefly* by letters patents under the then great feal of England, to incorporate all and every perfon and perfons* natives and foreigners* bodies politick and corporate* who Jhould fubfcribe* or for whom fabfcription Jhould be taken* and upon whofa fubfcriptions fuch payment Jhould be made* as is therein exprejfed* and all and every perfon and perfons* bodies politick and	'

corporate% who as executors* adminijlrators* fuccejfors* or ajfogns* or by any other lawful title* derived or to be derived from* by* or under the faid original fubfaribers* at any time or times thereafter* Jhould have or be entitled to any part* Jhare* or interejl of or in the faid yearly fund* fa long as they refpeftively Jhould have any fuch part*

Jhare* or interejl therein* to be one body politick and corporate* by the name of* The general fociety entitled to tt>e advantages given by 9 & 10 W. an a& of parliament, for advancing a fum not exceeding two c« 44* millions, for the fervice of the crown of England* with fuch fuc-ctjfoon* capacity* and powers as in the faid aft is mentioned* and its Juch charteri or letters patents* fuch further rules* powers* and claufas for carrying on trade* and purfuing the ends and intent of the faid aft* were to be inferted* as Jhould be lawfully and rtafonahly de-find in that behalf; and it was thereby further enafted* That in cafa the faid whole fam of two millions* or one moiety* or any greater part of the faid Jum of two millions Jhould be fubfcribed* as aforefaid* on or before the faid nine and twentieth day of September, one tboufand fax hundred ninety eight* that then* and from thenceforth* all and every the perfon and perfons* natives and foreigners* bodies politick and corporate* by or for whom fuch fubfcriptions Jhould be made* and all and every perfon and perfons* bodies politick and corporate* who as executors* adminijlrators* fuccejfors* or ajfogns* or by any other lawful title derived or to be derived from* by* or, under the faid original fubfaribers at any time or times thereafter* Jhould have or be entitled to any part, Jhare* or interejl of and in the faid yearly fund* and of and in a proportional part of she principal flock of

Z a	the

Digitized by L^ooQle

Anno fexto Annje. c.17.	[^1707.

the faid general fbciety, fo long as they refpeftively Jbould continue to have any part, Jharey or interefl themnyand all and every perfm and perfonsy who for any time Jhouli he ticenjed by fuch perfon or per-' Jonsy bodies politick or corporate, to trade in the Jlead of them, Jbould, or lawfully might for ever thereafter, by tbemjehes Jeveraljyy or by fuch faftorSy agentsy or fervants as they feverally Jhould think fit to entrufty freely traffic! y and ufe the trade of merchandize into and from the Eaft Indies, and parts or limits in the faid aft mentioned* in fuch mannery and by fuch proportions, and fubjeft to fuch rejlriftrons as in the faid aft are exprejfed: and it was further thereby enaftedy That if the faid whole fum of two millionsy or one moietyy or any greater part thereof Jbould he fubferibed on or before the fold nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred ninety eighty and all or any corporationsy or other perfon or perfonsy having particular Jbares or interejl in the faid principal fiocl of the faid general focietyy or in proportionable annuities or yearly payments if-fuing out of the faid yearly fund, Jbould be willing and defirous te unite and join together fuch their feveral Jbares and interefisy and ta be incorporatedy fo as they might be able to manage their trade (in proportion to their interejls) as a company, and by a joint fiocky toot then it Jbould and might be lawful for his faid late Majejiyy by letters patents under the then great Jfeal of England, to incorporate all fuch perfons and corporationsf by Juch proper names as be Jhotdd think fity to he one company, with power to manage and carry on their trade to the Eaft Indies, and other the limits in the faid aft mentionedy by a joint fiocky and to have perpetual fucceJKony and a common fealy with power to grant and take,Juey and be Jiudy and to chafe their own managersy direftors and officers from time to timey and fuch 0-tber powers and claufes as Jbould be necejfary or requifite for the carrying on of fuch traaey and Jbould be reofonahle for his faid late Ma-jejly to granty neverthelefs with fuch rejbriftibns as in the fold aft is mentioned; and the direftors and managersy and other members of • fuch company, were to be fubjeft to fuch further rulesy qualifications, and appointmentSy as his faid late Majejly in fuch charter Jbould think necejfary or reafonable to be inferted: and in the faid aft there is contained a provifo or condition of redemption in fuch manner and form as therein, and hereafter in this prefent aft are exprejfed: and it is alfo thereby enaftedy That in cafe the duties arifing or appropriated by the faid ac7, Jbould at any time or times appear to be fo deficient in the produce of the fame± as that within any one ytstry to be reckoned from the nine and twentieth day of September, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and niney the weekly payments upon the fame duties Jhould not amount to fo much as Jhould be /efficient to difeharge and J'atisfy the feveral end refpeftivc benefitSy yearly payments or advantages by the faid aft appointed or intended to be paidy within or for the fame year rejpec-tivelyy in every fuch cafey every fuch deficiency Jhould be anfwered by or out of the next aids to be raifed and granted by parliament in the manner therein mentioned: as by the faid aft of parliament, in which are contained divers other power Sy provifoeSy authoritieSy privilegeSy end claufesy (relation being thereunto had) more fully and at large it

doth



34*

1707.]	Anno	fexto Annje. c. 17.

doth and may appear: and whereas in purfuanceof the (aid aft, bis /aid late Majefty, by a commi/Jion under the then great feal of England, bearing date at Weftminfter the fourteenth day of July, in the tenth year of his reign, did authorize feveral perfons therein named, to be tommijfmers, with power to take fubfcriptions for and towards the rating and paying the faid Jum of two millions, as by the faid commiffion, relation being thereunto bad, may more fully appear: and whereas it appeared by duplicates tranfmitted into the office of the auditor of the receipt of bis faid late Alajejly's Exchequer, that feveral fums amounting in the whole to the faid fum of two millions of pounds Jlerling, were Jubfcribed purfuant to the faid aft: and whereas the faid whole fum of two millions was entirely anfwered to bis Majeffy's	vfi:	and wherusby a charter	charter dated

England, bearing date at Weftminfter the third day of September, 3 sept. 10 W. in the tenth year of his faid late Majefty's reign, his Majefty created 3. and eftablijbed the faid corporation, or body politick, called, The The general general fociety entitled to the advantages given by an ad of fociety. parliament, for advancing a fum not exceeding two millions, 9 & 10 w« s-for the fervice of the crown of England, with fuch powers, pri- c* * vileges, and benefits as are therein expreffed\ and whereas by letters patents under the great feal of England, bearing date at Weftminfter Charters Sept. the fifth day of September, in the faid tenth year of bis faid late Majeftfs reign, reciting, That the Jubfcribers towards the faid fum of two millions therein particularly named and exprejfed, were willing and defirous to unite or join together their feveral jhares or interefis in the principal flock of the Jaid general fociety, or in their proportionable annuities, or yearly payments ijjuing out of the faid yearly funds, and to be incorporated fo as they might be able to manage their. trade in proportion to their interefi, as a company and by a joint flock, his faid late Majefiy did grant, ordain, and eftablifo, that the fub-feribers therein particularly namedy and every of them, and all and every perfon and ptrfons, bodies politick and corporate, who as executor s9 admimftrators, fuecefforSy or affigns, or by any other lawful titley derived or to be derived fromy by or under the fame fubferibersy Jhould have and be entitled to any party Jharey or inlereft of or in the faid yearly fund by the faid aft fettledy as aforefaift, or of or in the proportionable annuities or yearly payments ijjuing out of the faid yearly fund, fo long as they refpeftively Jhould have any fuch party Jharey or inter eft thereby to be one body politick and corporatey by the name of The Englijb company trading to the Eaft Indies, with fuch benefit of trade, powers, privileges, and advantages, and gilt in-fubjeft to fuch rejlriftions, conditions, covenants, and agreements, as die*. are therein exprejfed. And whereas by another aft of parliament n &11W. 3. made in the eleventh year of his faid late Majeftfs reign, reciting, c *' a PnVatc That John Dubois, of London, merchant, had, by direftion of, aC * and in truft for the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of London trading into the Eaft Indies, Jubfcribed and paid the fum of three hundred and fifteen thoufand pounds, as part of the faid fum of two millions, it was enafted, That the faid governor and company of merchants of London trading into the Eaft Indies,

Jhould remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick by the

X 3	name

Digitized by

Google

Anno fexto Ankjb. c. 17.	[1707.

tuwte aforefaid, fubjtft neverthelefs to hi determined upon redemption of the fund by the fail at? granted: and whereas by an indenture tripartite, bearing date the two and twentieth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thoufand /even hundred and two, made between your Majefly of the firft party the go&emor and company of merchants of London trading into the Eaft Indies of the found part, and the Englifti company trading to the Eaft Indies of the third party it was ( amongfi other things) agreed, with your Mojeflfs approbation, that the Jaid governor and company of merchants of London trading into the Eaft Indies, Jhould purcoafe from tht members of the faid Engiilh company fa 'much of their capital flock as would make the property of the fua governor and company of merchants of London trading into the Eaft Indies eoual to the property which Would then remain to the other members of the faid Englifti company trading to the Eaft Indies; and that the whole trade which might or Jhould be carried on during the term of feven years, to be reckoned from the date of that indenture, to and from the Eaft Indies, and other the parts within the limits aforefaid, for or in refpect of their feveral flocks and funds thereby agreed to he united, Jhould he for the benefit and behoof of all the members of the faid Englifti company trading to the Eaft Indies, proportionable to their /bares in the capital or principal flock thereof; and that the faid governor and com* pany of merchants of London, trading into the Eaft Indies, Jhould have a right and power equal to the refl of the members ef the faid Englifti company, in the directiony mmagementy and carrying on of the faid trade, during the faid term of feven years \ and that after the end or expiration of the faid term of feven years, the whole trade to the Eaft Indies, and other the parts within the limits aforefaidy for or in refpeft of their united Jlock and fund, jhould for ever (fub-jeft to the redemption of the faid fund by parliament) be wholly managed and carried on by the faid Englifti company trading to the Eaft Indies (by whatjoever name the feme Jhould then be called) according to the fetid charter of the fifth of September, in the faid tenth year of bis faid late Majefly's reign, and not otherwife: and to that end and purpofe, many covenants, conditions, and agreements were contained in the faid indenture, as by the fame, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear; and whereas the united flock of the faid governor ana company of merchants of London trading into the Eaft Indies, and of all the refl of tbe jnembers of the faid Englifti company trading to the Eaft Indies, in their own names, or in the names of others in trufl for them, doth at this time amount to one million nine hundred ninety two thoufand eight hundred pounds, part of the fum of two millions. before-mentioned; and their united fund doth amount to one hundred fifty nine thoufand four hundred twenty four pounds per annum, part of the fum of one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds per annum, before-mentioned: and as well the faid governor and company of merchants of London trading into the Eaft Indies, as the refl of the members of the faid Engiilh comply trading to the Eaft Indies, are willing to advance to per Majefiy, in manner herein after-mentioned, for carrying cn the pre-fent war, and other your Myeflft-neteJJary occafms, a further fum

*f



1707.]	Anno	(exto	ANN-ffi. c. 17.	343-

y twelve hundred thoufahd pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, upon fuch terms, conditions, and advantageas are hereafter exprejfed and fet down : now wc your Majefty*s inoft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, being defirous not only to fupply youi* Majefty with fuch aids as may enable your Majefty to carry on the faid war with vigour, but alfo to raife the fame m fuch a maimer as may create no new charge upon your fubjedts, do moft humbly be-feech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it dnadted bys the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and. content of the lords (ptritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, EngH(h cora-That the laid Englijh company trading to the Eajt Indies, as well pany to ad-for and on the behalf of the faid governor and company ofv*nce merchants of London trading into the Eajl Indies, as for and on l>100i00°l* the behalf of all other the members of the faid Englijh company, (hall advahctf and actually pay into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer* for her Majefty’s ufe, the faid fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds, by fuch proportions, and at fuch times as are herein after appointed for the payment thereof Times of pay-(that is to fay) two hundred thoufand pounds part thereof, on or meat, before the twelfth day of May, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred* and eight; two hundred thoufand pounds more thereof, on or before the twelfth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eight; two hundred thoufand pounds more thereof, on or before the eleventh day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eight; two hundred thoufand pounds more therfeof, on or before the twelfth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eight; two hundred thoufand pounds more thereof, on or before the twelfth day of Januarythoufand feven hundred and eight; artd two hundred thoufand pounds more thereof, and in full fatisfadtion of the feid twelve hundred thoufand pounds on or before the tenth day of March, which thall be in tne year of our Lord one thouland feven hundred and eight; and in cafe the faid Englijh Company qr non-piy-trading to the Eajl Indies, (hall make failure hi an^ of the faid ment compa-payments hereby appointed to be made, at or before the refpec- ny ™ay he m-tive days or times before limited in that behalf, the monies C<J» whereof fuch failure in payment (hall be made,, (hall and may be recovered to her Majefty’s ufe* by aft ion of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at IVefhninJler, wherein no eflhin, protection, privilege, or wager of law (hall be allowed, or any niote than one imparlance; in which adtion, bill, fuit, or information at (hall be lawful to declare, That the faid Englijh company trading to the Eafi Indies, are indebted to her Majefty the monies of which they (nail have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fatne, which (hall be fuf-ficient; and in or upon fuch adtiort, bill, fuit, or information, there (hall be'further recovered to her Majefty’s ufe, againft the faid Englijh company trading to the Eajl Indies, damages after 1	Z	4	the

Digitized by LiOOQle

Coanoy

may borrow

The two companies may cal! in monk for advancing ittoojOcoL

Annpfacto Aynm. q.17.	[1707^

the rate of twelve pounds per centum* for the momesio unpaid contrary to this ad, befides, full coftsof Cuit; and the/aid Englijb company trading to the Eaji India* and their fucc&fcrs, and the (aid united flock and fund (hall be and are hereby made fub-je& and liable thereunto.	.	/	; :

II.	And for the better enabling the faid EngUJb Company trading to the EofrIndies* to raife and pay the faid him of twelve

h on hundred thousand pounds to her Majelly’s ufe as afoorfaid, it is too feat hereby declared and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the common feal of the faid JZngliJb company, now in the hands of the managers for the united trade of the Englijb company trading to the Eaji Indies, (hall and may be made ufe of to borrow any fum or fums of money from time to time, upon account of tbe faid united flock and fund, fo as the fum total of all the principal monies which at any one time fhall be owing upon the fecurity of the (aid feal, do not exceed one million five hundred thoufand pounds, over apd above the peonies which, might lawfully be borrowed thereupon before the making of this prefent ad.

III.	And it is nereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the general court of the laid governor and company of merchants of London trading into the Eafl Indies, and the general court of the faid Englijb company trading to the Eaji Indies, at any time or times whilft they mall feparately continue, {hall think fit, or if the general court of the faid EngUJb company, after tbe determination of the other .genera) court aforefaid, fhaJl think fit to call jn monies from their refpe&ive adventurers of members, for or towards the railing the faid fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds to be advanced to her Majefty’s ufe, or

Or for repay- anY P*11 thereof, or for repaying the monies borrowed for that ing the TOines purpofe, or the intereft thereof, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor, and company of merchants of London, trading into tbe Eaji Indies, and the faid EngUJb company trading to the Eaji Indies refpedbvely, at any time or times, during the feparate continuance of their general courts, as aforefaid, and afterwards to and for the tyd Englijb company trading to the Eaji Indies, by whatfoever napne or names the fame fhall then be called or known, to call in, or dire& to be paid unto them refpe&ivcly, from and by their refpe&ive adventurers and members for the time being, proportionably, any fum and fums of money which fhaU from time to time be fo thought fit, for or towards the makipg up the faid fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds to be advanced to her Majefty's ufe as aforefaid, or for repaying the qionies borrowed for that purpofe, or the intereft thereof; and that all executors, adminiftrators, guardians, and truftees, fliall be indemnified in paving the famej and in cafe any adventurers or members of the laid refpe&ive corporations, fhall negle& or refufe to pay his, her, or their (hares of the monies fo called in, at the time or times appointed for that pur-pole, by notice to be fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, or in caie any adventurer or adventurers, member or members of the faid refpe&ive corporations, fhall neglect or refufe copay

his^

bo; rowed.

Executors, &c. indemnified.



34J

1707.] Anno fexto ANHiE. Q.iy.

his, her, or their (hare of the monies which the faid companies, or either of them, (hall (ia purfuao.ee of the faid firft recited ad, and their reljpedivc charters, or any or either of them) call in, for the carrying on of their trade, at the time or times appointed for that purpofe, by the like notice, as aforefaid, then and in eidiec of the faid cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Members re-governor and company of merchants of London trading into the fufing to pay, Eaft Indies, and the laid Efogli/b company trading to the Eaji company may Indies xefpedively, and their refpedivefucceflbrs, not only to ^leiufc!*<u* flop the (hare or dividends which (hall from time to time become payable to fuph adventurer or adventurers, member or members, fo neglecting or refuting, of the fond, flock, or pro-tits of the faid refpedive companies, and to apply the fame from time to time for or towards payment of the (hare of the money fo called in, and which ought to have been paid by fuch adventurer or adventurers, meihber or members fo negleding or refuting to pay the fame, until the fame (hall be fatisfied, but alfo to (top the transfers of the (hares pf every tiich defaulter, and to And the charge fuch defaulter and defaulters with an intereft after the transfers of rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, for the monies fo by fuch default-him and them negleded to be paid, from the time the fame them were appointed to be paid until the payment thereof; and the withintereftat dive and dock of fuch defaulter and defaulters (hall be liable to 61. per cent, make good ral anfwer the faid monies fo appointed to .be paid, rtiarcs not paid apd the intdftt thereof; and that in cafe the principal and in- 2»nSy^5y tpreft (hall not be paid within the fpace of three months, then	y

the faid governor and company, and .the faid Englijh company, and their focceflors refpedively as aforefaid, (hall have power to (ell fo much of the flock of luch defaulter or defaulters as will (atisfy and pay the lame,

IV.	- And be it further ensiled by the authority aforefaid, The faid

That the (aid fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds agreed 1,100,0001, to to be advanced and paid, as aforefaid, (hall be, and be called, b** further deemed, and taken to be a further addition to the capital ftockj^*^Sital pf the faid Englijh company, and (hall be* and is hereby ex- &0(^	tax

empted from any taxes, rates, impofitions, or afleflments what- free, ioever.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That The united the united flock and fond of the laid Englijh company, and their flock liable to fucceflbrs, by whatfoever name or names they (hall be called or

known, fliafi be and are by this prefent ad made fubjed and trattcd> &c* liable to the payment and fatisfadion of all fuch debts as are or (hall be contraded by the fame company, for or upon account of the (aid united flock or trade.

VI.	And whereas by the faid former alls and charters it was pro- For encourag-ttided. That at any time, upon three years notice, after the nine WjPJjthc En6-pwentietb Aay of September, one thoufandfeven hundred and eleven, ^

upon repayment of the faid two millions, and all arrears of the faid their trade. annuities or yearly payments, the faid duties upon fait, and rock Jalt, the fetid duties upon flampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and the Jaid yearly fund charged thereupon, and the faid annuities iffuing

out

Digitized b;

/Google

$4$

Anno fextd Amnjb. c.17.

(1707;

Former pro. vifb for redemption repealed.

See 3 Geb. *. c. 14. f.n.

9«r 10 W. 3.

C44.

SnbjeA never tbdefi, &c.

o6t oftbe fame* and the duty offive founds b the hundred on import-od goods iterern exprejfed, ana all the corporations to he erefted by or in pursuance of that aft, a*d the benefit of trade thereby given or intended to be given to them or any of them, /ball abfohetdy eeafe and determine: now, to the intent that the faid Englifh company, and their fucceffors, may be encouraged to proceed in their trade, and may have time to fettle faftories, and perform fuch other matters and things as are neceflary for carrying on the (aid trade to their beft advantage and profit, it is hereby declared and enafted by tbe authority aforefaid, That the laft-mentioned pro-Vifo for redemption and determination of the faid feveral duties, yearly fund, annuities, corporations, and benefit of trade, (hall be, and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the faid duties upon fait and rock fait, and the faid duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and the faid duty of five pounds m the hundred upon imported goods, (hill continue, and the faid Engltfh company trading to the Eaft Indies, and their fuc-ccflbrs, by whatsoever name or names they (hall be called or known, (hall have and enjoy the faid yearly Aim of one hundred fifty nine thoufand four hundred twenty four pounds per annum, and ail the benefit of trade, franchifes, privileges, profits, and advantages whatfoever, in refpeft thereof given or granted, or intended to be given or granted unto them by the faid aft of the ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, or by th^aid charter of the fifth day of September, in the tenth year cWiis faid Jale Majefty’s reign, or by the faid indenture tripartite of the two and twentieth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and two, dnd every or any of them, freed and difeharged of and from the faid former provifo, or condition of redemption, and all other provifoes, powers, afts, matters, or things heretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the faid duties, yearly fund, benefit of trade, franchifes, privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of them; fubjeft neverthelefs to the reftriftions, covenants, and agreements if* the faid aft firfl recited, and the (aid recited charters and indenture tripartite, or any of them contained, now in force, and alfo fubjeft to the general provifoes or condition of redemption hereafter in this aft contained.

VII. And whereas feveral perfons who did fubferibe, or do derive under perfons who did fubferibe feveral fums, amounting in the whole ti feven thoufand two hundred pounds, part of the fail tuto millions, are in refpeft thereof entitled to five hundred feventy fix pounds per annum, part of the faid fum of one hundred andJixty thoufand pounds per annum, and Jo. a proportional part of the trade to tbe Eait Indies, and other the parts aforefaid, have not united their fiocl and fund to tbe flock andfund ofthe faid corporations empowered to trail by a joint flock, as aforefaid, but do by them/elves, or others by them ticenfed, carry on their trade for their own feparate ufe and accounts: it is hereby provided and enafted by the authority aforefaid. Separate (lock That the leveral perfons entitled to the faid ftock, amounting confirmed. to feven thoufand two hundred pounds, their executors, admi-

niftrators.

Digitized by ^tOOQle

1707 ]	Anno	fexto	Ann/b.	c.17.	347

friftrators, and afligns, (hall and may peaceably and quietfy have^ hold, and enjoy their faid proportion of the faid yearly fimd and trade, as fully and effedhially as they might have done if this a<ft had never been made; nevertheless it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Englijh company, and their fucceflors, at any time after the nine and twentieth day of September, one But after 29 thoufand feven hundred and eleven, by writing to be figned by September, their fecretary, and to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in *7>*»uP®n London, to give notice of their intention to repay the faid fum notl^and* of feven thoufand two hundred pounds to the perfons who (hall repayment, be interefted therein, or entitled thereunto, at the end of three &c. years after fuch notice given; and in cafe the faid Englijh company, at the end of the faid three years, do fully pay and fatisfy to luch perfons the faid fum of feven thoufand two hundred pounds at the Guild-hall of London, together with all arrears {if any) of the faid yearly fum of five hundred feventy fix pounds, which (hall be then due to the faid perfons refpe&ively, then, and upon fuch payment made, or lawful tender thereof, the faid (lock of feven thoufand two hundred pounds, and the proportional trade and fund belonging thereunto, (hall be, and are by virtue of this a<ft, vefted and fettled in the faid Englijh company, The faid fe-and their fucceflors ; fubjedt neverthelefs to the general provilo parateftock, or condition of redemption hereafter in this a<ft contained, and mall be vefted to no other provifo or condition of redemption whatfoever; anyin thc thing in this adt contained, or any other matter or thing to th6compan)* contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadfed by x>uty of5i. the authority aforefaid. That the before-mentioned duty^of five per cent, after pounds per centum, for or in refpedt only of fuch goods and mer- *9 Sep. 1714* chandizes as (hall be imported into Great Britain by the faid to ceafe# Englijhcompany trading to the Eajl Indies, from and after the

nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer collected or paid; any thing in this, or in the faid firft recited adt, 9 & 10 W. 3. to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	c. *4.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enadted After 15

by the authority aforefaid. That at any time upon three years March, 1726. notice, after the five and twentieth day of March, which (hall be ^ls in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty repayment, fix, upon the expiration of the faid thr^e years, and upon repay- &c. corpora-, ment by parliament, as well of the faid fum of two millions for- tion to cealc. merly advanced, as of the faid fum of twelve hundred thoufand pounds to be advanced, as aforefaid, making in the whole three millions and two hundred thoufand pounds, unto fuch companies, corporations, or perfons as (hall be then entitled thereunto, and of all arrears which 'at the end of the faid three years (hall be due for or upon the fa’rci yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds per annumy then, and from thenceforth, Repealed by as well the faid duties upon fait and rock fait, as thc faid‘duties	1,‘

upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and alfo the faid yearly fund of one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, dnd aH J	the

Digitized by v^,ck . e

348	Anno fexta Annjr. c.17,	[1707.

the corporations ere<fted by or in puifaance of this the faid former ads, and the benent of trade by this and the faid former ads and charters* or any of them, given, or intended tobc given to them or any of them, (hail absolutely ceafe and determine j any thing herein contained to. the contrary notwithstanding.

Not to repeal X. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority afore-11 k ii W. 3. faid. That this adr or any thing herein contained, Shall not be c*10*	deemed, taken, or conftrued to repeal or alter an ad made in

the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, of glorious memory, intituled. An all far the more effectual implying the poor, by encouraging the manufa&um of this kingdom, or any claufe, matter, or thing therein contained; but that the faid ad, and every claufe, matter, or thing therein contained, Shall Stand, remain, and be in full effed and force, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if this ad had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

From 15	XI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further ena&ed and de-

March; 1708. dared by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the five nwl°take°Ufe an<* twcat‘ct^1	March, one thoufand feven hundred and

companies eight, up011 anT importation of any goods or merchandizes by feardbonds the faid Englifb company trading to the Eaji India, it (hall and for goods im- may be lawful for the commiffioners and officers of the cuftoms ported- for the time being, and they are hereby required from time to time to take one or more bond or bonds, under the common feal of the faid Englijb company, for all fuch of the cuftoms and duties chargeable and to be charged on the goods and merchandizes fo to be imported, as are bondable, or for which bonds have ufualiy been given; any law, Statute, or provision to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

In order to a XII. And whereas the governor and company of merchants ofhon~ coinpleat don trading into the EaSt Indies, and the reft of the members of the union* English company trading to the EaSt Indies, are defirous that a Jpeedy and compleat union may be had and perfected) purjuant to the before-mentioned indenture tripartite, and have agreed to refer efl matters in difference concerning the fame, and the compleatmgtbi faid union, unto the final determination of the right honourable Sidney earl of Go* dolphin, lord high treafurer of Great Britain; be it therefore ena$ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid matters in difference between the faid governor and company of merchants of London trading into the Eqft Indies^ and the reft of the members of the faid Englijb company, and the fettling the terms of* and perfecting and compleating the faid union, (hall be, and is hereby referred to the judgment, award, and final determination of all differences the faid Sidney earl of Oodolpbin* to proceed upon and fettle the referred to terms and conditions of the fame, as his lordlhip Shall think fit, GodoMrin as wh°*c made, fettled, perfected, and compieated on 0 p 1 or before the twenty ninth day of Septemberi in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eight, by writing attefted under his His award to lordlhip’s hand and feal; which faid award being fo made and be binding, fettled wifoiu. the UUP£ aforefaid, Shall in all parts thereof be ,	•	binding



349

1707.] v Anno fexto Anna. c.18.

binding and cenctufive, as well * to the faid governor and company of merchants of London trading into the Baft Indies, as to the reft of the faid members of the faid Englijh company, and lhall be by them complied with* and fubmitted to accordingly.

XIII.	Provided alwaya, and it is hereby further enafted by After fuch the authority aforefeid* That feom and after the making of the award, &c. faid award, and furrender of the charter of the faid governor and managers for cbmpany of merchants of London trading into the Edft Indus* H^rade^n be pursuance to the faid indenture tripartite, then the perfons who, direflors, &c. at the time of fuch furrender* (hail in purfuance of the fame in- till new ones denture be the managers for the united trade of the Engl fir** cil°fch-company trading to the Eqft Indies, and none others, (halt be

the directors of the faid Engkfb company, (which company (halt then be called, The united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies) until fuch time as new dire&ors (hall be chofen for the fame, in purfuance of the (aid charter, bearing date the fifth day of September, in the tenth yeaf of his (aid late Majefty’s reign.

XIV.	And be it further eha&ed by the authority aforefaid, Afts, 8cc. to That this prefent a£l, and the ads herein before recited, and allbepublick parts thereof, (hall be conftrued, adjudged, and taken to be pub- *****

lick ads to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the more effe Huai difeovery of the death of perfons pretended to be alive, to the prejudice of thofe who claim eftates after their deaths.

WHEREAS divers perfons, as guardians and trufiees for in-

fonts, and bujbands in right of their wives, and other perfons 9 Car* **c*®4 having efiates or interefis determinable upon a life or lives, have continued to receive their rents and profits of fuch lands after the determination of their faid particular efiates or interfis: and whereas the proof of the death cf the perfons, onwhofe lives fuch particular efiates or interefis depended, is very difficult, and feveral perfons have been, and may be thereby defrauded: for remedy whereof and for preventing fuch fraudulent pradices, be it enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pfefent f . parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That^eftateia" any perfon of perfons who hath or (hall have any claim or de- remainder,, mand in or to any remainder, reveriion, or expedaticy, in or to See. after anyeftate after the death of arty perfon within age, married death of woman, or any other perfon whatfoever, upon affidavit ried°woman-in the high court of Chancery, by the perfons fo claiming fiach &c. Qn affida-eftate, of his or her title, and that he or (he hath caufe to be- vit, &c. that lipre that fuch minor, married woman, of other perfon is dead, b* hath caufe and that his or her death is concealed by fuch guardian, truftee,^minor^&c UCh hulband, or any other perfon, (hall and may once a year, if the'j^^ad, lord perfon aggrieved (hall think fit, move the lord chancellor, keeper, chancellor to or commiffioners for the cuflody of the great fcal of Great Brt-hich mi-tain for the time being, to order* and they are hereby auth°-bcoroduccd 6	rizcd&CiP

Digitized by

Google

55°

Anna fexto Akn^b. c.i8:	[1707*

rizcd and required to order fuch .guardian, tntftec, hufband, or other perfon, concealing or fufpedted to conceal fuch perfba, at fuch time and place as the faid court (hall dire#, on perfonal or other due fervice of fuch order, to produce and (hew to fuch perfon and ptrfons, (not exceeding'two) as (hall in fuch order be named by the party or patties profecuting fuch order, fuch minor, married woman, or other perfons aforefaid \ and if fuch Guardian, See, guardian, truftcc, huftwmd, or fuch other perfon, as aforefaid^ refuting to (hall refufe or negled to produce or (hew foch infoat, married mhwT&c ’woman» °f fuch other perfon, on whofe life any fuch eftatedoth •J * depend, according to the dire&ipn? of the faid order. That then, the court of Chancery is hereby authorized and requited to order fuch guardian, truftee, hufoand, or other period, to produce fuch minor, married woman, or other perfon concealed, in the (aid court of Qhanctrjy or otherwife before commiffioners to be appointed by the (aid court, at fuch time and place as the coart (hall diretf, t;wo of which commiffioners (hall be nominated by the party or parties profecuting fuch order, at his, her, or their softs and charges; and in cafe fuch guardian^ truftee, hufoand, or other perfon, (hall refufe or nededt to produce fuch infant,* married woman, or other perfon fo concealed, in the court of Chancery, or before fuch commiffioners, whereof return (hall be made by fuch commiffioners, and that return filed in the petty bag omce, in either or any of the faid cafes, the (aid minor9 married woman, or fiich other perfon fo concealed, (hall be taken to be dead, and it (hall.be lawful for any perfon claiming any right, title, or intereft in remainder or reverfioo, or other-wife after the death of fuch infant, married woman, or fuch other perfons fo concealed, as aforefaid, to enter upon fuch enter on land, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as if fuch infant, married &c*	woman,	or other perfon fo concealed, were a&ually dead.

On affidavit	And	be	it	further	ena&ed	by	the	authority	aforefaid.	That

that minor/ if it (hall appear to the faid court by affidavit, that fuch minor. See. is beyond married woman, or other perfon, for whofe life fuch eftate is fea, claimant holden, is, or lately was at fome certain place beyond the feas SSron/toOVer m tbe fcid affidavit to.be mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful for the party or parties profecuting fuch order, as aforefaid, at his, her, or their cofts and charges, to fend over one or both the faid perfons appointed by the faid order, to view fuch minor, married woman, or other perfon, for whofe life any fuch eftate is holden; and in cafe fuch guardian, truftee, hufoand, or other perfon concealing or fufpe&e4 to conceal fuch perfons, as afore-laid, (hall refufetor negledt to produce or procure to be produced to fuch perfon or perfons, a perfonal view'of fuch infant, married woman, or other perfon, for whofe life any fuch eftatc is holden. That then arul in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons are hereby required to make a true return of fuch refufsd or negleft to the court of Chancery, which return (hall be filed in the petty bag office, and thereupon fuch minor, married woman, or other perfon, for whofe life any foch eftate.is holden, (hall be taken to bq dead; and it (hall be lawful for any perfon claiming any

right.

Party fo concealed to be taken to be dead , and driiforitinay

peiions to view fuch minor. See.



35*

Anno icxto	c*iS«

eight, titles or mussed, in remainder, reverfion, car dtherwifc after the death of fuch infant, married woman, or other perfon* for whofe life any fuch eftate is hokkn, to enter upon fudi lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as if fuch infant, married womans or otherf perfon, for whofe lik any fuch eftate is holden, were actually dead.

.. Ill* Provided always. That if it (hall afterwards appear Upon If infant, See. proof, in any action, to be brought, that fuch infant, married a^ve, after woman, or other perfon for whole life any fuch eftate is hblden, were alive at the time of fuch order made. That then it (hall be &c< may K. {awful for fuch infant, married woman, guardian, or truftee, or enter.

Other perfon having any eftate or intereft, determinable upon fuch life, to' re-enter upon the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and for fuch infant, married woman, or other per-(bn, having any eftate Or intereft determinable uporv fuch life, their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, to maintain an action againft thofe who, fince the faid order, received the profits of fuch hinds, tenements, or hereditaments, or their e&eetitoi* dr adminiftrators, and therein to recover hill damages for the profits of the fame received, from the time that fuch infant, married woman, or other perfon, having any eftate or intereft deterpni-riablc upon fuch life, were oufted of the pofleffion of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

IV* Provided always. That if any fudi guardian, truftee, If guardian, hufband, or other perfon or peribns, holding or haying any &c. prove eftate or intereft determinable upon the life or Jives of any other perfon or peribns, (hall by affidavit or otherwift, to the fatifc deavouri^ faction of the faid court of Chancery, make appear, That he, procure fuch (he, or they have ufed his, her, or their utmoft endeavours to infant to ap-procure fuch infant, married woman, or other perfon br perfons, P®”* aPl^at on whofe life or lives fuch eftate or intereft doth depend, to ap- uring'&c. pear in the faid court of Chancery, or elfewhere, according to s* the order of the (aid court in that behalf made, and that he,

(he, or they cannot procure or compel fuch infant, married

woman or other perfon or perfons fo to appear, and that fcch

infant, married woman, or other perfon or perfons, on whofe .

life or lives fuch eftate or intereft doth depend, is, are, or were

living at the time of fuch return made and filed, as aforefeid,

then it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to continue in Guardian to

the pofleffion of fuch eftate, and receive the rents and profit! continue in

thereof far and during the infancy of fuch infant, and the life poflfeffion, dec.

or lives pf fuch married woman, or other perfon or perfons, on

whofe life or lives fuch eftate or intereft doth or (hall depend, as

fuHy as he, (he, or they might have done if this ad had not

been made.

V. And be it further Cnadcd by the authority aforefard, That Guardian, See. every perfon who, as guardian or truftee for any infant, and bolding every hufband feized in right of his_ wife only, and every other «ftate» after perfon having any eftate determinable upon any life or lives, on^of mU* who after the determination of fuch particular eftaies or inte- nor# adjudged refts, withput the exprefs content of him, her, or them, who trefpaflcrs.

are

Digitized by

Google

35*

Hfirs, See. may recover damages*

is Cur. ».c.f

5 Ann*, *17.

AnitD facto AnUM.	19* f	1707.

arc or (hall be next and immediately entitled upon and after the determination of fuch particular eftates or intercfts,(h9U hold over and continue in pofieffion of any manors* roefiuages, lands* tenements, or hereditaments* (hall be and ate hereby adjudged to be trefpaflers; and that every perfon and perfonsv his, her, and their executors and administrators, who are or fhaJJ be entitled to any fuch manors, mefibages, lands* tenements, and herditaments* upon or after the determination of fuch particular eftates or interefts, (hall and may recover in damages againii every fuch perfon or perfons fo holding over* 2s afbeefaid* and againft his, her, or their executors, or adminifttators, the full value of the profits received during fuch wrongful poflcffiosi, as aforefaid.

CAP. XIX.

An aff for continuing the half fubfidies therein mentioned? with feveral impo/itions and other duties, to raife money by way of loan, for the fervice of the war, aid other her Majejiy s necejjary and important occafions, and for charging of prize goods and feizstres, and for taking off the drawbacks of foreign cordage, and to obviate the clan-define importation of wrought ftlks.

MOST gracious Sovereign, We your Majejiy s mo/L dutiful and loyal fubjefls the commons of Great Britain in parliament uffcmbled, duly cotfidering the necejfity of mating an ample and com * pleat provifion to enable your Majejiy to carry on the prefeut war* and to defray your other neceffary expenses, have for that end and purpofe ehearfully and unanimoufly given and granted, and do by this act give and grant to your Majejiy, the feveral and refpeft 'rve fubfidies, impo~ fuionS, and duties herein after particularly deferibed, /or and during the terms herein after exprejfid, that is to fay, Whereas feveral fitb-fdies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties and fans of money upon wines, goods, and other merchandizes* were given and granted unto his late majfiy King Charles the Second, of biffed memory, for bis life, by an aft ofparliament (made in the twelfth year of his reign, intituled, A fubudy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other futns of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported) and by the book of rates thereunto annexed, which fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties and Buns if monies upon wines, goods, and merchandizes, as well exported as imported, (with fome alterations) were by feveral fitbfefient. aQs of parliament granted to continue until the firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred (2nd ten \ and by an ah of parliament made in the fifth year of your Majejiy s reign, intituled. An a£k for continuing feveral fubfidies, impofitions, and duties, and for making

{jrovifions therein mentioned, to raife money by way of loan, or the fervice of the war* and other her Majefty*s necefiary and important occafions* and for afeertaining the wine meafiire, the faid fubjtdies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties ani fums of money lajl-mentioned, were enabled to continue and brpayable to your

Mayfly

Digitized by

Google

I7°7-l	Anno fexto Ann.®. c. 19.	353

Majeftys for and upon aU win//, goods and merchandizes, which jboula he imported at any time or times between the lajl day of July, one tboufdredfevth hundred and teny and the firft day of Auguft, one thoufemd feifen hundred and ttoehe: now we- your Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjefts, do humblybefeech your Maje* ftythitfit may be enacted $ and be It enacted by the Queen’s xnoft ritctllent majefty, by and with the advice and confem of the loWs fpiritua) and temporal, and corpmons, in this prefent parliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the fame, That Half fubfidies over and above all other ftlbfidits, additional duties, impofiti- continued ons, and payments whatfoever, by any former or other aft or fr°m3x J°ly* afts of parliament or otherwife howfoever already due or paya-	#

ble, or which ought to be paid to her Majefty, for or upon any Made perpe-wines, goods, or raerchajwiites whatfoever, imported or to be tualby 7 Ann* imported, there (hall be raifed,. levied, collefted, paid, and la- c-tUfied unto her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all wines, goods, and merchandizes, which at any time or times from and after the laft day of July*, one.thdufand feven hundred and twelve, and before the 'firft day of Jugujly one thouland feven hundred and fourteen, fhall be imported or brpught into Great Britain^ omoiety or half part of fuch and the like feveral and refpeftive fuhlidies, duties, and fums of mo-jiey, as by the faid aft of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign Except arerharged or payable within or during theterm thereby grant-eil or limited, tor or upon tjbe like imported wines, goods, and merchandizes refpeftively, except fiich goods and other merchandizes as by the faid aft of the fifth year of her Majefty1* reign, or by any law now in force are exempted from the payment of the fubfidies or duties which were firft granted in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as a- 11 Gw**•c* 4»* forefaid. <

II. And ft is hereby enafted, That in all cafes where by the faid aft of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, or by any aft 5 Ann*, 0.17, "relating thereunto, any drawbacks or abatements are to be made T^JaJ2j|g t of the whole or any part of the duties thereby impofed on any b^aliowed. ° wines, goods, or merchandizes whatfoever, there (hall be in the like cafes proportionable drawbacks and abatements made of the whole or part of the duties by this aft impofed upon the fame wines, goods, and merchandizes tefpeftively; and that the fe-veral fubfidies and duties by this aft granted, during the continuance thereof, (hall be raifed, collefted, levied, fecured, and paid, within and throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by the umc ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties Forraer poW<. and forfeitures, and with fuch allowances, and fubjeft.to fuch ers revived, ndey and direftions, as in and by the faid aft of the fifth year ' of tier Majefty’s reign, or by any other aft or afts therein rd-.fdttcFunto, are prescribed or appointed for the railing, colleft^ ring,'- levying, fecuring^nd paying the faid fubfidies and duties granted by the faid aft of the fifth year of herMajefty’s reign, during tRe continuancethereof; and that every article, rule,

Vo*. TO."	‘	A	a	and



354	Anno	fexto	Ann#.	C.	tg.	£1767.

and claufe contained in the faid a£t of the fifth year of hcrM*-jefty*s reign, or in any aA or a As of parliament therein mentioned, pr thereby referred unto, for railing, colteAing, levying, fecuring, and paying, the faid fubfidies and duties thereby grant-cd, during the continuance tho^of, are and fhall be, by force of this aA, revived, and* (hall be ufed, exerctfed, and put in practice for the raifing, levying, colleAing, and anfwerfng the fubfidies and duties granted or impofed by this prefent aft, during the continuance thereof, and all arrearages of the fame, from time to time, as fully and effeAually as if the fame articles, rules, and claufes, and every of them, were again particularly and at large recited and re-enaAed in die body of this prefent aA, except only as to fuch of the faid articles, rules, and clauies touching whicn other provisions, alterations, or exemptions are made by any aA or aAs of parliament now in being, which other provifions, alterations, or exemptions (hall be obferved with refpeA to the duties hereby granted, during the condnuance of this aA, in the fame manner as they are to be obferved with refpeA to the faid fubfidies formerly granted, as aforefaid.

Duties on 1IL And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, vinewcon-	t*lc	impofitions and dudes upon wines and vine-

dou|d from" Ear> granted by an aA made in the firft year of the reign of his 3J July, i7ia, late majefty King James the Second, (intituled. An act for to i Auguft, granting to his Majefty an impofttion upon all wines and vinegar im-,7.I4~ c	ported between the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufondft* hundred

t jac. s. . 3. ejgfoy anj fa twenty fourth day of Tune, one thoufand fix hundred ninety three j which faid a A, by leveral fubfequent. aAs of parliament fince made, was continued, and is to continue until the firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and twelve; (hall, by virtue of this aA, be further continued to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, from the laft day of Jufyy one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, to the firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, and no longer ; and that the faid aA fo made in the firft year of the reign of the laid late King James the Second,and all powers,provifions,penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, for or concerning the faid impofitions on wines and vinegar, (hall continue and be m full force and effeA until the faid firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, and fhall be applied, praAiied, and executed for raifing, levying, colleAing, anfwering, and paying the faid duties upon wine and vinegar, hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent aA, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the claufes, matter?, and things in the faid aA of the firft year of the reign of the faid King James the Second contained, had been again in this a A repeated, and particularly enaAed.

Duties on to- IV. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, bacco conti- That the rates, duties, and impofitions upon all forts of tobac-nuedtoi Aug. CQ^ grantej by an a<^ made in the firft year of the reign of the V}zq. a. c. 4. f^d late King James the Second, intituled. An act for granting to his Majefty an tmpofition upon ail tobacco and Jugar imported beturen

the

VfQtjt\ «/Uno fexto ANNAS. p, igt	355

the twenty fourth day of June, one tboufand fix hundred eighty five, fxnd the twenty fourth day of June, one tboufand fix hundred ninety three: which faid ad, as for and concerning the (aid duties an? inapofitipiis upon tobacco only, by feyeral fubfequent ads of parliament fincc made, was continued, and is to continue until the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve \

/hall by virtue of this aft he further continued and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, from the laft day of July, on? thoufand fevpn hundred and twelve, to the firft aay of Auguft,

.one tboufand feven hundred and fourteen, apd no looser.

V.	Provided always, and b9 it enaded and declared by the And to be le-authority aforefaid. That the faid duty upon tobacco, which vied, &c. asby (hall be imported during the times by this ad limited, and all ar- 7 & 8

rear$ thereof, (hall be fecured, colleded, raifed, levied, anfwered, c‘ .10* and paid to her Majefty, in fuch method, and with foch difeounjt and allowances, and according to fuch rules and directions as are mentioned, referred to, or preferred as to the duties or impo*-fitions upon tobacco, in and by the ad made in the parliament holden in the feventh year of the reign of King William the Third, of glorious memory, intituled, An oft for continuing federal duties granted by former afts upon wine^ vinegar, and upon tobacco, and -Eaft India goods, and other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war againji France, and not otherwife.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Old jmpoft .That the feyeral additional and other rates, impofitions, duties, continued to and charges upon the ftvaral forts of goods and merchandizes, * vy ^rantpd by an ad made in the fecond year of the reign of King seff. 2. c. 4! William the Third, and Queen Mary, intituled, An at} for granting to their Majefties certain impofitions upon all Eaft India

goods and manufactures, and upon all wrought filks, and feveral o-ther goods and merchandizes, to be imported after the five and twentieth day of May, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety, and which thereby, and by feveral fubfequent ads of parliament already ,made, have continuance until the firft day of Auguft, one thou-Jand (even hundred and twelve, (hall be further continued to her Majefty., her heirs and fucceflbrs, from the laft day of July, one thpufand feven hundred and twelve, to the firft day pf Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, and np longer; and that the faid ad made in the fecond year of their faid lafp Majefties reign, concerning Eaft India goods and other A„ erf things therein charged, and all powers, provifions, penalties, provifions,&c. articles, and claufes therein contained, (hall continue, and bcin»w. &’ M. of fujl force and eflfed, until the faid firft day of Auguft, oneSefll*.c. 4-thoufand (even‘hundred and fourteen, and mall be applied, pradifed, and executed for the raifing, levying, colleding, aq-fwering, pnd paying the faid refpedive duties hereby continued, and all arrears therepf, according to the tenor and intent of thjs prefent ad, as fully, and to all intents and purpofes, as if tj^e (aid laft-meruioned ad, and all and every the claufes, matters, and things therein contained, had be?n again repeated, and particularly eqa£ledj	pniy	as	fo	ftich	part of the faid ads

A a 2	concerning

Digitized by L	ne

35$

7&SW.J. c. to.

Additional # impoft continued to i Aug.

W.Vm.c!j

• New provi-fiont or alterations made to be obferved.

Duties on whale fins continued to i Aug. 1714.,

Anno fexto Anna*. & 19.	[1707*

concerning the faid impofitions on wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eaft India goods, and other merchandizes imported, touching which other provisions or alterations are made by any ad or ads of parliament now in being; which other provifions or alterations are to be obferved, and to continue during the continuance of this prefent ad, and the faid ad, intituled. An act for continuing feveral duties granted by former alls upon wine and vinegar, and upon tobacco, and Eaft India goods and other merchandizes imported* for carrying on the war againfl France; and every article, claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, for the railing, levying, fe^ curing, anfwering, and paying the impofitions and duties on the merchandizes and commodities thereby charged, and which are by this ad continued, (hall be of full force and effed until the (aid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen.

VET. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the additional and other rates, duties, impofitions, and charges upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes granted by an ad of parliament made in the fourth year of their faid late Majefties reign, intituled. An all for granting to their Maje-flies certain additional impofitions upon feveral goods and merchandizes , for projecting the prefent war againfl France, which by feveral fubfequent ads of parliament already made, have continuance until the faid firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, (hall by virtue of this ad be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, from the laft day of Jufy> one thouland fevcu huo-dred and twelve, to the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, and no longer; and that the faid ad laft-mentioned, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, (except as herein after is excepted and provided) as for and concerning the faid rates, duties, and impofitions, (hall continue and be of full force and effed until the laid firft day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, and (hall be applied, pradifed, and executed foF the railing, levying, colleding, anfwering, and paying the faid duties hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent ad, as if the faid laft-mentioned ad, and all and every, tne claufes, matters and things therein contained, had been again repeated, and particularly enaded in this prefent ad.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That in ^11 cafes where any other provi-fion or alteration is made by any ad or ads of parliament now. in being, in or about any otner matter or thine contained in the faid ad of parliament for the impofitions laft-mentioned, fuoh other provifions or alterations (hall be obferved, during the continuance of the term hereby granted ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftandjng.

IX.	And it is hereby further enaded. That the feveral impofitions and duties for and upon all whale-rims imported) which by an ad of parliament in the ninth .year of the jreignof Us

faid

Digitized by ^ooQle

Anno fexto Ann.®; c. 19.	357

laid late majefty KmgWilliam the Third, (intituled,- An act for 9-& W. 3. taking away half the duties impofed on glafs wares, and the whole c-duties lately laid on Rone and earthen wares, and tobacco pipes, /Jr granting in lieu thereof new duties on whale fins and Scotch linen) were granted to his faid late majefty King William, and by fubfeqdent adts already palled, have continuance until the firft day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, fhall Be, and are hereby continued to her Majefty, her heirs an<| fucceftors, from the laft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, to the firft day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred irid fourteen, and no longer; and fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, in flich manner and form, and by fucb ways and means, and under fuch penalties as are mentioned m the faid adt for granting the faid impofitions on whale-fins and Scotch linen; which adt, with all the powers, provifoes, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, Or thereby referred to, fhall continue and be in full force until the faid firft day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, and (hall be applied, pradtifed, and put in execution for railing and levying the faid duties on whale-fins, hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, as fully and effedtually as if all the claufes, matters, and things therein contained, concerning the faid duties on whale-fins, were repeated, and again enadted in the body of this pre-fentadt.

X.	And whereas the Jaid fubfiiies of tonnage and poundage, and the Jaid other duties granted therewith, in the faid twelfth year of King Charles the Second, as afore faid) as to wines, goods and ivCar.i.c.4, merchandizes imported ; and the faid impofitions on wines, vinegar and tobacco, which were firft granted to King James the Second^ in the firft year of his reign ; and the faid impofitions on 1 Ja,*# c-Eaft India goods > and other goods charged therewith, which were firft granted to their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, in iW.&M. the fecond year of their reign; and the faid additional impofitions If- *• c* 4-whicb \oere firft granted to them in the fourth year of their reign $ ^&c5 W# & and the faia duties on whale-fins imported, which were granted to his 9 & ,’05w. 3. faid Idte majefty King William, in the ninth year of his reign, were c. 45. by the faid alt of the fifth year of her Majefty9s reign, (intituled, 5 A110*c< x7* An adt for continuing feveral fubfidies, impofitions, and duties, and for making provifions therein mentioned, to raife money by way of'loan for the fervice Of the War, and other her Majefty’s necefiary and important occafions, and for afeertaining the wine roeafare; continued9 as afmfaid, until the faid firft day of Auguft,, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve* in the manner therein rtien-tkned,ohd are by the faid alt of the fifth year if her Majeftfs reign, made fktjeff and liable to the fatisfaliion of the principal and inte-reft monies therein mentioned, which are to be paid and difeharged in the firft plbde out of the fubfidies, impofitions, and duties granted or continued by the alt laft mentioned: now it is hchfby further decla-red and fcna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and im- ^fnCcVaf &c mediately after the time that all the principal and intereft monies, charged by Which by the laid adt of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign 5 Annae, (hall

A a 3 '	are	difeharged.

Digitized by LjOOQie

Neceflary charges ex. ceptcd.

358	Ahnb	fextd	KtoA. 6. t

the half fubfi- are charged Upon the feveral fubfidies, duties, arid Itnpbfition* dies, &c. tobe laft-meotidned, (hall be fully paid off and fatisfied, or tnht fuffi-^Pthe ufc^of cient moncy ^a,l be referved in the Exchequer for that purpofe, this aft. thea all the monies which (hall from thenceforth arife by on* moiety or half part of the faid fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes imported (which Were firft comprehended in the faid alt Of thd jiCar.i, c.4. Twelfth year of King Chattel the Second) and all the monies* which from and after fUcb payment made, or rtferving money to difeharge all fuch principal and intereft, as aforefald, (hall aV fife by the faid itPpofitions upon wine. Vinegar, tobacco, Eaft India goods, and other goods therewith charged, and by thd faid additional impoiitions on goods and merchandizes, and by the faid duties upon whale-fins, for the remainder of the feveraj terms formerly granted, and therein then to come and upex-pired (except the nlceflary charges of railing, levying, collelt-r ing, and accounting for the fame) (hall from type to time bd paid into the receipt of the Exchequer diftinlUy, for the pur-pofes in this prefent alt exprefled, and for no other ufe, intent* Or purpofe wnatfoever.

XI.	And whereas all wines of the growth and ptoduftof France, French wines, or of any dominions under the French King, are by feveral fowl and flatutes liable to the payment of feveral duties Upon the importation thereof and particularly' by an aft of parliament mad? ih the fe-venth year of the reign of his faid late rhajefty King William the Third (intituled, An alt iot granting to his Majefty an additional duty upon all French godds and merchandises) it was enable£ amongfl other things, That for ei)ery ton of French wine imported within the tithe therein mentioned, there Jbould be paid (wcnty jjvf pounds above the duties before charged thereupon: but by another aft made in the eighth year of the fame King's reign, (Intituled, alt for granting to his Majefty a further fubfidy of tonnage and poundage upon merchandizes imported, for the term of two Jrears apd three quarters, and an additional land tax for one year, for carrying on the war againft France) it was providef, That nothing in the faid aft of thejeventb year of his faid late Ma-jejlfs reign, Jbould c/jarge any merchandize of the growth of¥r*t\$e, which Jbould be bona fide, feized or taken, and condemned qs prize? ivitb any further or other duties thqpwhat they were or oUght to have been eharged withal before the making of the aft lajl-tnentioned\ and her Maje/ly, by her royal declaration bearing date the firjl day of June, in the prfl year of her reign, for the encouragement of her Jhips if war and privateers, was pleafed to fubjeft all Jhips, vejfels, and goods, which Jhould be taken and condemned as lawful prize? to the payment of fuch cujloms and duties only as are therein mentioned: and whereas by an aft made in the fecond year of her Majefy s reigy, in-tituled, /Vn alt for granting to her Majefty an additional fubfi-?	^	tonnage and poundage for three years, and for laying a

further duty upon French wines condemned as lawful prize, and for afeeruining the values of unrated goods imported from the Eaji Indies) it was enabled. That for every ton of any wines of the

ySityy.i C- »0.

3

C* 2+.



,7°7-l Anno fexto Amnje. c» 19.	359

growth or product of France, or of any dominions ukdrr the French King, feized or taken, or to befeized or taken by any of her Afafe/ifs /Ups, or by any privateers, or otherwife, and which at any time or times, during the term of three years, which commenced from the eighth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and three,

Jbovld be condemned or adjudged as lawful prize, there Jhould be paid to bet Majefiy the Jim of fif teen pounds over and above the duties before that time charged thereupon, without deduction, and Jo propor-tionabby for a greater or lefftr quantity; which duty of fifteen pounds per ton, expired on the eighth day of March* one thoufand feven hundred and fix: now ft rs hereby cna&ed by the authority a-forefard, Tnot for every ton of any wine of the growth or pro- French prize d ts£t of France, or of any dominions under the French King, ^et to pay feitid or taken, or to be feized or taken by any her Majefty’s 15|# ^ ton, (hips, or by any privateers, or otherwife, and which at any during war. time or times, from and after the fifteenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feven, during the prefent war,

(hall be condemned or adjudged as lawful prize, and for every ton of any wmes of the growth or product of France, or of any dominions under the French King, which after the feid fifteenth day of March, one thoufend feven hundred and feven, during the Aid prefent war, (hall be feized and condemned for unlawful importation, or for being brought into any part of Great Britain by cbliufion, there fhaQ be paid to the Queen’s majefty the fum of five avid twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, without dedudion, and fo proportionally for a greater or lefler quantity.

XII.	And it is hereby declared. That (over and above theshjps, &c.

(aid duty of five and twenty pounds per ton on. prize wines by taken as pfial, Ibis impofed) all (hips, vefiels, wines, and other goods and &c. liable to merchandizes, which (hall be taken from the enemy, and demited as lawful prize, and all wines, goods, and merchandizes Queen’* which (hail be feized and condemned tor unlawful importation, declaration, or for being brought in by collufion, as aforefaid, during the prefent war, (hall be fubjeA and liable to fuch or the like cu-ftoms and duties to which (hips, goods, and merchandizes taken and condemned as prize, were fubje&ed or intended to be fubje&ed by her Majefty’s declaration aforefaid ; and that all Dut;es t01* the duties by (his aA chargeable upon (hips, wines, goods, and paid out of the merchandizes, ttkeh or feized, as aforefaid, (hall and may be neat proceed detained and fatisfied out of the neat proceed of fuch refpe&ive uP°n * prizes and feizures, upon fale of the femej and if any entire prize or feiaure (hall not be (efficient by its neat produce to an-(toer all the feid duties thereupon, then the faid neat produce ™cn to be apl (hall be applied proportionately towards difeharging the faid du- plied propor-ties, fo far as the feid produce (hall extend thereunto, and fo tionably, &c. much as (hall arife by this a& of or for the faid duty of five and twenty pounds perron* upon wines taken or feized, as afore-fttd, (halt be applied towards the payment of the principal and interlft to be borrowed upon this a6t; and the reft of the monies afifirtg by (he feid duties upon fuch prizes or f$izures, as

A a 4	aforefaid.

Digitized by i^ooQle

3^o	A#ina/cxto A/Injl c. 19I	[ITPT*

afbrefadd, /hall be apportioned apd appbedtothe fefite J&tni efts .and purpofes whereunto the like duties upon the like good* or merchandizes imported, are ^pplieabltrhy virtue of the ral laws relating thereunto. .	,	:	-

No drawback XIII, And for encouraging the manufa&ure of cordage in fore^cord- Grtai Britain, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, age, fc. ex-* That foreign cordage, or cable yam imported, or to; be import-ported, ed into Great Britain* upon exportation thereof, at any time of times from or after the five and twentieth day of Abrek, one thoufand (even hundred and eight, for any parts beyond die feas, (hall have no allowance or drawback of any duties paid or fecured by this or any other aits, laws, or (latutes whatfoever, upon the importation thereof; any thing in this, or any other a& or adts of parliament, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And whereas notwtthjlanding the feveral laws now in font for preventing of clandejtine importation of foreign goods, great quantities of wrought filks mixed with gold and jdver, and other fIks, have of late been imported, contrary ta law, to the great prejudice of the manufacturers of this kingdom: for remedy thereof, be it ena&ed by the authority ^forefaid. That from and after the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eight. Importers of an<* every fuch perfon and perfons whatfoever^ who (hall fc-yprought filks cretly and cfandeftinely import, bring, or convey into this Jring-eo forfeit 100I. dom, any wrought filk or filks mixed with gold or filver, or any ^c*	other materials, and all and every their aiders, abettors, and al-

fiftants, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit two hundred pounds, over and above the penalties to which the fame are liable by any Sellers and laws now in force; and the perfon or perfons in whofe ciiftody

SrieinSe (ilk or P0®5®011	®a^	**	f°un(l»	or who (hall fcU or offer

and loo 1, ^ the fame to fale, knowing thereof, and all and every perfon or perfons who (hall conceal fuch filks, with intent to prevent the forfeiture of the fame, (hall over and above the lofs of the /aid filks, for every fuch offence forfeit one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffbrs 1 the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at (Veflminfitr, wherein no eflfoin, privilege, profe^ion, or wager of law /haU be allowed, nor any more than, one imparlance, yfhere filks	XV. And be it further ena&ed. That all fuch filks fo forfeit-

n>kf1rCi!i	as aforifaid, in that part of Great Britain called England, /hall

lh, be ow.	^ Qujjom nQUfe at London, by inch of candle, to the

higheft bidder, and fuch of them as (hall be fo forfeited, as aforefaid, in that part of Great Britain cz\\&& Scotland, (hall be it fold at the Gujlm Houfe in Edinburgh* in like manner, and not ptherwife.	;

Claufe of loan XVI. Provided aHo, and it is hereby further enaded by the liVsd.^q. authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may he lawful to and for 5 '	*	•	any perfon or perfons, natives, or foreieners,:bodies pohrick or

corporate, to sdvAnce or lend to beqf< Majefty atv the receipt qf :	;.	'	....	’	'	*	’her

Digitized by L^ooQle

3<5i

her Majefty’s Exchequer, as well uponcreditof the feveral fob-ficfies, iropofirions,and duties by this adt granted or continued* as aUb upon credit of themonies which by the laid ad of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign* after fetisn&ion of the princi- j Anne, 0.17. pal and intereft thereupon* as aforefaid, (hall arife by the fubfi-dies,;impofttions, and duties theibby- granted, any funis which (hall notexceed in the whole fevep hundred twenty nine thoufand fixty feven pounds* fifteen fhiUingsand fix pence three farthings* for the fervice of the war, and other her Majefty’s occafiops; and for a (brand moreover the treafurerof the Exchequer for the time be- therfura for ing* or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury |p*k‘ng g°°d for the time being* are hereby authorized and dire&ed to caufe aia^Latwrf the officers of the (aid receipt of Exchequer to receive from time	*

to time by way of loan, from any perfon or perfons* bodies politick or corporate* willing to make the fame at the faid receipt* any further fum and fums of money* over and above the (aid fum of feven hundred twenty nine thoufand fixty feven pounds, fifteen (hillings and fix pence three farthings, as:(hall be fufficient to make good the payment of all the intereft monies appointed or allowed by this ad, every three months* until the faid fubfidies, impofitions, and duties arifing by this or the faid ad of the fifth year of her Majefty’s reign, or either of them firft happening, (hall come into the Exchequer* and be fufficient for that purpofe, purfuant to the intent and meaning of this ad; and that all the lenders, as well of the faid fum not exceeding feven hundred twenty nine thoufand fixty feven pounds, fifteen (hillings, and fix pence three farthings, as of the faid further films for making good the payment of the intermediate intereft as aforefaid, (hall have and receive intereft for the forbearance thereof, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum ; and that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this ad, (hall be tax* taxed, rated or afiefled by any ad of parliament whatsoever.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enaded, That all and every Lenders to perfon or perfons who (hall lend any money upon fuch credits have tallies •s aforefaid, and pay the fame into the (aid receipt of Exchequer, »°d°rder»

(hall immediately have a talley of loan (truck for the fame, and ,tnick» c* an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tallies, in or upon which order (hall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbearance thereof at the rate aforefaid, and to be paid every three months Payable every .until the re-payment of the principal; and that all fuch orders 1month** for re-payment of money to be lent, (hall be regiftred in courfe, according to the dates refpedively, without other preference of one before another; and that all and every'perfon and perfons orders to be (ball be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall ftand re- regiftred, and giftred in the faid regifter book, fo as the fafd perfon, native or pud in courfe, foreigner, his her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors *c" or aingtw, who (hall have his her or their order or orders firft entred in the faid refpedtive books of regifter, (hall be taken and pccaunted the firft perfon to be paid our of the monies to come in by this adl y and be, (he, or they who ft)all have his her or

their

Digitized by

Google

without undue preference or fee, fee.

on petnof treble damage*, fee.

$6t	Artnd	fe*td	AkKA.	C.	[170?.

their order er orders next entred, (hall be taken end accounted to la the fecend perfon to be paid, and fb fuecefRvdy, and in COUrfe; and that the monies, to Comeirt, of or for the federal fubfidks, impofitions, or duties by this act granted or continued as aforefaid, and alfo the monies which by the fold aft Of the fifth year of her Mljefty’s reign (after fatisfadtion of the principal and intereft thereupon as aforefaid) (hall arife by tbo ftbfidtes, hnpofitions, and duties thereby granted, as afrit e&id, (except the faid duties to arife by prizes and feizures, other than the duty of fire and twenty pounds ptt ton before-mentioned) (hall be liable in the fame order to the fatisfaCtion of the monies to be lent as aforefaid, to the refoedtive parties, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and afugns refpedtivc-ly, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife; and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other trte, intern, or purpofe whatfoerer; and that no fee, reward. Or gratuity, diredtly or indirect ly, be demanded or taken of any her Majefty’s fubjedts, for providing or making of any fitch books or regrfters, or any entries, views, or fearch in Or for payment of money lent, of the intereft thereof as a-forelaid, by any of her Majefty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with treble cofts of fuit, or if the officer himfelf take of demand any fuels fee or reward, then toiufe his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before another fhall be made, other m point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this adl, by any fuch officer of and to paythe officers, then the party offending (hall be liable by adfion of debt,See.7 debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with damages and tofts to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of his Clerk liable, plate or office; and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredtion or privity of his trailer, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch addon, debt, damages, and cofts, and mall be for ever incapable of hit plate and office > and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (haU not diredt, or the clerk of the pells record, or the tiller make payment, according to each perfon’s due place and order, as before diredted, then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the re-fpedtive deputies and clerks herein offending to be liable to faeh addon, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, add Colts to be incurred by any of the officers of the Exchequer, Of any then-deputies or clerks, (hall and may he recovered by anion Of debt, bill, fait, or Information, in any of her Majewy*s doom of record at JVefltmnfier, wherein no eflbin, protedtion, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint (Kali in any wife be granted or allowed.

Tallin bear- XVfll. Provided always, and be it hereby declared. That if ft jp* date the happen that feveral tallies of loan, or orders for payment as a-undue™*?0	formxi, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of

Iference. the receipt to be regiftred, then R fhall be interpreted no undue

preference,

Digitized by LjOoq le

j	Aftlo	fexfc>	Artiwfc.	C,i$;	363

ffefeVtncS, wfcdfi of thoftb* irtfred firft, fd MttfMhtfM all the fame d£y.	:	,	; : «	1::

XIX.	Provided alfo, Tttl it fittl! ntt he Htfctptcfed ttiy tiff- No penalty to dufc preference, t6 Incur toy penalty id poiftt of payment, }f the j.ncur*if fub-auditor direft, arid the derfc of the pens record, and the leller* firft do pay fubfe^tiem orders to perfotts that come arid dettwtrid theft paid’ ^ thbnies, attd brirtg their Ofdets, before other perfons that did not

Odme to take their monied, and bflrig their orders in their courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which fhall not be otherwife difpofed, but kept for them, intefeft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referred tod kept it> bank for them.

XX.	And be it further eriafted, That ill and every pertbrt Orden affigin and perfons, to whom any money fftall be dde f6t Idari* to be*bk. fegiftred by Virtue of this aft, after Order eritred in the book Of

regifter as aforefaid, his cXeCutors, adrtilrtiftratOVJ, Or afllgris, by proper words of afllgnmeht, td be ehdoffed arid written upoft ■ nis order, may affign or transfer his right, title, Inferefi, and benefit df fuch order, dr airy part thereof, to any other. Which being notified in the office or the auditor Of the receipt afore*-faid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo triad* in the bddk of regiftrv aforefaid for order*, which the officers fhall upon re* queft without fee or charge accordingly make, fhall entitle fuch alfighOe, his executors, adrriiniftrator*, and afligns, to the beriefft thereof, and payment thereon, and fuch aflighee may in like ^lgnec mty manner affign again, atid fo tatU% qtioties, arid afterward* ft (hall affign again, pot be in the power of fuCh perfon or period* Who have tk hath made fuch aflignment, to make void, releafe, and difehar^e the fame, or any the monies thereby dhe, or arty part thereof.

XXI.	And whertas in and by the faid aft of the fifth year of her faid Majefiy s reign, a credit was given for any fums not exceeding eight hundred' twenty two thoufdna three hundred eighty one poiwdr, fifteen JbiUings, and fix pence farthing, to be borrowed at an intereft, •; after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, upon the feVe^ ral fubfidies, impofitions, and duties in that aft mentioned \ and the lord high tredfiurer, or any three dr more of the commiffidtiers of the ireafiury for the time being, are thereby authorized and dire fled fo caufe the officers of the Exchequer to receive from time to time, by Way of loan, at the like inter eft at the faid receipt, any further fu9n

qr fums of money over and above the faid fum of eight hundred twenty

two tboufdnd three hundred eighty one pounds, fifteen JhiHings, add fix

fence farthing, as Jbould be hcfficUnt to makegood the payment of all

the inter eft monies appointed or allowed by that aft, every three monlhi,

until the fifbfi&ies, impofitioHs, and duties therein mentioned\ JhotHA

fome into the Exchequer, dni'be Jufficient for that purpofe, purfuaftt

to the ihtehi and true meaning of that aft : now it is hereby prd«- Claufe of loan

Vided and enafted by the authority afofefhid, That nothing iri ,n s Ann*,

this aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the {rffened by”

.taking away, altering. Or leflening the faid power and direftiori this aft.

of bofroWihg monies to make good the payment of the faid in-

tpreft every tnfee months, until the faid fubfidies, impofitions,

6	'	and



164	Ajiiio fexto Ann*, x. i$.'

and duties in the (aid recited ad mentioned, (halt come in and be fuffirient for that purpofe, as aforefaid, or in any wife to alter r	or prejudice the fecurity given by the fmd ad of the fifth year

of her Majefty’s reign, for the repayment or fatisfadkm of the fame, or any other the principal and intcreft monies which were fecured or intended to be fecured by that ad, that the orders for the lame (hall be regiftrqd in courfe, and paid in the fame manner, as if this ad had never been made; this prefent ad, or any thing therein contained, or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wife notwit hftanding,

Claufe of ap- XXII. And be it enaded by the authority atorefaid. That propriation. *1] the monies lent and to be lent unto her Majefty on one ad of 6 Ann. c. i. this feffion of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to bar Majefty to be raifed by a land tax.in Great Britain,	the fir-

vice of the year one tboufand fiven hundred and eighty and fo much money (if any foch be) of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain (after all the loans made or to be made upon that ad, and the mtereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for the railing the laid tax, (hall be fatisfied, or money fuffirient (hall be referved to difchsrge the feme:) and all the monies lent and to be lent unto her Majefty, upon one other ad of this 6 Ann. c. 4* feffion of parliament, intituled. An act for charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, fir the fervice of the year one tboufand fiven hundred and eight, and fo much money of the faid duties on malt, mum, cyder, and pdrry thereby granted# as (hall arife and remain after all the loans made or to bo made upon that ad, or thereby transferred or direded to be transferred thereunto, and the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties thereby granted, (hall be fatisfied, or monies fuffirient (hall be referved to discharge the fame: and the fum not exceeding five hundred and forty thoufend pounds mentioned and intended to be raifed by SAmlC' 5. another ad of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An act fir raifing a further fttppfy to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year arte tboufand fiven hundred and eight, and other ufes, by file of annuities charged on a fund not exceeding forty tboufand pounds per annum, to arife by appropriating fiveral Jurpbiffis, and by granting further terms in the duties on low wines, and on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, the fiamp duties, the one third fubjidy, the duty on Jweets, and one of the branches of excifi, and by making other provijwt in this aft mentioned: and the fum not exceeding one million and twenty thoufand pounds, mentioned and intended to be raifed by an-6 Ann. c.n. other ad of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An act for continuing one half part of the Jubftdies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes imported% winch wore granted to the crownin the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and for fettling a fund thereby and by other ways and means, fir payment of annuities not exceeding eighty thoufand pounds per annum, to be fold for raifing a fupply to her Majefty for the firvice of the year one thoufand /even hundred and eight, and other ufes therein exprejfed: and the fum of one million

twp

1707-] Anno foxta ANKiE. c. 19.	365

two hundred thoufand pounds, agreed to be advanced by the $ Ana. 0.17, Bnglijb company trading ta the Eaft Indies, purfuant to an alt of this feffion ot parliament for afltiring to the faid EngUJb company trading to the Eaft Indies on account of the united ftock, a longer time in the fond and trade therein mentioned : and the? fum not exceeding feven hundred twenty nine thoufand and fixty feven pounds, fifteen (hillings and fix pence three farthings,' intended to be raifed on this prcfent alt, mall be appropriated*’ iflued, and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated for or towards the feveral ufes and purpofes herein after exprefled; (J^,nary of that is to fay, for or towards the defraying the charges of the >navy* ordinary of her Majefty’s navy, and for viltuals, wages, wear, and tear, and other fervices of the navy, and the viltualling tnere-of performed, and to be performed; and for the fea fervice ill the office of the ordnance, performed and to be performed* and for or towards making of a wharf and ftorehoufe at Port/-mouth 5 and for or towards the land fervices performed, and Wharf at to be performed, by the office of ordnance; and to and for fub- Portfraouth. fiftence, off-reckonings, and clearings for one year, from the three and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hun-dred and feven, to her Majefty’s guards and garrifons in Great Britain, and the contingent charges of the fame; and for pay- SSids. * ment of invalids for the faid year, beginning from the faid three and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feven; and for or towards the defraying the chaiges of her Majefty’s army and fuch forces as are or inall be added thereunto. Armies in in the Low Countries or Germany, within or for one year, to be Germany and reckoned from the faid three and twentieth d%y of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feven, and the contingent charges oun nc,# thereunto belonging; and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of three thoufand Palatines formerly taken 3000 Pala-into the fervice of her Majefty and the States General, for the tincs# year one thoufand feven hundred and eight; and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of four thoufand fix-hundred thirty nine Saxons formerly taken into the fervice of her 4*39 Saxons* Majefty and the States General, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and eight; and for or towards her MajeftyY proportion of the charge ©7 Bstbmar's regiment of dragoons, confifting of Bothraar's eight hundred men, formerly takendnto the fervice of her Ma^ dragoons, jetty and the States Generalfor the year one thoufand feven hundred and eight; and for maintaining her Majefty’s eftablifh-ed forces to ferve in Spain and Portugal, including the pay ofspain wul general officers, and the charge of contingencies, and for for- Portugal, rage, waggon money and baggage money, and for the charge of Garriion of the garrifoB of Gibraltarand for the augmentation of her Ma- Gibraltar, jetty’s forces, in order to ftrengthen the army of the duke of ”***•m Sa* Sawy, for making good the alliances with the Ring of Portugal, Alliance* with and for the emftual carrying on the war for recovery of the Portugal. Spanish monarchy to the houfe of Auftria\ and for Or towards Proportion of the payment of her Majefty’s proportion of the fobfidies due upon treaties'made or to; be madewith her Majefty’s allies and*

other

Digitized by v^»ooQle

366	Annpftntc>A	NtMJ.	C.20,21, f 1707,

other charges for the farvice of the w-w, for any time before or nodi the five and twentieth day gfi Dumber, pne thoufand intereft on fev«D hundred and eight j and for the payment of a year and a unfatufied de- quarter's intereft further on the unfafisfod debentures charged bentures. upon the	Irijb forfeitures; and for or towards the tranfoortatfon

Tranfport*. ^ j^utd forces performed and to be performed ; and for or to.

Wards difcharging the premiums and other charges foe circulating for another year foe bills commonly called foe Exchequer bills, which were ifiqed before the (aft feffion of parliament | and for or towards foe paying of an extraordinary fobfidy to the duke of $evty for efpecial fcryicc, ip profeeufing foe war againft France, in foie year one fooufaod (even hundred and feven ; and for or towards foe making good of a fom not exceeding twenty two thoufand nine hundred fifty fevep pounds two foldings* tn complete foe fum of forty two fooufand nine hundred fifty fevep pounds two (hillings, for an additional fobfidy to foe landgrave of H*J[*	CaJJil, for augmenting his trpop6, and marching them

£affel Italy*and for defraying foeir expence pf bread, waggons.

and carriages, and of hofpitsls for foeir fick and woupded, for Fortifications, *** fcrvice of the year ope fooufand (even hundred and feven;

Exchequer bill*. . Extraordinary fubfidies to the duke of Savoy.

To fo* land.

&C. of Gibraltar.

•7**5!. tOSi for the marines.

and for. or towards foe making good a fum not exceeding twelve thoufand two hundred eighty four pounds nineteen foil lings and eight pence half penny* to defray foe charge of foe fortifications* ind other Cervices 0ffoe garrifon of Gibraltar, in the year one fooufand feven hundred and fix, and to no other ufes, intents, or purpofes whatsoever; provided always. That opt of foe monies to be ifiued to the guards and garrifons, as afortfaid, there (hall and may he tqjben and applied any fum not exceeding eighty (even thoufand one hundred twenty five pounds and ten fouling?* towards foe charge	of maintaining the foIdler? railed and

to be railed for fea fenfice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; and opt of the monies to he .jfiued for the fenfire of the navy and fea fervice, as aforefeid, there foaJl be taken and applied focb fums* a? together with the (aid fum not exceeding eighty fevga thoufand one hundred twenty five pounds and ten (hillings*- foail be necefiary for the charge of maintaining the fatd foldiers for fea fervice, with foeir officers, and the contingent charge? thereunto belonging; any thing herein contained to foe contrary notwithftapdmg.



CAP. XX.

An act for continuing an aft made in the third year of her Mafefty's reign, intituled. An ad for fuwifinttg muitm and deferim, and ftdfe mnftn, mi for tbt bettor payment of the armj and ymttn*

CAP. XXI.

An	aft	for ‘tbt avoiding of doubts and ojuejtions touching the

fiatutes of divers cathedral and collegiate churches.

I. TI7 H E R E A $ fevtral doubts and queftim have ad V V may hereafter	arije, in relation to the validity and force tf

the fiatutes of divers cathedral and collegiate	founded by King

Henry the Eighth, of famous	memory, which doubts and quefiim bene

been



3*7

1707 J	Anno fexto Annjb. c. 21.

irr* occafmed, pertly by a temporary aft of parliament made in tie firjl year of the reign of §)ueen Mary the Firft, w relation to fucb fatutes made by the fatd mte King Henry the Eighth, and in order to defeat the true and pious ends and defegns of the fold foundations, and partly by reafin of the known lofs of many records and evidences i M. 1. feff. during the late rebellion in this kingdom: and whereas the faid doubts ' and JiJptUes may in time not only turn to the great difyuiet and prejudice of the feiid foundations, but may trove a manifeft obftruflion to the peace, order, good government and difdpline of the churchy unlefs fome Jpeedy and effectual remedy be provided-, be k therefore enaAed and declared by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefect parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in aJl cathedral and collegiate Statutes of churches, founded by the faid King Henry the Eighth, fuch cathedral and ftatutes as have been ufually received and pra&ifcd m the go- ^urthe* vernmeryt of the fame refpe&ively, fince the late happy reftora- pra&ifed (bee tion of King Charles the Second, and to the obfervance whereof the reftora-the deans and prebendaries, and other members of the faid tbn^of King churches, from the faid time have ufed to be fworn at their in- be good and ftaiiments or admiffions, (hall be, and (hail be taken and ad- valid/ judged to be good and valid in law, and (hall be, and be taken and adjudged to be the ftatutes of the faid churches refpe&ively t neverthelefs fo far forth only as the fame, or any of them, are in no manner repugnant to, or inconfiftent with the conftitutioa of the church of England, as the fame is now by law eftabliftied.

Or the laws of the land.

'II. Provided always, -and be k further cna&ed by the author No proftcu-rity aforefaid, That no perion or perfons (hall at any time here- don for non after be liable to any profecutjop, cenfure, or punimment what-foever, for not having obferved any of the ftatutes hereby ratified £,re 9 Mardif and confirmed, or for having done ally thing contrary to the 1707. fame, on or before the ninth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fevenany thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III. Provided always, and be k ensured, That it (hall and Queen *d*y may be lawful for her Majefty, during her life (which God long preferve) from time to time to alter, amend, correA, revoke, (bmtesTawd. diminifh, or enlarge the faid ftatutes, or any of them,' and to make new make new ftatutes and ordinances for the faid cathedral and ones, &c. collegiate churches, and for re&iming or fettling the local vifita-tion of them, or any of them, in fuch manner, from time to time, as to her Majefty (hall feem meet.

CA?.

Digitized by

,y Google

Anno facto AtfNM. c. 22.

[1707.

368

CAP. XXII.

An sB far continuing federal duties therein mentioned, upon coffee, chocolate,/pices, piftures, and muflins, and additional duties upon feveral of the /aid commodities, and cert tin duties upon callicoes, China wares and drugs \ and for continuing the duties called the two third fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, for preferving the publick credit •, and for afcertaimng the duties of com exported for foreign parts \ and for fecuring the credit of the bank of England •, and for puffing feveral accounts of taxes raifed in the county of Monmoutn •, and for promoting the consumption of fuck tobacco as Jhall have paid her Majefty's duties.

t & 4 Anns, I. O S T gracious Sovereign, Whereas by an aft of parliament *•	AVI	made	in England in the third year of your Mayefifs reign,

intituled. An a€t for continuing duties upon low wines, and up* on coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices, and pi&ures, and upon hawk* ers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and upon muflins, and for granting new duties .upon feveral of the faid commodities; and alfo upon callicoes, China ware, and’drugs, feveral duties therein mentioned upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafle, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and piftures imported, were continued from the laft day of April, one tboufand feven hundred and fix, till the twenty fourth day of June, one ihoufand feven hundred and ten, and a certain duty upon muflins imported, after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, was continued from the twenty ninth day of September, one tboufand feven hundred and fix, till the faid twenty fourth day of June, one tboufand ffttoi hundred and ten; and by the fame aft for increajing your Ms-jefly's revenues, feveral new additional rates and fums therein particularly expreffed, were laid upon all coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafle, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and piftures, which ffiould be imported at any time or times after the firft day of February, one ihoufand feven hundred and fottr, and before the twenty fourth day §f June, one thonfand feven hundred" and ten, and by the fame aft fevered further rates and fums therein particularly mentioned, were charged or impofed for and upon all white callicoes, porcelan, commonly caBei China ware, and drugs (except thugs for dying) imported from and after the firfi day ^February, one tboufand feven hundred and four, at any time or times before the find twenty fourth day of June, one tboufand feven hundred and ten; thefaid feveral duties to bt fcveraby afcertained, anfwered, and paid in the manner therein mentioned; and in the faid aft there are contained elaufes of credit for lending thereupon any fums not exceeding in the whole feven hundred tboufand pounds, at an interefi not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, as by the fame may more largely appear: and whereas ft is likely that the duties granted by the find aft, may and will determine before the loans made thereupon, and all the interefi due, or to grow due for the fame, will be fatisfied: we therefore your Majefty’s

mod

Digitized by CjOOQle

Anno fcxto Ann#, c. a a.

369

mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, for preferving the publick credit, have given and granted, and do by this ad give and giant unto your Majefty th$ ieveral rates, duties, and (urns of money to be payable for and upon^ill coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pidures, muflins, white callicoes, porcelan, called China ware, and drugs (except drugs for dying) herein after mentioned, for the term and pur-pole herein after cxprefled; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be eaaded; and be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent, majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid duties, which by the faid aft of the third Duties on eof-year of her Majefty’s reign were continued upon coffee, cocoa	con*

nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, ** june”™o# mace, and pidures, and upon muflins, and the faid increafed, for 4 years or new additional rates and duties which were thereby laid up- longer, on all coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, 3&4Ann. cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pidures, and the faid further rates	^

and fums which were thereby charged or impofed for and upon 7 Ann. c. 7. all white callicoes, porcelan* commonly called China ware, and f- *6. but the drugs (except drugs for dying) (hall by virtue of this ad be con-r

duties on eof-

tinued and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and anawJs fuCcelTors, for and upon the fame commodities and merchan-imported, ars dizes refpedively, which (hall be imported or brought into Great repeahdhy Britain^ from and after the three and twentieth day of June, one JoGeo.i.c.io. thoufartd feven hundred and ten* at any time or times within, “^poled!* or during the term of four years from thence next and imme- ^J diately infuing, the fame rates, duties, and fums of money, and every of them refpedively (over and above all other duties and impofitions whatfoever already charged for or upon the fame commodities, or any of them refpedively, by any other laws or ftatutes now in force) to be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, Subje6t to the recover^!, anfwered, paid, and accounted for by fuch rules, t^T^draw-* ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties and for- backs, See. as feitures, and with fuch diftribution of the faid penalties and for- by former features, and fubied to fuch drawbacks, allowances, and repay- c menu, and in fuch manner and fprm in all refpeds as the like ftat.i. rates, duties^ and fums of money refpedively granted or con- f. ’ tinued by the faid ad of the third year of her Majefty’s reign are hereby, or by any other a (ft or ads, laws or ftatutes where-unto the laid ad hath reference, preferibed, enaded, or appointed, to be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid* and accounted for, during the continuance thereof

II. Ancf it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Former pow-all fuch Qf the powers, diredions, penalties, and forfeitures, erJcre^™» claufes, matters, and things provided, fettled, or eftabiifhed by l the faid ad of the third year of her Majefty’s reign, or by any other ad or ads now in force whereunto the fame hath relation,.

Vol. XI.	B b	.	for



loans upon 3 Ann*.

See 8 Geo. i. c. 15. f. 17.

Anno fexto AvvM. C. 22.	f*7°7*

for the better afceitaining, railing, levying, recovering,anfwering* or paying the (aid refpe&ive duties tnereby granted, or for making any drawbacks, re-payments, or allowances out of any of fhc faia feveral and refpeftive duties upon exportation, (hall be revived, and be continued, and be in force and virtue during the continuance of this aCt, and further for the recovery of all the arrearages and fums of money which (hall become due or payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors upon this aCl, in as foil and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, and every of them, were again repeated and re-ea-fc&ed in the body of this prefent aCt.

The fwd du- IW- And it is hereby declared and enadted by the authority tTff appropri- aforefaid. That the faid duties upon coffee, cocoa nuts, choco-ated for fecur-late, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and ing the monies pictures, and upon muflins, and the faid increafed or additional unlatisned tor	t^js a<^ contjnue(i and impofed upon all coffee, cocoa

nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pictures, and the faid further rates and fums by this aCt continued, and payable for and upon all white callicoes, porcelan, commonly called China ware, and drugs, (the necef-fary charges of railing, managing, paying, ahd accounting for the fame excepted) (hall be appropriated, paid, and applied, and be fubjeCt and liable (over and above the faid duties granted upon the like commodities by the faid former aCt) to and for the fecuring, paying, and fatisfying all the principal and intereft monies, which mail from time to time remain unfatisfied, of or for the loans made upon the faid aCt of the third year of her Majefty’s reign, not exceeding the fum of feven hundred thou-and not di- fand pounds before-mentioned, in the fame courfe, order and verted to any manner, as the monies arifing by the faid former aCt were there-othcr uic. by preferibed to be applied thereunto, and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfbever, under the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as by the faid a# of the third year of‘her Majefty’i reign are prefenbed, for diverting or mifapplying any the monies thereby arifing.

IV.	And whereas by another aft of parliament made in England, in the third year of yottr Majejfys reign (intituled, An aCt for granting to her Majefty a further fubfidy on wines and merchandizes imported) certain fubfdies of tonnage and poundage, commonly called the two third fubfidies, were granted and made payable for and upon all wines, goods, and merchandizes imported after the eighth 'day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and four, within or during the fpace of four years from thence next and immediately en-fuing; in which aft there are contained claufes of credit for lending thereupon, any fums not exceeding in the whole the fum of fix hundred thirty fix thoufand nine hundred fifty feven pounds, four /hillings, and a halfpenny, at an intetejl not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum; and it is likely that the faid fubfidies granted by the aft lajl-mentioned, may and will determine before the loans made thereupon and *all the intetejl due of to grow due fer the

fame

3 Be 4. Annas, c*>



37*

1707.]	Anno	fcxto	Aknjb,	c.22.

Jams will be fatisfiei: we therefore your Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aftcmbled, for preferving the publick credit, have alfo given and granted, and do by this ad give and grant to your Noajefty the laid fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, commonly called the two third fubfidies, herein after particularly defcribed, for fuch farther term, and for fiich. purpofe, as are herein after expreffed; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaft-ed, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That over and The two third above all other fubfidies, additional duties, impofitions, and fubfidies of payments whatfbever, by this or any other ad or ads of par- tonnage and liament or otherwife howfoever already due or payable, or which Continued ought to be paid to her Majefty, for or upon any wines, goods, fr0m7March# or merchandizes whatfbever imported or to be imported, there 1708. for 3 * ihall be raifed, levied, collefted, paid, and fatisfied unto her years, made Majefty, one other fubfidy called tonnage, for and upon all wines which from and after the feveath day, of March, one £ 21”n*’ C’ r* thoufand feven hundred and eight, at any time or times, within, or during the fpace of three years from thence next and immediately en?uing,fhaU beimported or brought into Great Britain, that is to fay, two third parts of fuch or the like feveral and re-ipexftive duties, as by an aft of the ninth year of the reign of 9 & 10	3»

his faid late majefty King William the Third, of glorious me- An‘n*, mory, were granted to his Majefty during his life3 and by an ItC. 7. * aft m the ftrft year of her Majefty’s reign are continued and payable, during her Majefty’s life, for or upon any kind of wine or wines refpeftively j and one other fubfidy called poundage of all manner of goods and merchandizes to be imported or brought into Great Britain, at any time or times from and after the faid feventh day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eight, within' or during the faid term of three years, by way of merchandize, that is to fay, two third parts of fuch or the like feveral and refpeftive duties, as by the (aid aft of the Except tobact ninth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign were granted, and by co, currant, the faid aft of the firft year of her Majefty’s reign are continued *nd and payable for or upon the fame goods and merchandizes re-fpeftively (except tobacco and fuch currans as fhall be imported tioos, &c. in Engijh built (hipping, navigated according to the laws now See 8 Ann*, in force, and fugar from the Englijh plantations, and fuch goods c* U* f-and other merchandizes, as by the two afts laft-mentioned, or either of them, are exempted from payment of the fubfidies thereby granted.)

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the How duties faid duties, commonly called the two third fubfidies, by this aft fhall be raifed granted and continued, as aforefaid, and every of them refpec- and accounted lively, (hall be afeertained, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, *0^• anfwered, paid, and accounted for, by fiich rules, ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch diftrihution of the faid penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeft to fuch drawbacks, allowances, and re-payments, and in fuch manner and form in all refpefts, as t\it like duties, commonly <	B b 2	called

Digitized by

Google

3 & 4 Ann*,

c. 4.

372	Anno fexto Annje. c.22.	[1707.

called the two third fubfidies refpeftively, granted by the £bd aft of the third year of her Majefty’s reign, are thereby, or by any other aft or afts, laws or ftatutes whereunto that aft hath reference, prefcribed, enafted, or appointed, to be afcertained, fecured, railed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid, and account-enrevmd*" ^ f°r> duringthe continuance thereof refpeftively j and that alJ fuch of the powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, claufe*, matters and things provided, fettled, or eftablilhed by the laid fubfidy aft of the third year of her Majefty’s reign, or by any other aft or afts now in force, whereunto that aft hath relation, for the better railing, levying, recovering, anfwering, or paying the laid refpeftive duties, commonly called the two third fubfi-dies, thereby granted, or for making any drawbacks, repayments, or allowances out of any of the faid feveral and refpeftive duties upon exportations, lhall be revived, and be continued, and be in force and virtue, during the continuance of this aft; and further for the recovery of all the arrearages, and Turns of money, which (hall become due or payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors upon this aft, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid powers, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, and every of them, were again repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

£>uties appro- VI. And it is hereby enafted and declared by the authority priated for aforefaid. That the faid duties, commonly called the two third mon?et^in(k- fubfidies, by this aft continued and payable (the neceflary ebarg-tisfiedupontbe cs of railing, managing, paying, and accounting for the fame, fubfidy aft, excepted) lhall be appropriated, paid, and applied, and be fub-3 & 4 Ann. jeft and liable (over and above the faid duties called the two third fubfidies, granted by the faid former aft) to and for the fe-curing, paying, and latistying all the principal and intereft monies, which (nail from time to time remain unfatisfied of or for the faid loans, not exceeding fix hundred thirty fix thoufand nine hundred fifty feven pounds, four (hillings, and a halfpenny, made upon the faid fubfidy aft of the third year of her Majefty’s reign, in the lame courfe, order, and manner, as the monies a-rifing by the aft laft-mentioned were thereby prefcribed to be applied thereunto, and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, under the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities as by the faid fubfidy aft of the third year of her Majefty’s reign are prefcribed, for diverting, or mif-applying any the monies thereby arifing.

Vll.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-forefaid. That when and as the faid refpeftive futns of feven ■	hundred	thoufand	pounds,	and	fix	hundred thirty fix thoufand

for publlck d nine hundred fifty feven pounds, four (hillings, and a halfpenny, fervice. and all the intereft thereof due and to grow due, (hall berefpec-tively paid off and fully difeharged, or that fufficient mouey lhall be referved in the Exchequer for that purpofe, purfuant to the true meaning of this aft, then and from thenceforth the faid duties chargeable by this aft .with the faid principal and

intereft.

c.5

and not diverted to any other ufe.

When debt lhall be paid off, monies

Digitized by foozle

373

1707.]	Anno	fexto	ANNiE.	c.22.

interefl, and cither of'them refpedrively, for jmd during the then remainder of the faid refpedtive terms hereby granted of and in the fame refpe&ively, (hall be difpofeable for the publick ufe and fervice by authority of parliament, and not otherwife j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

' VIII. And whereas by an at1 made in thejixth year of the reign 6 & 7 w. 3. of his faid late majejly King William the Tnird (intituled, An adt c. 18. for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon glafs wares, done and earthen bottles, coals and culm, for carrying on the war againft France) reciting, That the impofttion upon coals exported to foreign parts was fo greaty that it was almojl a prohibition, to the great diminution of his Majejly's cufiomSy and lejfening the En^lifh navigation on the exportation of coals beyond the feas: for remedy whereof it was thereby enaftedy That all coals exported beyond the feas in foreign bottoms, Jhould during the continuance of that afty only pay ten Jhillings the chaldron, and Englifh bottoms only three Jhillings the chaldron, which part of the faid aft was to determine on or about the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred j and by another aft made in the eleventh year of the fame King's reign, for continuing feveral laws therein mentioned, it was11 & ** w- 3. enadled, That all coals exported beyond the feas in foreign bottomSy c*

Jhould from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one

thoufand feven Hundred, for and during the fpace of feven yearsy

and from thence to the end of the then next fejftons of parliamenty

only pay ten Jhillings the chaldrony and in Englilh bottoms only three

Jhillings the chaldron; which feveral aftsy in relation to coals export-

*xdy have been found very beneficial and ufeful to the publicity and fully

Jo have anfvjered the good ends and intent thereof \ be it therefore

enadled by the authority aforeCaid, That all coals exported be- Coals export-

yond the feas, from and after the end of this prefent feflion of «d in foreign

f>arliament, until the twenty fifth day of Marcby one thoufand bottoms to even hundred and fifteen, and from thence to the end of the SL^oi/per* then next feflion of parliament, from Great Britain in foreign bot- chaldron, m toms, (hall only pay ten (hillings the chaldron; and in Britijh bot-*Briti(h bottoms only three millings the chaldron, and after thofe rates for tam8hol}!7 3*' greater or Jefler quantities; any former law or ftatute to the ^ow duties*' contrary notwithftanding. The laid refpeeftive duties on coals ex- (hall be levied, ported, to be raifed, levied, uplifted, and recovered in the fame manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as any other cuftonfis or duties payable to her Majefty upon the exportation See 8 Ann. of any goods or merchandizes are by any law or ftatute now in c- *3*	5*

force, to be raifed, levied, uplifted, or recovered in England or Scotland refpetftively.

IX.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the eighth year 8 & 9 W. 3. of the reign of his faid late majefty King William, of glorious me- c. io. & 9 mory {intituledy An a<ft for making good the deficiencies of feve- Ann* c-6*f*5 ral funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the capital ftock to ,I* of the bank of England, and for railing the publick credit) it is amongfi other things enaftedy That during the continuance of the corporation of the governor and company of the batik of England, no Other hanky or any other corporationy focietyy fellowship, company, or

1 B b 3	con-

Digitized by

Google

$74	Anne fexco Annab.c. n\	[1707.

mjliiution in the nature of a hanky /hall he erefted or tjlablijbei, permitted^ fujfered, countenanced, or allowed by aft of parliament within the kingdom, as in and by the faid aft more at large may appear*, neverthelcfs fince the faffing of the faid aft fome corporations by colour of the charters to them granted, and other great numbers of perfons, by pretence of deeds or covenants united together, have prefumed to borroiv great fums of money, and therewith, contrary to the intent of the faid aft, do deal as a bank, to the apparent danger of From 20 Sept ^ (ftcblifled credit of the kingdom: now for preventing of fuch 1708, during praftice in time to come, and the mifehiefs thence to arife, be it continuance enacted by the authority aforefatd, That from and after the. of bank, no twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one

thoufand feven hundred and eight, during the continuance of mteu in part- *	,	<• .	.	»	1	1	• n «

nerfhip, ex- the governor and company of the bank of England, it lhall not

ceeding 6 in be lawful for any body politick or corporate whatfoever, erefted, number, (hall or to be erefted, other than the faid governor and company of on thwr^bill? ^ bank °f England, or for other perfons, whatfoever united or payable underto he united in covenants or partnerfhip, exceeding the number $ months. of fix perfons, in that part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up any fum or fums of money on their ■bills or notes, payable at demand, or at any lefs time than fix months from the borrowing thereof.

All European Provided always, and ft is hereby enafted by the authority linen*, &c.Can ^forefaid, That all European linens, fillers threads, and tapes or exempted incle, linked, and flax, (hall be exempted From the payment from duties by the duties inipofed by this acfl (called the two third fubfidies, as this aft. afbrefaid) during the faid term of three years by this aft granted of and in the fame, as aforefaid; any thing in this aft contained to the-contrary notwithstanding.

Auditor m	XL And whereas in raifing the federal futns granted to his late

making up	majefly King William, ana her prefent Mojefy, by feveral afts of

receiver's ac- parliament for granting aids by a land tax in the years one thoufand coUm#	I™*71 hundred and one, one thoufand feven hundred and two, one thou-

Monmouth,to far^ fa™ hundred and three, one thoufand feven hundred and four, charge him one thoufand feven hundred and five, one thoufand feven hundred with thede- and fix, there hath happened a deficiency in the fever aland refpeft'rOe v^UidT k" a^s *n Q0Uniy fif Monmouth, and the commiffioners in the faid herein men- tounty having caufed the fame to be re-affeffed and paid to the receiver tioned. general in a grofs fum, and duplicates not regularly returned into her Majefly s remembrancers office in the Exchequer, by reafon whereof the receiver is incapable of faffing his account\ be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the auditor in making up the faid receiver’s accounts for the faid county, (hall charge the faid receiver with the fums contained in the (everal afts of parliament for the refpeftive years before-mentioned, fo as that the faid fums ana fully anfwered to her Majefty, although duplicates for the faid county are not regularly returned.

After 29 Sep. XH- And for promoting the confumption of tobacco of the 1708, no to- growth of her Majefty’s plantations in America, the increafe of bacco of the her Majefty’s revenue, and for the better encouragement of the Km* c to be fjld Eritijh plantations, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid.

Digitized by L.ooQle

17°7-3	Anno	fexto	Ann#. c. 13s	575

Th^t from and after the twenty ninth day of September, in the fold in any year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, it (hall ftips of war. not be lawful for any commander of any of her Majefty’s (hipa of war, or purfer thereof, to fell, deliver, or caufe to be fold or delivered to any of her Maiefty’s feamen or marines on board of fuch (hip, any tobacco of the growth of Europe* nor any tobacco mixed with tobacco of the faid growth.

XIII.	And for the better employment of the poor of this But only to-kingdom, be it likewife enaCted, That all tobacco to be ufed or of the ^onlumed on board any of her Majefty’s (hips of war in any ®r!tllb P,an“ part of Europe, from ana after the faid twenty ninth day of tfep-'f^ured^n1 " Somber y (hall be fuch as is of the growth of the faid Britijb plan- Great Britain, tations which hath paid her Majefty the full duties, and been manufactured in Great Britain ; upon pain that every fuch commander or purfer who (hall knowingly and wilfully offend herein, (hall forfeit their refpeCtivc places and employments, and three (hillings for every pound weight of tobacco, and fo in proportion for every greater or leffer quantity fo fold and delivered ; one moiety ^hereof to the Queen’s majefty, and the o-ther moiety to the informer who (hall fuc for the fame by aCtioi; or information in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Wefi-minjier, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law (hall bf flowed, and no more than one imparlance.

GAP. XXIII.

4* aft to make further provifton for electing and fummon-ing Jixtten peers of Scotland to ft in the boufe of peers in the parliament of Great Britain; and for trying peers far offences committed in Scotland •, and for the further regulating of voters in eletlions of members to ferve in parliament.

I.	HEREAS	by	the	two	and	twentieth	article	of	the treaty

VV of union for uniting the two kingdoms of England and .	\

Scotland, ratified and confirmed by the refpeftive parliaments of each kingdom* it was* amongfi other things* provided* That when her Maje-fly* her heirs or fuccefjors* Jhould declare their pleafure for holding the firft* or am fubfequent parliament of Great Britain, until the par-liament of Great Britain Jhould make further provifton therein, writs Jhpuld iffue under fbe great fial of the united kingdom of Great Britain, dire Sled to the privy council of Scotland, commanding them to caufe fixteen peers* who were to fit in the boufe of lords* fo be fummoned to parliament* in fuch manner as by an aft of she then prefent feffion of parliament of Scotland, was or Jhould be fettled* in which Jeffion of the parliament in Scotland, an aft was accordingly pajpd for that purpofe* intituled, An aCt fettling the manner of electing the fixteen peers and forty five members to reprefent Scotland in the parliament of Great Britain; which aft was afterwards confirmed by the parliament of England, and declared to be as valid as if the fame had been part of* and ingroffed in the faid articles of union s by which aft it is* amongfi other things, provided and

B b 4	cn-

Digitized by L^ooQle

Anno fexto Anna, c.23/	[1707.

enabled, That the fixteen part, who Jh&uldhave a right tn ftt'irt tbh hmife of peers in the parliament of Great Britain, on the part' cf Scotland, by virtue of the faid treaty, Jhould be narked by the 'fatd peers of Scotland, whom they represent, their heirs Or fiitcejfors td their dignities and honours, out of their own number, and that by o-pen eleblion aud plurality of voices of the peers prefent, and of the proxies for fuch as Jhould be abfent, the faii proxies being peers, and producing' a mandate in writing, duly figned before witnejfes, andbath the conjUtutnt and proxy being qualified according to law , and that fuch peers as were abfent, being qualified as aforefaii, might fend ta all fuch meetings a lift of the peers whom they judged fitteft, validly figned by the mid abfent peers, which Jhould be reckoned in the fame manner, as if the parties had been prefent, mi given in the faid lift: and in cafe of the death or legal incapacity of any of the faid fixteen peers, that the afore faid peers of Scotland Jhould nominate another ef their own number in place of the faid peer or peers, in manner as therein is mentioned; and it was thereby further enabled. That until the parliament of Great Britain Jhould make further provifion therein, the faii writs fo to be ijfuei, Jhould contain a warrant and command, to command the faii privy council to ijfue out a proclamation in her Majeftfs name, requiring the peers of Scotland for the time to meet ani ajfemble at fuch time ani place within Scotland, as her Majefly ani her royal fuccejfors Jhouli think fit, to make eletlion of the faii fixteen peers, and requiring the lord clerk regijler, or two of the cl erfs of fejfion, to attend all fuch meetings, and to aiminiftqr the oaths as-were or Jhould be by law required, and to ajk the votes, and having made up the lift in prefence of the meeting, to return the names of the fixteen peers chofen, certified under the fubfeription of the faid lord clerk regifter, clerk or clerks of fejfion attending, to the clerk of the privy council of Scotland, to the end that the names of the fixteen peers being fo returned to the privy council', might be returned to the court from whence the writ did ijfue, under the greaf feal of the united kingdom, conform to the faid twenty fecond article : b Ann, c. 6. and whereas by an abl of this prefent fejfion, intituled, An a<ft for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more entire and com-pleat, it is declared and enabled\ That from md after the firjl day of May, one thoufand /even hundred and eight, the privy council of Scotland Jball ceafe and determine, whereby it is become neceffary that fome further provifion Jhould be made for the elebling and returning the faii fixteen peers, that are to fit in the houfe of peers in the parliament of Great Britain, purfuant to the faid treaty, be it thcre-fore*en*<$ed by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That at all times hereafter when her Majefty,' her heirs and fucceflbrs, (hall declare her or their pleafurefor fummoning and holding any parliament of Great Britain, that in order tb Proclamation the electing and fummoning the fixteen peers of Scotland, a presto bc iflued tor carnation (ball be iffued under the great feal of Great Britain, elmoVscot commanding all the peers of Scotland to aflemble and meet at find to fit°in Edinburgh2 or in fuch other place in Scotland, and at fuch time as '	Qi*H

17°7*1	Anno fexto Ann^. c. 23.	377

lhall be appointed in the faid proclamation, to ele<St by open e- th arjiament ledtien the fixteen peers to fit and vote in the houfe of peers in of^rea*Bri-the parliament of Gnat Britain, in fuch manner as by the be- tain, fore* recited aft and herein after is appointed.

.II. And be it further enafted by the. authority aforefaid, Andpublifoed That every proclamation ifliied for the purpofc aforefaid, (hall at Edinburgh, be duly pubUfhcd at the market crofs at Edinburgh, and in all &c, 25 days the county towns of Scotland, five and twenty days at the leaft j^°re c cc" before the time thereby appointed for the meeting of the peers to proceed to fuch eleftion.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. All the peers That all the peers who meet on fuch proclamation, (liall, before prefenttotakc they proceed to the election, and in preiepce of the peers afiem- thc oatk,# bled for fuch eleftion, take the refpeftjve oaths, videlicet:

I A. B. do /merely promife and /wear, That I will be faithful»

and bear true allegiance to her majejly £>ueen Anne.	*th,‘

So help me GO2>/

I A. B. do /wear, That I do from my heart abhor, deteft,and ah-jure, as impious and heretical, that damnable doflrine and pcfition.

That princes excommunicated or deprived by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, may be depofed or murdered by their fubje&s, or fmy other whatfoever. And I do declare, That no foreign prince, per-fon, prelate, fate* or potentate, hath or ought to have any jartfdk-thn, power, fuperiority, pre-eminence or authority, ecclefiajlical or fp'rritual, within this realm,

'	. So help me G 0 D.

And (hall alfo make, repeat, and fabferibe the declaration following, videlicft;

I A. B. do folemnly and fincerely, in the prefence of God, profefs, And fubfcnbe teflify, and declare, That I do believe that in the facrament of the the declara-Lords /upper there is not any tranfubftantiation of the elements ^tion* bread and wine into the body and blood of Chrift, at or after the con-fecration thereof by any per fon whatfoever; and that the invocation or adoration of the virgin Mary, or any other, Saint, and the /artifice of the mafs, as they are now ufied in the church of Rome, are fuperftitious and idolatrous. And / do folemnly, in the prefence of God* profefs, teflify, and declare, That I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary fenfe of the words read unto me, as. they are commonly underjlood by Englifh proteftants, without any evafion, equivocation, or mental refervatjon whatfoever, and without any difpenfation already granted me for this purpofe by the pope, or any other authority or per fon, or without any hope of any fitch difpenfation from any per fon or authority whatfoever, or without thinking that I am or can be acquitted, before God or mdn, or abfoh-fd of this declaration, or any part thereof, although the pope or any

other

Digitized by L^ooQle

Anno fexto Ann.*. C, 23.	[1707,

other per fen or perfemsy or power whatfoever y Jhould dijpenfe with, or annul the fame, or declare that it was null and void from the beginning.

And alfo take and fubfcribq the oath following, videlicet:

ir T	tr^y	an^ fincerely ackuowledgty profefs, ttjlifyr and de-

* c^re in m? CMfclince} tyore God and the world% That our fove-oatb. * reign bdy Sateen Anne is lawful and rightful Queen of this realm% and of all other her Majejly s dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And I do folemnl) and fincerely declare, That I do believe in my confciencty the per/in pretended to be prince of Wales, during the fife of the late King James, and fence bis deceafe pretending to be, and taking upon himfelf the file and title of King'of England, by the name of James the Thirds or ef Scotland by {he name of Jame; the Eighthy or the feile and title of King of Great Britain, hath not 4qy right or title whatfoever to the crown of this realmy or any other the dominions thereunto belonging: and I do renounce, refitfe. qnd abjure any allegiance or obedience to him. ‘ And I do fweary That I will bear faith and true allegiance to her majejly Queen Anne, and her will defend to the utmo/l of my power againfe all traiterous confpira-des and attempts whatfoever which Jbati be made againfe her perfony crown* or dignity. And I will do my utmofe endeavour to difclofe anfe make known to her Majejly and her feucceffors all treafons and traiterous cortfpiracUsy which f Jhall know to be againfe her or any of themT And I do faithfully promifey to the utmofe of my power, tp Jupport. iGeo!tc 1 Mi91***** and defend the Jucctffeon of the crown againfe hint the faia *' * 3‘James, and all other per Jons whatfoever, as the fame is and feand{

1 W. u M. fettled by an ally intituledy An a& declaring jttye rights and liber-ft. a. c. a. tjeg	kbjedfc, and fettling the fucceflion of the crown to

her prefent Majefty, and the heirs of her body, being protef-ia 8c t3 W. 3. tints; and os tpe fame by one other ally intituledy An a& tor the c. ».	further limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights

and liberties of the fubjedt, is and Jlands fettled and entailed after the deceafe ef her Majejly, and for default of tffue of her Mcjejhfy to the princefs Sophia, eleftrefs and dutebejs dowager of Hanovef, and the heir{ of her bodyy being protefeants. And all tbefe things I do plainly and fincerely acknowledge and fweary according to tbefe f xprefs words by me fpoken. and according to the plain and common fenfe and undemanding of toe fame wordsy without any equivocation, mental evqfeony or fecret refervation whatfoever. And / 40 make thip rtcognition y acknowledgment, ahjurationy renunciation and promifey heartily, willingly, and truly, upon tbf true faith of a fhrifeian.	,

So help van GOD,

How peers IV. And that fuch peers that liye in Scqjtla#dy but (hall not living in Scot- be prefent at fuch meeting fo appointed, may take the (aid jand or refid- oaths, and make and fubferibe the (aid declaration in any mg in Eng- Sheriff’s coi^t in Scotlandy and every fheriff, of his deputy, ber fent at elec * fore whom fuch oaths, and fuch declaration (ball be to made, tion.may take fublcribed and repeated, (hall and is hereby required to return the oaths, &c.	the



379

*7°7*1	Anno	fexto AkwA. c.ij.

the original fubfcription of fuch Oath and declaration, figned by the peer who took the fame, and make a return in writing* under his hand and feal to the peers fo aflembled, of filch peers taking the faid oaths, and making and fubfcribmg the laid oath ’ and declaration, and filch peer (hall be thereby enabled and qualified to make a proxy, of to fend a figned lift, containing Anitbe there* the names of fixteen peers of Scotland, for whom he giveth his by qualified to vote ; and fuch of the peers of Scotland, as at the time of ifluing ms*ke a proxy, fuch proclamation, rcftdeih England, may take and fubfcribe &c the Taid oaths, and make, repeat, and fubfcribe the faid declaration in her Majefty’s high court of Chancery of England, her Majefty’s court of §>ueen*s Bench, Common Pleas, or court of Exchequer irt England, which being certified by writ to the peers in Scotland at their meeting, under the feal of the court Where fuch oath and declaration mail be made, repeated and fubfcribed, lhafll be fuflkient to entitle fuch peer to make his proxy, and to fend a figned lift, as aforefakl; and in cafe any of the faid peers of Scotland, who at any time before the muing of fuch proclamation, have taken the faid oaths, and made and fqb-icribed the faid declaration in England or Scotland, to be certified, as aforefaid, and if taken in parliament, to be certified under the great feal of Great Britain, (hall at the time of iffuing	3

fuch proclamation be abfent in the fervioe of her Majcfty, her heirs or fucceffors, inch peer may make his proxy, to fend a figned lift.

V.	Provided always, and be it enadtod by the authority a- How prpxwjri

forefaid, That fuch peers of Scotland as are alfo peers of England, ** ^gn'd. Audi fign their proxies and lifts by the title ot their peerage in	\

Scotland.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afortfaid, Puerto

That no peer (hall be capable of having more than two proxies	'

ut one time.	.	proxies

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Afterdfiftwai That at fuch meeting of the peers, they fhalt all give in the 1(^d clcrk rc: names of the peribns by them nominated to fit and vote in the {I the^am^ houfe of peers in the parliament of Great Britain, and the lord of the 16 peer* •clerk regifter, or two of the principal clerks of the feffion ap- eleffced. pointed by him to officiate in his name, (hati after <the'ele&idfc

is made and duly examined, certify the names of the fixteen peers fo eledted, and fign and atteft the fame in the prefenoe of the peers ; which certificate fo figned and srttefted (ball by the lord clerk regifter, or two of the principal derks of tbe femonS, be returned into her Majefty’s high court of Chancery of Great Britain, before the time appointed for the meeting of the parliament.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, How pern That the peers (hall come to fuch meetings wkh their ordinary ihall cornea** attendants only, according to and under the feveral penalties to inflj&ed by the feveral laws and ftatutes now in force in Scot- c ***** jqnd, which prefcribe and dir-eft with what numbers and attendants

Digitized by

4

Google

Anno	Sato Ann.®. c. tj.	Cx7°7-

there may repair to the publiek courts of

&

Cft*« Q£

Of tJ* 4CT OC

F5 Scxud

JWttCC.

Aid mr	UL And be it farther enaded by the authority afbrdaid,

^ Tear k ihall not be lawful for the peers fo aflembled and met tnprrhrr far the dediag fixteen peers to fit and vote in the houfe or peers in the parliament of Great Britain, to ad, propofe, dc-face, or treat of any other matter or thing whatfoever, except only the eiedioo of the laid fixteen peers ; and that every peer who (ball at fjch meeting prefume to propofe,1 debate, or treat of any ocher matter or thing contrary to the diredion of this wot, (hall incur the penalty of praemunire exprefled in the ftatute of the fixteentfc year of King Richard the Second.

X. And he it further declared by the authority afore Slid, That all and every matter and things for or concerning the cftecnon of fixteen peers of Sectlandy to fit and vote in the houfe of peers in the parliament of Great Britainy directed and appointed to be obferved and done by the articles of union, and the laid recited ad of parliament in Scotland\ intituled, Act fating the manner of eJetting the fixteen peers and forty five members to reprefint Scotland in the parliament of Great Britain, which ad, by an ad of parliament in England in the fifth year of her MajefiVs reign, intituled, An off for an union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland, was declared to ’be as valid as if the lame had been part of, and ingroffed in the articles of union, thereby ratified and approve^, (hall be obferved and performed, except only wherein this ad h&s further declared and provided.

XL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any of the fixteen peers fp chofen fhall die, or bc-ahthrv of peer come otbtrwifc legally difabled to fit in the houfe of peers of c*edtt** 1*°* the parliament of Great Britain; that her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflbrs (hall forthwith, after fuch death or dilability, iffue a proclamation under the great feal of Great Britainy for eled-ing another peer of Scotland to fit in the houfe of peers of the parliament of Great Britainy in the room of fuch peer dcceafed, or otherwife legally difabled; which proclamation (hall be pub-liihed at fuch time and places as is herein enaded, touching proclamations iffued upon fummoning a parliament of Great Britain i and the peers of Scotland being qualified as is hereby diredea, (hall proceed to elect a peer of Scotland to fit in the boufe of peers of the parliament of Great Britainy in the room of fuch peer dcceafed, or otherwife legally difabled, in fuch * manner, and under fuch reftri&ipns and regulations as are by this ad direded to be obferved, upon the eleding fixteen peers of Scotland to (it in the houfe of peers of the parliament of Great Britain.-

XII. And be k further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That for the more effedual trial of any peer of Great Britain that hath committed, or (hall commit any high treafon, petit treafbn, mifprifion of treafon, murder. Or other felonies in Scot-Utttdy commiflion or commiflions may iffue under the great fell

tf

; Am. c- S.

Exceprioa.

In cafe of death or dif-

clarosnon to lfr'ie foreied-fag another.

How petra

(hail be tried for treafon, murder, Sec. committed in Scotland.



,	Anno	fcxto	Ann^s.	c.aj.	381

of Great Britain, to be dirc&ed to fuch perfon and perfons as (bat) be therein named, conftituting them and fuch a number of them, as (hall be therein mentioned, juftices of the Queen, her heirs and fucceflors, to enquire by the oaths of good and lawful men of fuch county and counties of Scotland as mall be named therein, of all tredlons, mifprifions of treafon, murders, and other felonies committed in fuch couuty by a peer or peers of Great Britain, which inquifition (hall be taken and made in the fame manner as indi&ments found and taken before juftices of Oyer and Terminer of any county of England* ai>d (hall be of the fame efied, and pro-ceeded upon in the fame method as any inquifition found before juftices of Oyer and Terminer in England* whereby any peer is inclined for any fuch offence; and fuch juftices (hall iftbe mandates or precepts to the (heriffs of the refpedive.counties of Scotland* to return to them at fuch day and place as they (hall appoint, fuch and fo many good and lawful men of the fame county, as may be fufficient, to enquire of me offences aforefaid, and twelve or more of them fo returned, being fworrt, (hall be fufhcient to make fuch enquiry, and find any indidment \ and if the (herifif of fuch county (hall not fummon a fufficient number of men to make fuch inquifition, the juftices that do proceed upon fuch commiffion may impofe a fine upon fuch (heriff, which mall be levied by procefs out of the Exchequer; and if any of the perfons fummoned by the (herifif to enquire, as aforefaid, (hall not appear, the juftices may in like manner impofe a fine upon fuch perfons fo making default, to be levied in manner aforefaid.

* XIII. And be it further enadcd by the authority aforefaid, Perfoni re-That every perfon who (hall refufe to take the oath laft herein fu^g to take before recited, or being a quaker (hall refufe to declare the ef- kerwmJke" fed thereof upon his (oleum affirmation, as directed by an ad affirmation, of parliament made in the feventh year of the reign of his late&c. (incapable majefty King William* intituled. An aft that the folemn tion and declaration of the people called Quakers Jhould be accepted in- ^mKer°&c. Jlead of an oath in ufual form* (which oath or declaration the7&g\v.j. (herifif, prefident of the meeting, or chief officer taking the poll* c. 34. at any elcdion of members to ferve in the houfe of commons for any place in Great Britain* or commiffioners for choofing burgefles for any place in Scotland* at the requeft of any candidate or other perfon prefent at fuch eledion, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) (hall not be capable of giving any vote for the elcdion of any fuch member to ferve in the houfq of commons for any place in Great Britain* or commiffionec to chufe a burgels for any place in Scotland,

XIV.	Provided always, apd be it enaded by the authority a- Quaker* d*- , forefaid. That if any perfon being a quaker, (hall refufe to take thefaid oath, being tendred to him in.purfuance of an ad madetlon not this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An act for the better to penalties hyt fecurity of her Majeflys perfon and government, but (hall inftead 6	14.

thereof, declare the effed of the (aid oath, upon his fqlcam af-^ & 1	**

firmation, as direded by an ad of parliament made in the fe-c‘ venthyear of the reign of his late majefty King ifilliam tb#

.	6	Third,

Digitized by

Google



€ Ann. c. 14.

Anno fexto Annas. c. 24.	[1707.

Third, intituled, An aft that the folemn affirmation and declaration if the people called Quakers, /ball be accepted inftead of an oath a lifted form, which affirmation (hall be adminiftred to fuch qua-kere inftead of the faid oath, fuch quaker (hall not be liahle to any the penalties or forfeitures for refilling the faid oath when tendred to him, contained or mentioned in the faid a&, intituled, An act for the better feturily of her Majejlft perfon and government.

CAP. XXIV.

An all for (be further dire fling the payment of the equivalent

money.

I.\T/HEREAS by the treaty of union, and fifteenth artuk VV thereof it is agreed, That Scotland Jhall have an eqsd-3 Geo. 1. c.14 Solent for what the fubjefts thereof Jballbe charged towards payment of the debts ^England contraflea before the union, in all particulars 398,085!. 10 •. whatfoever ; and particularly, that the fum of three hundred ninety granted as an tight thoufand and eighty five pounds ten /billings, Jhould be granted ^otiandT*t0 t0^er	as	Qn	equivalent	to Scotland, for fitch parts of the

cufioms and exeije there, as Jhould be applicable to the payment of the faid debts of England, according to the proportions therein fit down; and in regard that after the union, Scotland becoming Habit to tbs fame cufioms and duties of excifes upon all excifiablt liquors as in England, as well on that account as upen the account of the emreafi of trade and people, the faid revenues will much improve beyond the values mentioned in the faid article, of which no efiimate could be made, it was agreed, That after the union there jhould be kept an account of the faid duties arifing in Scotland, to the end it might appear what ought to be anfwered to Scotland, as an equivalent for fitch proportion of the find cncreafi as Jhould be applicable to the payment of the debts of England; and for the further and more effectual anfwering the feveral ends therein after mentioned, it was a-greed, That from and after the union, the aforefaid whole enareafi of the revenues of cufioms and excifes in Scotland therein expreffed, Jhould go and he applied for the term of [even years to the ufes then* in fit down; and that upon the faid account there Jhould be anfwered to Scotland annually, from the end of fiven years after the union, an equivalent, in proportion to fuch part of the faid encreafe as JhaB be applicable to the faid debts of England; and generally that an equivalent Jhould be anfwered to Scotland for fuch parts of the debts of England as Scotland might thereafter become liable to pay, by reafon of the union, other than fuch as are in the faid article ex* Ufes to which prtjfed j and as for the ufes to which the faid fum of three hundred the faid fum ninety eight thoufand and eighty five pounds ten /hillings, and other 5hed ^vizP"	which are to be anfwered or allowed to Scotland, as afore-

Eofies by re-	are	t0	b*	applied, it was thereby agreed. That in the firfi place,

during the	the loJJ'es which private perfons might Jufiain by reducing the coin of

coin.	Scotland to the fiandard and vaht of the coin (^England, might

be made good; in the next place, That the capitalflock or fund of the African and Indian company of Scotland advanced, together with fye interejl of the faid capital flock after the rate of five pounds per

centum

Digitized by

1707.]	Anno	fexto	Annje. c. 24..	3$3

centum per annum, from the refpeftive timet of payment thereof Jbould be paid; and as to the overplus of the J'aid Jum of three bun- ^nd Indian0*11 drei ninety eight thoufand and eighty five pounds ten jbiUings, and company alfo the whole encreaje of the faid revenue of cufioms and excife, above the then values arifing during the term of jcven years, with the equi-Valent which Jbould become due upon improvement thereof and alfo all other fums, which, according to the aforefaid agreement, Jbould	,

become payable to Scotland by way of equivalent, it was agreed, That Overplu* mo-the fame Jbould be applied in manner following, viz. that all the n’5*.how publick debts of the kingdom of Scotland, as Jbould be adjufied by the pllcd* then parliament 0/* Scotland, Jbould be paid \ and that two thoufand pounds per annum, for the fpace of feven years, Jbould be applied towards encouraging the manufacture of coarfe woolly within thoft Jhires which produce the wooll; and afterwards the fame Jhould be wholly applied for encouraging the fijberies, and fitch other manufactures and improvements in Scotland, as may mojl conduce to the general good of the united kingdom : and whereas for preventing all miftakes or abufes which might hinder the ready application of the a-forefaid money to the proprietors and others concerned in the Jlock of the African and Indian company of Scotland, conform to the find article, there was an aft made tn the lafi fejfion of the lafi parliament of Scotland, intituled, Ad concerning the payment of the fums out of the equivalent to the African company, wherein it is, amongfi other things, enafted. That the directors of the faii African' and Indian company of Scotland, Jhould make up accounts of the fums advanced by the proprietors of the faid company, and debts due by the faid company, the whole, with interejl due thereon, not exceeding two hundred thirty two thoufand eight hundred and eighty four pounds five JbiUings, and two third parts of a penny fierling, on the firjl day of May then next, and now pafi, and appointed the proprietors for their refpeftive Jhares to be paid, and to have execution as therein alfo is extrejfcd; and in like manner by another aft of the faid parliament of Scotland, intituled. Ad concerning the publick debts, the payments to be made on account of the publick debts of Scotland, are adjufied as in the faid fifteenth article, and two afts above-mentioned, is more amply contained: and whereas the faid fum of three hundred ninety eight thoufand and eighty five pounds ten JSil-lings, has been paid for and on the part of England, to the commif-fioners of the equivalent in Scotland, purfuant to the aforefaid articles, and confederable fums have by them been iffued out, conform to the fame, and the above recited afts of the parliament of Scotland ; but by experience it has been found, that fame further direction is yet necejfary for the better application of what remains of the faid fum yet unapplied, and all other fums which are or may become due by virtue of the agreements aforefaid, and for the more ejfeftual attaining the ends mentioned in the faid article of the treaty and afts above rented ; therefore her Majejlys mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajjembled, do humbly befeecb her Majefly, that it may be enafted; and be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lord* Ipirittial and temporal, and commons in

this



3*4

moftbe cu-toms, excite. See. to make two abbrevi-art of tbe produce of tbofe rcvenues. See.

From the

union to tbe 15 March, 170S.

Lord treafurer on receipt of fod> abbreviate to order Immediate payment, Sco.

In what manner 7*11. Ss. and five fixtbs of a penny (hall be dif-pofed of.

Anno facto Ahmje. c. 24.	£1707.

this prefrnt parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame. That the commiflioners, managers, coueAors, or other proper officers of the cuftoms and excife upon all excifeable liquors, and of all other duties and revenues from whence an equivalent may arife to Scotland? according to the agreements contained in the aforefaid treaty, (hall on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thou (and (even hundred and eight, make and nib* (cribe two authentick abbreviats of the produce of fuch revenues, with the amount of the feveral Turns which (hall be due by way of equivalent, according to the faid agreements, from the commencement oif the union, to the five and twentieth day of Manh, one thouland feven hundred and eight, for the fim time, and (b from thence forward half-yearly within three months after expiring of each half year, and (hsdl tranfmit one of the laid abbreviats to the lord high treafurer of Great Britain,, or the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, and the Other to the commiflioners of equivalent in Scotland for the rime being.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the lord high treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury aforefaid, upon the receipt of fuch abbreviats, (hall and may grant his or their warrants or orders for the immediate payment of fuch Turns as (hall be fo found due to the commiflioners of the equivalent for the time being, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint from time to time to receive the fame, for the purpofes in this a<5t exprefled.

III.	And whereas by the faid fifteenth and fixteenth afts of the laft feflion of the laft parliament of Scotland, the fum of two hundred thirty two thoufand eight hundred and tfighty four pounds five millings, and two third parts of a penny, is designed and appropriated for payment of the Turns due to the African and Indian company lot Scotland out of the equivalent, according to the accounts ordered to be made by the directors of the faid company : and alfo whereas the accounts given in by them do fall (hort of the aforefaid fum of two hundred thirty two thoufand eight hundred and eighty four pounds, five millings and two third parts of a penny, in the fum of feven hundred and twenty one pounds, eight (hillings, and five fix parts of a penny fterling, whereby the fame falls now to be dif-pofable for other ufes: and whereas the faid dire<ftors of the Indian and African company have been put to very confiderable charges in making up the faid accounts, and in employing clerks, and others neceflary for that fervice, which expences do ftr exceed the three hundred pounds allowed them by the aforefaid fifteenth a£t; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That out of the aforefaid fum of feven hundred twenty one pounds, eight (hillings, and five fix parts of a penny fter-ling, there be paid by the aforefaid commiflioners of the equivalent to the faid directors or their order, the fum of five hundred pounds fterling; and as to the remainder of the aforefaid fum of feven hundred twenty one pounds, eight (hillings, and



3*5’

17°7*]	Aitno	fexwr	Anna. c. 24.

five fix parts of a penny fterimg, That out of the fante'thd filth of one hundred and fifty pounds fliall be paid by the faid com-miffi oners of the equivalent to Mr. Alexander Cunningham, in fa-tisfaCtion to him of the like fum advanced and paid out by him while he was employed by his late majefty King IVilliam, of glorious memory, for negotiating certain publick affairs concerning Scotland; and that the remainder of the faid fum of fc~ ven hundred twenty one pounds eight (hillings, and five fix parts of a penny fterling, (nail be applied to the fame ufes, and in the manner contained in the faid fixteenth aCt.

IV.	And whereas by the faid fifteenth article of union, pro-vifion is made for payment of two thoufand pounds yearly, for the fpace of feven years, to be employed towards the encourag-ihg the manufacture of coarfe wool within thofe (hires which produce the fame : and whereas there having been no direction given, neither by the faid treaty of union, nor by any fubfe-quent a<£t or order of parliament in Scotland, to whom the fame is to be paid, the commifiioners of equivalent have hitherto made no payment of any part of the faid fum fo appropriated; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the Tadget of the judges of the court of Exchequer in Scotland for the time being, Exchequer to (hall have full power and authority, and are hereby fully im- diftribute powered and authorized, upon fuch information or advice as to them (hall feem moft expedient, to make fuch diftribution of ing tbe manu-the faid money yearly, during the (pace aforefaid, amongft fafture of thofe (hires that produce the faid coarfe wool, in fuch diftri&s coarfe wool* or divifions as they (hall think fit, and in fuch proportion as to them ihall feem moft equitable, with power likewile to them to name and appoint certain perfons, one or more for each diftri<ft or divifion, to receive fuch part of the faid two thoufand pounds

irearly, as (hall have been by them allowed and appropriated to iich diftriCt or divifion, whofe receipt or difcharge (hall be fuf-ficient warrant for the commifiioners of equivalent to pay the fame, with further power likewife to the faid judges of the court of Exchequer to eftablilh fuch rules and orders for difpofing of the money fo received, in fuch manner as they (hall think will bed anfwer the ends and defign for which the fame it.granted by the faid treaty of union, and to appoint perfons in every diftriCt or divifion to overfee and direct the difpofal of the faid monies, and to be accountable to them for fuch their admini-ftration.

V.	And whereas by the aforefaid fixteenth aCt of the la(^ fef- And makeup fion of the laft parliament of Scotland, intituled. An aH concern- the accounts ing publick debts9 the lords of her Majefty *s treafury in Scotland the debts of were appointed betwixt this and the firll day of May then next, Scotland‘ to draw up an account of the faid debts due to the civil lift and army, to be given in to the commifiioners of the equivalent, and to give certificates to the refpeCtive parties having right to any of the faid debts, that by virtue of thofe certificates the parties maybe empowered to ufe diligence, and to recover their monies in manner therein directed ; and whereas byrea-V©l. XI*	Cc	Ion

Digitized

zed by CjOO^Ic

. before the

d _e» at mburgh.

3$$	Anno	fexto	Anna. c. 24.	[1707*

fon of the great variety and importance of thofe accounts, and the remiflhefs of the parties having intereft, it has fallen out. That no full or diftind account has yet been made, purfuant to the faid ad, and conform to the orders and dafies therein men* tioncd; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the judges of the court of Exchequer in Scotland for the time being, (hall and are hereby impowered to make up lifts accord* ing to the faid fixteenth ad, and for that end to call for all books, accounts, or other records or writings neceflary for thefe purpofes, and all havers of fuch writs are ordained to ex* hibit the lame; and in cafe of refufal, the (aid judges are hereby impowered to ufe fuch form of execution or diftrefs, as to them (hall feem expedient.

Pjjkn.f VI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, . thefaid debt*, That the faid judges (hall by publick proclamation at the mar-to compear * ket-crofs of Edinburgh, or by any other form of publick proclamation the faid judges (half think fit, intimate to all panics within or without the kingdom, having intereft in any of the publick debts of Scotland before the union, and having right by the (aid ad of parliament to daim, to compear by themfelves, or their lawful procurators or attorneys before the faid judges at Edinburgh^ in the ordinary place where the faid court of Ex* chequer meets, at or before any day to be bv them therein appointed, not (hotter than fix months from the date of the publick proclamation at the markct-crofc of Edinburgh and there to exhibit their daims and inftrudions, declaring. That the accounts hereby and by the afore recited ad of parliament of Scotland appointed to be made, (hall be made up only of fuch daims as mall be prefented to them within the (aid time, and the commiffioners of the equivalent impowered to pay thefe only who (hall be contained in the faid general account.

Judge* to pro- VII. And to the end that the aforefaid accounts may be the ddav^n^mak-more fulty and regularly made up, and in fuch expeditious ing up tbe ac- manner as may be moft ufcful to all parties concerned, be it count*. alfo further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid judges (hall proceed without lofs of time or delay whatfoever, to the making up of the aforefaid accounts, according to the Copy to be de-claims and inftrudions duly prefented and verified: and the hvered to the fey ggne^j accounts being fo made up, an authentick copy of Stheequiva- *he fame fubferibed by the faid judges of the Exchequer, (nail be delivered to the commilfioners of the equivalent, or their fecretary or clerk, and certificates (hall be grantdl to each of the feveral parties gratis of fuch article of the faid general account as does concern them: which certificate (hall be (igned in manner aforefaid, and (hall contain the name of the party to whom the debt was originally due, the fum payable, with the lift civil or military upon whicn the fame is charged, and the dais and order of preference of fuch debt, according to the faid fixteenth ad, and (hall be aflignable and transferable by indorfement.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fuch perfons as (hall happen to omit to compear and make

good

And exhibit their claim*.

lent.

Perfons omitting to make

Digitized by v^.ooQle

*7° 7-3	Anno (exto Anna.	387

good their faki claims before the faid judges of the Exchequer, good their , within the time to be by them appointed in manner above di- Lefitrf tested, and (hall thereby lofe the benefit of being placed and ^g place<j fitted upon the (aid general account, according to which only upon the ge-the commiflioners of equivalent are by this aft impowered to neral account, make payment as is above more at large exprefled, (hall nevertheless be allowed to compear by themfelves, or others by them lawfully impowered for that end, before the faid judges of the Exchequer on any lawful day within one year after elapfing of the faid firft day, to be by them appointed, and there to exhibit and make good before them their refpe&ivc claims; which But m claims fo made good, (hall be by the hid judges of Exchequer their admitted and formed into one wcond general account without claim* within diftin&ion or order of preference whatfbever, to be by them a year after, figned and delivered to the commiflioners of equivalent, as alfo &c‘

(hall grant certificates transferable by indorsement; and in the fame manner and form as thefe upon the firft general accounts are hereby directed, payable by the commiflioners of equivalent next and immediately after the whole debts due upon the firft two general accounts.

IX.	Declaring always, and it is hereby ena&ed and declared, 0r j. ^ That fiich perfons as fliall negled to compear and make good ter ^ exclud-* their claims, as is above appointed, before elapfing of this fe- ed.

cond term hereby granted, (hall for ever after be excluded and debarred from all right, claim or pretention they may have for payment to be made to them of fuch their debts out of this or any other equivalent arifing to Scotland by virtue of the treaty of union.

X.	And whereas certificates may have been granted by the Certificates lords of treafury to fundry perfons, which have not yet been from treasury presented or paid, and which might occafion confufion if fuch pI7r precepts fhould yet remain in force, be it therefore enabled byteRted’

the authority aforefaid, That all fuch certificates fhall ceafe and become voia.

XI.	And for the better direction for the commiflioners of the j„ wj,at

equivalent in payment and application of the monies of the e- ner the com-quivalent, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the miflioner* of commiflioners of the equivalent fhall be liable in the manner	alent

preferibed in the aforefaid Sixteenth ad of the laft fefCon of the

nft parliament of- Scotland,to the feveral parties having intereft,w and in all cafes where the faid commiflioners fhall not have fuf-fident fums of motley in their hands for anfwering the whole fum due to any particular order or dafs, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That upon prefenting of any certificate made and figned in manner above direded, and agreeing with the faid general accounts, the fed commiflioners (hall make payment to the parties having right refpedively and proportionally, as the fums due to the faid parties have proportion to the whole fum due to the fame dafs, and (hall retire the principal certificate, with a receipt on the back thereof, for fuch. fum as fhall be then paid, and fhall give forth to the faid

C c 2	*	parties



Anno ferfto ANNA. C. 24.	[*	707-

parties refpeftively transferrable debentures, containing the fum remaining due, with the lift either civil or military, upon which it is due, and the order of preference; which debenture (hall have the fame force and authority for the fum therein contained as the principal certificate above-mentioned; and upon each partial payment the former debentures being retired with a receipt of the fum then paid, new debentures (hall be granted of the fame nature and force as the former, until the whole be paid and difcharged.

XII.	And whereas it appears. That after the payment and difpofal of the above-mentioned whole fum of three hundred and ninety eight thoufand eighty five pounds, ten (hillings, there will (till remain very confiderable (urns of publick debts to be paid and fatisfied out of the other Turns which according to the agreements contained in the treaty of union, will become pay-Commiffioners a^c t0 ^co^an^ by way of equivalent; be it enaded by the au-impowered to thority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the com-receive certifi- miffioners of equivalent, and they are hereby direded and im-fatC^°r pub' P°wcrcc* from time to time to call for and receive all and every lick debts. certificates for fuch publick debts to be figned by the judges of the court of Exchequer in Scotland^ by virtue of this ad, from the perfons having right thereto; and where there (hall not be fufficient monies of the faid fum of three hundred and ninety eight thoufand eighty five pounds ten (hillings, remaining in their hands for payment of the Turns therein contained. That then upon the perfon or perfons having right to the faid Turns contained in the faid certificates, granting his or their receipt or difcharge upon the back thereof, and delivering the fame to the commimoners of equivalent for their warrant, they (hall grant to fuch perfon or perfons one or more debentures for the fums contained in the faid certificate fo difcharged,* or for fuch part Attd grant de- thereof as (hall then remain unpaid, in fuch form and manner thcfoms con- as *^<7 Aral! judge m°ft proper: which debentures (hall be affign-tained therein, *b\e and transferrable by indorfement, and bear intereft after the See. which * rate of five pounds per cent. per annum, from the twenty fourth (hall be aflign- day of June one thoufand (even hundred and eight, and pay-1 er cent^ a^‘e ou* t*ie ^ and readied of the faid other fums arifing fntereft. * by way of equivalent only, preferable to all principal fums; and that half yearly, that is to fay. Upon the twenty fifth day of December, and the twenty fourth day of June annually, until the faid whole intereft and arrears thereof, together with the principal fums of fuch debentures (hall come to be paid off, and difcharged, in the rank and order of preference by this a&, and the faid fixteenth act of the lad feflion of the laft parliament in Scotland directed.

On notice of XIII. Providing always, and be jt hereby provided, That payment, in., when publick intimation (hall be made by the commiflioners of tereftto ceafe. equivalent (in fuch manner as to them (hall feem molt expedient) for all perfons having intereft to come in and,receive the fums due to them upon all or any of the aforefaid debentures, or any proportion thereof, according to the rules aforefaid, at

or

1707.]	Anno	fexto Ann<£. c. 24.	389

or before any day in fuch publick intimation to be exprefled, the obligation for payment of the faid intereft upon any fuch fums, or proportion of fums, (hall from that day forth ceafe and become void.

XIV.	And whereas, the cafe of the arrears of penfions due Commiffion-to the late bifhops in Scotland, and to the poor upon her Maje- ers to pay a fly’s charity there, are of themfelves pious caufes and of prefling years penfion neceflity, and their conditions were reprefented to the commit ^othse l^dbtlJ fioners of the equivalent of Scotland, to the end that the fame thePpoor in ° might be laid before the parliament of Great Britain for relief ; Queen's cha-bo it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That out of nty roll, the firft and readied of the money remaining in the hands of

the commiflioners of the equivalent, appointed for payment of the debts upon the civil lift, there (hall be paid by them a full year’s penfion of her Majefty’s charity to the late bilhops and their reprefentatives, and the poor in her Majefty’s charity-roll, in part of payment of what is due to them, preceding the firft of May one thoufand feven hundred and feven.

XV.	And whereas the commiflioners of equivalent have al- Commiflion-ready advanced, and will in the further progrefs of their ma- *rs nagement, be under a neceflity to lay out money for defraying founts oioh the neceflary charges that attend their truft, and for defending per ann. for * in precedes before the judge ordinary, when the titles of parties neceflary are not clear, and have employed feveral fervants, on whom charges, &c. they have fettled fees and falaries, although there has been hitherto no provifions made for fuch expence ; be it therefore enabled, That allowance be given for fuch fums as have been, or

(hall neceflarily be by them laid out for thefe purpofes, as alfo that tHcy have power to pay the neceflary fees and falaries, not exceeding the lum of nine hundred and twenty pounds in the year; which fums allowed for expences and fees (hall be a charge upon, and payable out of the firft and readied of the money which is or (hall be in the hands of the faid commiflioners from time to time, and (hall be allowed to the faid commiflioners in their accounts for the faid fums.

XVI.	And in regard the fuppHes granted by the laft parlia- judges to date xnent in Scotland9 for the publick fervice of that part of Great the deficiency Britain, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and feven, of the fupplies appear to have fallen (hort of the a&ual expence which (hould ycar have been provided for/by that parliament; be it enadted by17 '*

the authority aforefaid, That the faid judges of the court of Exchequer in Scotland for the time being, (hall and are hereby diredted to ftate and take an account of the faid deficiencies, to the end the fame may be fatisfied in fuch manner as the parliament of Great Britain (hall hereafter think fit.

XVII.	And whereas the commiflioners of equivalent have been at confiderable pains and charges in attending the diftribu-tion of the equivalent-money, and are made liable in their per-fons and eftates to the parties having intereft, and to account to the parliament of Great Britain for their adminiftration: and whereas there has been no exprefs provifion made for an

C c 3	allowance



<*tw jeoL

Feraaa*

39°	Annofcxto	Amtft.	c.14.	[1707*

allowance to them, in confiderarion of their bid great pains and expence; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That each commiflioner of the equivalent named or to be named, and accepting and a&ing, (hall have allowance of the Aim of three hundred pounds yearly during his continuance in the adminiftration thereof, which (hall be due and payable oof of all the Turns of money that have or (hall become due to Scotland, by way of equivalent, other than the aforefaid fum of three hundred and ninety eight tboufand eighty five pounds, ten (hillings, and (hall be allowed in any accounts to be made for die fame, after payment of the intereft upon the debentures appointed to be made in manner by this ad direded; any thing m this ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVHL And whereas it being juft and i^aibnabTe that the coomiffioners of equivalent fhould be only liable few* what is done during tb? time of their having continued in truft ; and due the adions, executions and diftrelfes provided to have effed and pafs againft the (aid commifiioners, by virtue of the afore-bid fifteenth and fixteenth ads pafied in the parliament of Scot-kmiy (borid not remain as a perpetual incumbrance upon their peridns and eftates; be it therefore enaded by the authority a-tortfid, That no adian, execution or diftrefs, (hall be competent againft any who have been or (hall be named, and has accepted or (hail accept to be cotnmiffioners of equivalent, for any ocher fad or deed of the bid commiffioners in the matter of their truft, other dun fuch fads or deeds as have fallen out, and have beat done during the time of the (aid conuniffioner or tommiffioners, his or their continuing in the bid truft.

XIX. And be it further enaded by die authority aforefaid. That all adion, diftrefs or execution againft the bid commif* fioners, or any of them, on account of miftakes in payment, (hall determine and be preferibed within the fpace of two years after the date of the payment that (hall happen to be controverted ; and that any adion commenced within that fpace, (hall be profecuted and finally determined within the fpace of three yean after the commencement thereof; any law, ftatute or ubge to the contrary notwithftanding: referring neverthekfs to the parties having intereft, adion againft all who have by any fuch , error received money to which they have no right.

No omifton of XX. And whereas it appears that the accounts of the flock direftors of advanced, and debts due by the African and Indian company in Scotland, have been made up without regard to the claim of dic/tbenglt* William PaUrfm efquire, for his expences, pains and lofles, on to WiliiamP*- account, and at the inftance of the bid company; be it enaded by the authority aforebid, That no omiffion or negled of the diredors of the faid company, or of others concerned in flaring, adjufting or certifying the claims or demands upon the equivalent, (hail prejudice the right, interefl, claim or demand ot the bid William Paterfon, in and upon the bid company, but that the feveral Turns due to him by the bid company, fhxli

be

*r*r?*t IX T

How and when actions (hall commence and determine, &c.

terf^n.



*7°7-l	Anno fexto Annas. c. 25.	I91

be certified and thereupon fully fatisfied and paid in the terms of the treaty of union, as the fartie (hall be proved before the aforefaid judges of the court of Exchequer in

XXI.	And in regard that fince the making of the firft con- judges to re-traits and agreements the faid William hath been at preient his lot-farther expences, and fuftained other lodes and damages for fe* and fervices and on account of the faid company; be it therefore furthert0 *** Of*1* enalled. That the faid judges of the court of Exchequer in

Statland (hall and are hereby required to take an account of thofe his expences and lodes, and likewife of his good fervices and publick taxes, and make a full and fair representation thereof to her Majefiy.

XXII.	And to the end that the more full and free enquiries Judges may

may be made, and information had of the premides, the faid direa com-' judges of the court of Exchequer in Stotlond* lhall and may, ™finto from time to time, direct their com midion or commilCpns to Great Britain, any cotnmidioner or commidioners within this kingdom of&c.	*

Great Britain, or dominions and territories thereunto belonging, for taking the requifite examinations or informations to

the purpofes aforefaid, and for reporting the fame to the laid

judges of the court of Exchequer in	S

XXIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, N _	.

That no clerk, fecretary, accountant, or other officer or for- ofExcheeuer* vant whatfoever, belonging to the faid court of Exchequer in to receive any Scotland, or the comsnmion of equivalent, (hall receive any fee fee, &c. in or reward whatfoever for his or their pains, attendance or fer- making up of vice in making up. Hating, adjufting, or determining the claims cUuns* “c‘ or debts belonging to any perfon or perfons which by this ad

are appointed to be made, ftated or adjufted, nor for granting certificates, or obtaining payment or latisfaltion for the fums therein contained, or intereft thereof, upon pretext of bills, petitions, difchaiges, or any other pretext whatfoever, under the pains of forfeiting their faid offices, as alfo the third part of On penalty, the fum contained, or to be contained in fuch certificate, upon occafion whereof the bid exaction is made, to be recovered to the perfon from whom fuch money lhall be unduly exa&ed, or to the informer before the judge competent fummarily, without abiding the cowrie of the roll.

CAP. XXV.

An »St to enable her Majefiy to make leafc* and copies of offices, lands, EXP.

and hereditaments, parcel of her dmchy of Cornwall, or annexed to . the fame.

All leafes made by copy of court roll, or within feven years next enfuing according to cuftom of manor,	See. to be good in tew. No leafe to be

for more than three lives, or jt years. All covenants. See. in leafe, hc.good. 8alvt> of right to ail perfons, &c. except the Queen, &c. On payment of compofition-money for taking off increafed rent, fuch in* sealed rent to ceafe.

C c 4	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno facto Ann.®, c. 26. CAP. XXVI.

[1707.

An act for fettling and eftabli/hing a court of Exchequer in the north part of Great Britain called Scotland.

A	t	TTTHEREAS	in	and by the nineteenth article in a late alt of

f . . y y parliament made in the fifth year of her now Mojefy's reign? intituled, An a61 for an union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland, it is amongf other things provided, That there Jhould be a court ^Exchequer in Scotland after the faid union, for deciding quejlions concerning the revenues of cufloms and excife there, having the fame power and authority in fuch cafes, as the court of Exchequer has in England, and that the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, have power of pafftng fignatures, gifts, tutories, and other things, as the court of Exchequer in Scotland then bad, and that the court of Exchequer that then was in Scotland, Jhould remain until a new court of Exchequer be fettled by the parliament of Great Britain in Scotland after the union, which union took effeft upon the firft day of May, in the fixth sear of her now Majejlfs reign, one thoufiand feven hundred and f even, and thereby the Jaid two kingdoms of England and Scotland became united into one king-dom, by the name of Great Britain; to the intent therefore that there may be a court of Exchequer fettled and eftablilhed in Scotland, purfuant to the purport and meaning of the faid recited a6t, and of the nineteenth article therein contained; be it en-a6fed by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirirual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-From firft rity of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May, one court lit** t*lou^an^ kven hundred and eight, a court of Exchequer, to be chequer to’be ca'led and known by the name of The court of Exchequer in ereded in Scotland, (hall be, and by authority of this a6t is hereby ere6t-Scetland. cd, conftituted, and eftabliftied in and for that part of Great

Britain called Scotland, and that the faid court of Exchequer (hall be and is hereby enadted to be a court of record, revenue, and judicature, for and within Scotland, and to have continuance for fever, and to be held within the city of Edinburgh, at fuch place or places where the former Exchequer of Scotland before the faid union was ufually held, or at fuch other [dace or places in Scotland, as by authority from the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucT ceflors, and in default thereof, by the judges of the faid court pf Exchequer for the time being, (hall frorfi time to time be dlr re6ted, limited or appointed,	^

cord for ever, fiich other perfon and perfons as by commiffions froth thcQueen’s lord treafurer, maiefty, her heirs and fucceffors, under jhe feal tfhich by the *ther*a« ^*0 artic^cs °f union is appointed to be kept in Scotland> firon^ Queen (ball tiip? to foall ordained, conftituted, or appointed to be appoint to be the chief baron, and other barons of laid court of Exchequer

ftyef baron

Digitized by

Google

*7°7-l	Anno fcxto Annjb. c. iG,	393

in Scotland) (hall be the judges of and in the faid courts and the aod barons of laid lord high treafurer and barons, ind the faid barons in the thcExcbe-abfence of the faid lord high treafurer, (hall have and put in ex- Q* ^ ecution all and every the judicial and other powers and authori- faid court, ties of or belonging, or which (hall or may appertain or belong And continue to the faid court, or wherewith the faid court (hall be inverted,in thc"; and the faid barons (hall remain, and have continuance in their refpedtive offices and places quam diu fe bene gejferint; which ba- 7 Ocq.%. c.16. Tons of the Exchequer are to be made of fuch as have been, are f. 4. or (hall be ferjeants at law, or barrifters of law of five years Handing in fomeof the four inns of court in England orelfeof fuch perfons as (hail have been, ar? or (hall be advocates in the college of iuftice in Scotland for five years s and the faid barons And take tfcc of the Exchequer in Scotland (hall refpe&ively take the fame oaths fame 0f of office, mutatis mutandis, and other oaths, as the barons of the office as the court of Exchequer in England have ufed, or ought to take, up*- barons in on their admiffions into their refpeetive offices, the faid oaths to EngIaad* be taken for the firft time before the court of feffion in open court, in cafe the faid court be fitting, or otherwife, in cafe the ibid court be not then fitting; before any three of the lords of feffion, and at all times hereafter before the faid court of Ex-chequer $ and the faid chief baron and barons (hall ufe and wear And wear fuch iuch robes and habits as the chief baron and barons of the court robes, &c. of Exchequer in England do ufe ar>d wear, or fuch other robes or habits as her Majerty, her heirs or fucceflbrs, (hall appoint*

III. And it is further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That <dhccg there (hall be in the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, the fe- courtf Veral offices following that is to fay. The office of Queen’s remembrancer, the office of lord treafurer’s remembrancer, the office of clerk of the pipe, and fuch other offices now in being in the court of Exchequer in England, or are now in being in Scotland, relating to fignatures, gifa. and tutories, as the Queen’s majerty, her heirs ana fucceflbrsi yph ill from time to time think ' fit and proper, to be conftituted and appointed under the feal which by the faid articles of union is appointed to be kept in Scotland; and that fuch perfons (hall be the marters or chief officers of and in the faid refpedtive offices, and for fuch term, eftate, and intereft therein, as the Queen’s majerty, her heirs and fuc-ceflors, (hall from time to time by letters patents under the feal a-forefaid, ordain or appoint, and that the faid marters or chief officers of the aforefaid feveral offices rtiall have and appoint from time to time under them, and in their refpe&ive offices, fuch and (b many attomies and clerks as (hall be fit and proper for the bu-finefs in their refpe&ive offices; which faid .marters and chief officers, as alfo the (aid attornies and clerks, (hall, before their admiffions into their offices or places refpedively, take fuch oath or oaths in the faid court, or before the chief baron, or one of the barons of the (aid court, for their faithful and honeft carriage and behaviour in their faid offices refpe&ively, as the like officers, attornies and clerks in the court of Exchequer in England have

yfed



Anno Sexto Asma. c.2&	£1707;

wicd ad oo^t to do, or as by the barons af the fad coart of Errhequer m Satkmi (hall for that purpofe be deviled and ap-

^ IV. Provided nerothtkfe, That the fadfcveral chief officers in the rdpoffive offices aforvfad, as aUo the faid attornies, clerks, other officers of or belonging to the laid court if Exchequer in Scotland far the tune being, Audi all of them be ibbjeft and obedient to the faid court of Exchequer, and may be fufpended, pooifhed, or amoved by the hid court for negle& of duty, or far crimes and waitiaoesman m their refpeftive offices and places, or other juft caufes.

QP*» to if- V. And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid. That a H for there <haD be a feal to be affigned or appointed by the Queen’s umstm ssjefty, her heirs and facce&rs, for the toting all fach letters patents, grants, commiffions, writs, precepts, and other pro-cds and proceedings, which fhaH ifiue out of or be awarded by the fad court of Exchequer in Scotland, or ought or (ball be di-Chaef baroa to reded to pah under the fad of the hid court; which feal (hall keep the haw. be kept in the cuftody of the chief baron of the hid court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the time being; and the hid chief baron or fach perfon or perfans as he (hall depute, and far whom he will be anfwerable, (hall therewith feal all letters patents, grants, commiffioos, writs, precepts, and othey proceh and proceed* ingsbefore-mentioned, which (hall be brought to be faded ; and for that porpofe fliall attend at proper and convenient times and places to be directed by the hid court of Exchequer in Scotland, or any of the barons thereof (in cafe any queffion toll untit touching the hme;) and the laid court of Exchequer m Scotland is hereby impowered from time to time to depute and appoint fo^orfmice^ foch other officers, miniAers, clerks, fervants, and attend-of the court, ants for the conftituting of which there is no other provifion made by this ad, as (hall be thought convenient for the nfeand fervice of the faid court, and far the carrying on and difpatch of the bufineh therein, fubjed and liable nevtithelds to be fiat* Who (hall take	pnniflied, and amoved, and to the taking of fach oaths,

the oaths, &c! tnutath mutandis, for the faithful execution of their refpeffite * offices, places, and employments, as herein before is provided for any the officers, attomies or clerks in the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland and all and every the fberiffc, by themfefae* or their fufficient deputies for whom they am to be anfwerable, and other officers, minifters, and fubjeds in Scotland, are hereby enjoined and required to be from thne to time siding, afliffing, obedient to, and attendant upon the fad court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the judges and jurifdidion thereof, in all things relating to the fad court of Exchequer, which do, may, or ftdl any ways touch or concern their refpe&ive offices or duties in any manner of wife, and (hall be liable and fubjed tofuch penalties and puni foments for negled of their duties, or for any contempts or ffifobedience to the faid court, or theprocefs thereof, or far any other neglcfl, contempt, or offence, as fliall be 6	fet

Court may

confthute other officer*,

All (heriffs, 8cc. to be attendant.



*7°7* 3	Anno fatto Ann a. c.i6.	395

fet or impofed upon them refpeftively by the faid court of Ex-ehtqutr,

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Itsjurifdidion That all and every the revenues and duties of cuftoms and ex- and authority* cife, and all and every other the revenues, debts, duties, and profits of what nature or kind foever, any ways appertaining, or which hereafter (hall appertain to the Queen's majefty, her heirs or fucceffors within Scotland, either as Queen of Great Britain, or as prince and fteward of Scotland, and all honors, caftles, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in Scotland, which now do, or hereafter (hall appertain to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, by force or virtue of any attainder, outlawry, leisure for any crime or caufe of forfeiture, debt, or duty, or upon any extent, commiflion, or otherwife, or by force and virtue of the royal prerogative, or by any other right or title whatsoever, and all and every the rents, iflues, and profits thereof, or of any of them, and alio all and every the goods, chattels, debts, credits, rights, titles, and perfonal eftate within Scotland^ any ways accruing or belonging, or which hereafter (hall belong to the Queen's majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, by force or virtue of the royal prerogative, or of any attainder, outlawry, extent, inquifition, debt, duty, or forfeiture, or by any other right, tide, ways, or means whatfoever, and all the remedies and means for the recovering the lame, or the pofleflion thereof, and all accounts reladng thereto, and ahb all and every forfeitures and penalties which have been incurred, or (hall or may incur or become any ways due and payable in Scotland, by force or virtue of any law or ftatute touching or relating to the cuftoms dr excifc, or by force or virtue of any penal or other laws or ftatutes whatfoever, and alfo all fines, iflues, forfeitures, or penalties, of what nature or kind foever happening, arifing, or accruing to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceflors within Scotland, and all informations, actions, fuits, or demands, and alfo all obligations, recognizances, fpecialties, and other fecu-rities, touching or concerning the before-mentioned matters and things, and all profecutions, remedies, and accounts, for or concerning the fame or other the premifles, (hall be within the jp-rifdift ion and authority of the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, and hereby are annexed to the (aid court; and the barons of the Power vefted laid court for the time being (hall have and exercife, and by vir- m the baron* tue of this aft are and (hall be invefted with all powers, authorities, and jurifdiftions as well judicial as otherwife, for the hearing and determining of all aftions, fuits, and queftions in law or equity, touching the aforefaid revenues, honors, caftles, manors, lands, tenements, goods, chattels, debts, duties, forfeitures, penalties, profits, and all other matters or things herein before-mentiOned, and annexed to the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland* of the jurifdiftion thereof 5 and that the faid court of Exchequer hi Scotland, (hall and may aft, do, and proceed therein and thereupon in every refpeft whatfoever, as by law, or as the court of Exchequer in England, by the conftitution,

courfe.

Digitized by

396

Anno fexto Annje. c. 26.

liyoj.

courfe, or practice of or in the faid court, hath been or is enabled, or hath ufed or pra&ifed to do in the like cafes in England* and upon and in all fuch. informations, altions, fuits, or demands, or touching or concerning any the premifles, or any the proceedings thereupon, (hall and may make all fuch orders and rules, ana direct, award, and iffue all fuch writs, precepts, pro-cefs, and methods of proceedings, as hath or have been, is, are* or may be done or praltifed in the fame or like cafes in the court of Exchequer in England; all which informations, altions, fuits, and proiecutions, procefs, and proceedings relating thereto, or to any the premifles (hall be had, made, and done in the office of the remembrancer of the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fuc-ceflbrs, in the faid court of Excbequir in Scotland\ and the faid barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland are hereby authorized and required, in cafe of any negledt or default by any the plaintiffs or defendants in any the laid informations, adHons, or fuits, or in any other informations, altions, or fuits, which (hall be commencea, fued, or profecuted in the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, for any matter or caufc whatfoever within the jurifdiltion of the faid court, to give and caufe judgments to be entred againft any the parties making default to ple£a or proceed to trial, and for recovery and condemnation of any poods, chattels, or other things feized as forfeited, and fqr which no claim ihall be duly entred, and to give and caufe judgments to be entred in cafes of demurrers joined in any the faid caufes depending before them, and to do, alt, and proceed in and about all and every the premifles, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as the barons of the court of Exchequer in England, by law, or by the courfe and method of proceedings in that court, (hould or might, or could do, or order to be done in fuch or the like cafes, matters, or things, in cafe the fame were or (hould be depending in the faid court of Exchequer in England, and upon any iflues joined in any the faid caules, or in any other caufes triable in the faid court upon matters of fait, or which would be triable

Caufes triable or inquirable by juries f if the fame were in England) the barons by juries. 0f the Exchequer in Scotland, are hereby authorized and required

to caufe the fame to be tried, either at the bar of the faid court, or elfewhere, at fuch times and places as (hall be for that pur-pofe by the court appointed, by a jury of twelve perfons of that county, (hire, city, or place in Scotland, where the laid matters in iflue to be tried did arife, or of fuch other county, (hire, city, or place in Scotland, where the laid court of Exchequer (hall order or direlt the fame to be laid and tried; each of which jurymen (hall at the time of fuch trial have and be feized in his own right, or right of his wife, of lands or tenements of an eftate of inheritance, or for his or her life, within the county, (hire, city or place from whence the jury is to come, of the yearly value of five pounds at theleaft, or (hall be then worth in goods, chattels, apd perfenal eftate, the fum of two hundred pounds fterling at lead, and for want thereof, or for any other juft and reafonable caufe, (hall be fubjelt to be challenged and

fet

Digitized by

Google

397

1707.]	Anno	fexto	Anna.	c.	26.

fet afide; and in all verdidls to be given by the juries the whole number of twelve muft agree; and the faid barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, and fuch of them before whom any fuch trials (hall be, or (hall be appointed to be, (hall, by virtue of this adt, have full power and authority to proceed to fuch trials, and to make, awards and iflue all fuch orders, rules, writs, and other procefs, and do or caufe to be done all other adts, matters, and things of what nature foever, as well in order to any fuch trials and notices for the fame, as in, upon, and after tne (aid trials, in every refpedt whatfoever, whether with relation to (he* riffs and other officers, parties, jurors, witnefles, challenges, or other matters or proceedings in, about, or relating to any fuch . trials, or the verdidts to be taken thereupon, or nonfuits there* in, and have and execute as fully and amply, to all intents and purpofes, all powers, authorities, and jurifdidtions, relating to, or proper for any fuch trials, or the matters for which fuch trials mall or ought to be, in every refpedt whatfoever, and for awarding cods upon the account of any fuch trials, or for not proceeding to trial, and for awarding any new or other trials, as the barons of the court of Exchequer in England, or any of them, before whom any trials, either at the bar, or otherwife, have been or fhould have been by the laws of England, or by the constitution, power, or pradtice of the faid court of Exchequer in England, or by virtue of any law or ftatute, com million or authority whatfoever, hath or have been, is or are enabled, or have ufed to make, do, or execute in or concerning any fuch or the like trials or cafes in England, and after any fuch trials had, the faid barons of the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the officers, attomies, and clerks in the (aid court, (hall and are hereby enabled and required 'to give rules, and do all other things in order for judgments to be entred in the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, upon the records of trials at bar, and of the returns of records of Nifi prim in cafe of trials in the countries, as are, have been, or may be ufed or pradtifed in like cafes in the court of Exchequer in England; and the barons of the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland may and (hall proceed to give judgment according to the right of the caufes, and to award executions upon (uch judgments, and to do and award all and every adt, matter, and thing touching and relating to anv fuch trials, judgments, or executions, as by law, or the rules, orders, or directions of the court of Exchequer in England, or by the laws or ftamtes in England, or hath or have been or ought to be ufed in fuch or the like cafes.

VII.	And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au- Barons in or thority aforefaid. That the faid barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, or any one or more of them, either in court or out nizances forg of court, (boll have foil power and authority to take all manner debts, &c. of recognisances and fecurities for debts, and that all obligations, recognizances, fpecialties, and other fecurities for amr the revenues, rents, debts, duties, accounts, profits, or other things accruing, or which (hall or may become due or accrue to tne Queen’?majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, within Scotland, or which

jfluH

Digitized by

Google

39*	Anno fexto Annjb. c.26.	[*7°7«

(halt in any wife concern or relate thereto, or any the officers, minifters, or accountants thereof, or for the fame, or which (hall be taken in or by the order of the fakl court of Exchequer in Scotland^ or upon any other account for the ufe or benefit of the crown, or for fecunng any the revenues, debts, or duties of the crown, (hall be taken in the name of the Qyeen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccelTors, and to be paid to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, with other proper words, and with and under fuch conditions as (hall be fuitable to the matter for which they (hall be taken, and (hall have the full force and efieA of any obligations, recognizances, and fpecialties, which have been or my be taken or acknowledged in the court of Exchequtr in England) according to the purport, true intent and meaning of the Astute in that behalf made in England in the three and thirtieth year j3H.g. c. J9. ofthe reign ofKingi/rwy the Eighth, or anyother law orftatote, or any practice, cuftom, or ufege in the court of Exchequer in England, or by virtue of the royal prerogative; and that all (bits and profecutions upon any the faid obligations, recognizances, and fpecialties, or tor any revenues, debts, or duties any ways Em mto Kid due ^ payable to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, £c! thereupon within Scotland, (hall be in the faid court of Exchequer in Seot-to be in Ex- land, and her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, (hall be prefer-chequer court, red and have preference in all fuits and proceedings in the (aid court of Exchequer in Scotland, according to the faid (latute of the three and thirtieth year of King Henry the Eighth, and according to the ufage, courfe, and practice of the court of Exchequer in England) and (hall have and enjoy fuch and the fame prerogatives, as well in and about pleadings, and in all other matters and things, as by any the laws in England) or courfe of Exchequer in England) have been, are or ought to be allowed \ and as well the bodies, as the.lands and tenements, debts, credits, and fpecialties, goods, chattels, and perfonal eftate of afl debtors or accountants to the crown, or their debtors in Scotland) (hall be fubjedt and liable, and fhall and may be made fubpedfc and liable by extent, inquifition, and feizures, or by any other procefs, ways, or means, to the payment of fuch debts, duties, or revenues to the crown, and in fuch and the feme manner and form, to all intents and purpofes as hath been, or is ufod in tbs court of Exchequer in England in like cafes*

VIII,	Provided neverthelefs. That no debt or duty from any in Scotland to*^ debtors or accountants to the crown in Scotland* (hall affedt fubjedt any*t0 or fobjedt any real eftate in Scotland* of any fuch debtors or accountants, to the payment or fatisfadtion of any fuch debt m duty, further dr otherwise, or in any other manner or form, than fuch real eftate may or ought to be fubjedt and liable there^ to by the laws of Scotland) and that the laws of Scotland (hall, in in all fuch cafes, and for all fuch purpofes, hold place and be obferved; any thing in this a A contained to the contrary not-Barons, See. withftanding : and for all the purpofes in this adt mentioned, TOwcrs^cre- *be faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the barons, and by granted/ other officers thereof and therein, (hall have, exercife, and pot

in

No debt, &c. to the crown

: any real eftate there, other wife than by the laws ok Scotland*



$99

I7°7*l	Anno	fexuo	Annas. c.16.

In execution within Scotland, all and every the powers, authorities, and jorifdi&ions, as to all matters and things whatfoever, arifing or happening, or which have or (hall arifeand happen within Scotland^ touching or concerning any the afbrefaid revenues or duties of cuftoms and excife, and other revenues, debts, or duties, obligations, fecurities, judgments^ or fpecialde8,< or the recovery of the fame, or of any other the premises, which the dourt of Exchequer in England\ or thehorons or officers thereof, by virtue of the faid ftatutc made in England in the faid three and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, or of any other ftatute made and in force in England, or by the confutation, courfe, or pra&ice ufed in the court of Exchequer in England, have or ought to have performed or put in execution in England, as fully and amply, to all intents aad pqrpofes, as if the fame powers, authorities, and jurifdidion were in this ad particularly exprefled and thereby enaded; yet fo neverthelefs, that nothing be done to make the real eftate in Scotland of any debtor or accountant to the crown there, fubjed or liable to the payment of any debts or duties to the crown, farther or otherwife than they may or ought to be by the laws of Scotland, according to the purport of the*provifo laft hereto before-mentionedj and the barons of the (aid court* of Exchequer in Scotland, Audi and may ad and do in refped to any the parties in lav* or equity to any adion, information, fait, or profecution in the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, in fuch cafes, fort, and manner, as by any the laws or fbrtutes in England, or theufe and pradiceof the court of Exchequer there, touching the awarding of cods, and ifluing procefs and execution for the fame, hath or have ufed to be done.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforcfaid. That All ftatutes in the feveral ftatutes in England of jeofails, and for amendments, England of (hall extend to all fuch adions, informations, and*Fuits, to be|^>Stendt* brought in the court of Exchequer in Scotland) for the recdvery au ,aions ° of any debt, duty or revenue due to the crown, as folly and brought in amply, to all intents and purpofes, as they do or ought to ex- court of Extend to the court of Exchequer in England) or any caufes or pro-eeedings therein in fuch or the like cafes; and that in the faid eras to court of Exchequer in Scotland) there fhall be kept and obferved be kept every four terms in every year, whereof one of them fhall be called year. Martinmas Termy and fhall yearly commence upon the third day of November, and end on the twenty ninth day of November; and another of them fhall be called bf the name of CandUmat Term) and fhall yearly commence upon the twenty third day of January) and end upon the twektb day of February yearly ; and another of them fhaM be called by the name of IVhitfuntide Tfrm9 and (hall yearly commence upon the twenty fifth day of May, and fhall end on the-fifteenth day of June following; and the fourth of them (hall be called by the name of Lammas Term, and fhall yearly commence on the twentieth day of July, and .

[Wl end cmtoe eighth day of .WfoUoWmg;and if any of

the laid days on which any of the laid terms fhall begin or end, an(j determine

flull happen to be a Sunday, then fuch. term refpedively (hall be- caufes, &c.

gin

Digitized by

Google

i for fend wnt

C.26.	[>707*

r and during wbkh ttrms : faO fit therein, and hear and dr* ■aWen, and things depending* or to be profccutcd in the find court or which Stall or may concern the to* ext) or things xtithuv the juri&b&Boo eitherwith or without any adjoarn-phee; tod that the find baroas Jhafi : the days and times for theietxrns rod, and returnable in chedxjdGourt mi wmfaie upon all fedr Sniffs and other officers and hofhrt politickor corporate, to whom the execminoC or procefo do or (ball appertain, fuch iffues, finey nd penalties, as to the (aid court (hail faem fit and the hid batons m court, or any of them oat of opart, flnH take bails, recognizances,-and other fecuri-ties, informatioos, bills, anfwers, and affidavits, and take and and do and execute all matters and things re-



Ami award

peed there-

being to the bofiaefi or juriidictioo of the faid court, as fully to all ioeeats and norpofes as the barons of the Exchequer in Eng-imi, or any of them, have or do ufe in fuch or the like cafes Aalbsldp'es « or ourof cooit there; and the batons of the court of Exchequer in	are hereby alfo* authorized and enabled to hold

plea in equity by EngUJb biU, petition, or fuit to be brougbtor uhibard in me laid court by or again#: the attorney or adv6cate general of the Queen’s maje&y, her heirs and fuccefibrs, on her or their behalf, or for her or their intereft, or by or again# any other pedon or periods any ways concerned in or about any the revenues, debts, or duties, before-mentioned, touching the faid revenues, debts, or duties, for any difcovery or relief in equity; and mam) upotrfbch bills, petitions, and fuits, the faid court of Exchequer (hall and are hereby enabled to ifiueand award procefe of Subpcna or Dij!ringa%> and all other ufual andproper proeds for compelling the parties defendants to or in fuch fuits, to pot in their anfwers, and make their defences to fuch bills, petitions, or fuits, and for the parties to inch fuits to proceed therein and thereupon, according to fuch rules or orders, and in (uch manner and form as the court of Exchequer in England hath ufed to proceed by; and upon iffues joined in any the faid emu-fes or fuits in equity, the court of Exchequer in Scotland is to caufe witnefles to be examined (if defined on either fide) byeouv miffions to be awarded for that purpofe, or by fwom examiners and after publication of the depofitions of the witnefles, to proceed to the hearing of the faid caufcti, and upon the proofeand evidence therein or thereupon, or upon biU*ad anfwer where no witnefles (hall be examined or proofsoiade, to make fuch orders and decrees either for the relief of plaintiffs, or for di-re&ing any iffue or iffues at law to be tried for the-information orders and de- 0f t^c COnfcience of the court, orfor difmiffingof the filid plaintiffs bills, or otherwife, as to the (aid court mail feem juff and reafonahle, and as is or hath been ufed in the court of Exchequer

And make

Digitized by v^ooQie

401

i 7g7-3	Anno	fcxto Ann.*; c.261

chequer in England 5 lave only that all iflues at law directed, as aforefaid, for the information of tbe confcienceof the court, (hall be and are hereby ordered to be made up and proceeded upon in the faid Queen’s remembrancer’s office in Scotlandf, in fuch manner as fuch iffues are ufed to be made up and proceeded upon in the office of pleas in the court of Exchequer in England \ and the faid court mail award fuch procefs fpr the inforcing any; of the parties to fuch fuits to perform and yield obedience to fuch orders or decrees as (hall be made in the faid caufes, and in cafe, of non-performance thereof, or difobedience thereunto, the faid court fhall award all fuch procefs of contempt againft the per-(bns and eftates of him, her, of them that (hall be in contempt, or refufe obedience to any the faid orders or decrees, as hath been ufed and praCtifed in like cafes, in or by the court of Exchequer in England, and make and execute like procefs, orders, and proceedings thereupon, as are ufed in the court of Exchequer in England in like cafes.

X.	And be it further enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, That Barons to en-the. barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, and all and *hc *ame every the officers and members of the faid court of Exchequer, members of lViali be entitled to, and have and enjoy fuch and the farr^c pri- the college of vileges and immunities, as the members of the college of juftice juftice, &c. have and enjoy by the law, cuftom, and practice in Scotland, excepting only that they may be purfued in juftice before the lords

of fefiion for caufes not competent to the court of Exchequer*

XI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, ^ officers of That all the officers and^erfons imployed or to be imployed in |n s^tland^to or about the collecting, receding, managing, paying, anfwering, befubjea to or accounting for any the revenues or duties of cuftoms or ex- the jurifdic-cife* or other crown revenues, debts, or duties in Scotland, (hall of iT be Under and fubjeCfc to the rules, orders, directions, authority,

power, and jurifdiCtion of the laid court of Exchequer m Scotland, in all things touching the faid revenues, debts, duties, or accounts, and touching the collecting, ordering, and management thereof, and the paying and anfwering the lame, and concerning any fecurities to be given, or oaths to be taken relative thereto, which are not or (hall not be contrary to, or inconfift-ent with the commands, orders, and directions in force, of or from the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, or of or from the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or the lords commif-fioners of the treafury in Great Britain for the time being; and that all and every fuch perion and perfons, as is, or are, or (hall be appointed under the aforefaid feal, which by the articles of union is appointed to be kept in Scotland, to be the audi- Auditors of tor or. auditors of the laid revenues of cultoms orexcife, or other, the revenues crown revenues or duties whatfoever in Scotland, or any part to take the thereof, (hall take the fame, or like oath, mutatis mutandis, for oat** the due execution of his or their office or offices, before the ba- Eng^d!*1 rons of the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, as any audi- And have the tor of any the crown revenues in England, hath or have ufed or making up of ought to take; and fuch auditor or auditors (hall have the tak- the accounts, Vol. XI.	Dd	‘	ing&cJ.

Digitized by

Google

402

Anno fexto Anna. C. t6.	[iJroy.

ing and making up all the faid accounts, which being fwom to by the refpe&ive accountants as to the truth thereof, and allowed and declared by and before the faid court of Exchequer hi Scotland, or before the chief baron, or (bme other of the barons of the faid court of Exchequer, the fame (hall be examined, en-tted, and enrolled in the offices of remembrancer of the Queen’s • majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and particulars and vouchers * of fuch account, contained in a bag for that purpofe, (hall be there left, and fuch account (hall be alfo entred in the office d£ the lord treafuret’s remembrancer, in fudi and the like manner as is and hath been ufed in the like offices in England, and then (hall be delivered into the pipe office in the court of Exchequer in Scotland; and the clerk of the pipe or chief officer in that office, or his deputy (in cafe that office (hall be executed by deputy) (hall caufe the faid accounts to be examined, and if found true, to be entred and inrolled in the faid office, and (hall make and give a quietus or difeharge to the accountant thereupon, which (hall be a difeharge to and for fuch accountant, as to all the revenues, duties, matters, and things therein, and thereby accounted for, paid, and anfwered; and if any (upers of* arrears (hall be fet upon the accountant, or iny other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, by or upon the faid account, the court of Exchequer in Scotland (hall award all proper and effectual procefs to be made and iflued out of fuch one of the two remembrancers offices, as the court (hall direct, for the fpeedy accounting for levying and receiving of all fuch fupers and arrears, and anfwering the lame to thfllufe of the crown, in fuch fort and manner as in like cafes nfey by law be done, or hath been ufed, in the court of Exchequer in England.

Party to any XII. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a-judgtnent forefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any per-of^Excheq^er^ f°n or	bodies politick or corporate, party or parties to

may bring a * any judgment which (hall be given in the faid court of Exche-writ of error quer in Scotland, his, her, or their heirs, executors, or admi-upon fuch niftrators, or fuch other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or

turnable iiT" corPoratc> who be privy to* an^ affe&ed by fuch judg-parliaraent, nient, and who by law is or are entitled to bring and maintain &c.	a writ or writs of error thereupon, to fue and profecute out of

the court of Chancery in England a writ or writs of error, to be made in ufual manner upon any fuch judgment, returnable in die parliament of Great Britain, and fuch and the like fecuri-ties, matters, and things, way and method of proceedings, (hall and may be had therein and thereupon, and relating thereunto, as have been, are, or may be ufed and pradtifed upon, or concerning writs of error returnable m parliament, upon any judgment fn any the courts in England, and upon or relating to the affirming or reverfal of fuch judgments, and the proceedings thereupon in like cafes; and every perfon or perfons, againft whom any orders or decrees in Englifl) caufes (hall be made in the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, (hall and may have and purfue fiich and the like relief and rtdrefs therein, as any perfon or perfons, againft whqpi any orders or-decrees in the court of Exchequer

Digitized by

Google'

iyof.'l	Anno	texto	'AiniM.	C.	26.	403

fchfcoofcf \ti England have been or (hall be made, may have and toiimic 'to like cafes.	,	'

XHI*. Provided affo, That the lord high treafuret of Gteot Lord treafurer Brttabe for the time being (hall have and exerdfe all fuch pow- have the eH; mithbrities,* ind junfdi&ions, about or relating to any the reSting'to^he fevenercs 6r duties of Cuftom and excife, and other the crown revenues, See. revenues, duties, or tteafure within Scotland, and the getting in, of Scotland, pajitig, iffuing, and accounting for the fame, or any parttherd- as.he hath re-Of,'af fully and amply, to all intents and purpofes, as the lord *£EnJiami^ high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, by virtue of s * ftxch his office, hath, or may, or can have br exercife about or r concerning any the crown revertaes, debts, or duties in England$ arty thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftariding.

~ XIV. Provided alfo, and be it enacted by the authority rfore- How all fints, find, That alfand afl manner of fines, iflues, amerciaments, for- iflues, &c. foiled recognizances, pr penalties,'and other forfeitures, of what be levied nature or kind foever, which (hall or may be fet, impofed by, and ^ * or incurred, or become forfeited in the laid court of Exchequer m Scotland, (hall be levied by the authority and procefs of the faid court, and paid and anftvercd to the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs and Ibcceflors, although the perfons or their lands or tenements, goods, or chattels, liable to the fame fines, iflues, amerciaments, penalties, or forfeitures be or remain in any part of Scotland whatfoever.

* XV. Provided rieverthelefs, That in cafe any perfon or per- Perfons (hew-Kns, bodies politick or corporate, his, her, or their heirs, fuc- jng good caufe ceflbrs, executors, or adminiftrators, (hall alledge, plead, de-*n dare, or (hew in the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, good, fines. See. berfeA, fufitcient caufe and matter in law, reafon, or good con- payable to the faence, in bar or difeharge of any fines, iflues, amerciaments, cr°wn, court forfeited recognizances, of any other forfeitures, debts, or du- f°roe°&c.C ties due or payable to the crown, or why fuch perfon or perfons Ought not to be charged or chargeable to or with the fatne, and the fame caufe and matter To alledged, pleaded, declared, of (hewed, fufficiently proved in the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland, That then the faid court (hall have full power and authority to accept, adjudge, and allow the fame, and wholly and clearly to acquit and difeharge all and every the faid perfons, which (hall be impleaded or fued for the fame, or to make and take any fitting and reafonable competition for the fame, as in the judgments and diferetions of the barons of the faid court of Exchequer, upon hearing of the attorney or advocate general, or other learned courrfel of her Majefty, her heirs and fucedflors, fhall be found and thought juft and reafonable, and to proceed and a<ft therein, and give difcharges thereupon, in fuch fort and hianner as hath been and is ufed and practifed in the like cafes in and by the court of Exchequer in England •, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	4

XVI. And be it furtn er enadted by the authority aforefaid, Barons to paft That the barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, (hall have &***&*

D d 2	fall	couuts»

Digitized by t^ooQle

and charge and difcharge them. See.

Aftsof parliament made in England, concerning co-ftoms or fubfi-die* there, or Cxcife, Sec. not contrary to the articles of union to extend to Scotland,

and cognizable in me court of Exchequer.

Anno fexto Ann*. c.z6.

[*707.

Queen to appoint what further places, ports, See. in Scotland, fhall be lawful tor landing or Ihipping goods,.*:.

full power and authority, by virtue of this aSt, to take and paCi the accounts of all (heriffs, and other officers in Scotland, who have or fhall have the execution of *ny the procefc irfutng out of and returnable in the faid court of Exchequer, for the levying of any revenue or money for the crown, and to charge and difcharge them according to right andjuftice, and that ih fiich manner and form, as the laid (heriffs and officers before the faid union were ufed to be charged and difeharged, and to have their accounts paffed, or as the barons of the faid court of £x-cheauer (hall order, direct, or appoint.	*

XVIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every a<5t and a&s of parliament made in England, and in force there, touching and concerning any cuftoms or fubfidies there, and alfo all and every a<ft and a&s of parliament made in England, and now in force, touching and concerning any excifes there, and all and every the authorities* powers, ju-rifdidtions, qualifications of officers and feizers, directions for navigation, and for carrying goods coaftwife, forfeitures, penalties, duties, and the ways and means for the recovering of them* or any of them, and all other matters and things in them, or any of them contained, which are not contrary to or inconfift-ent with the aforefaid articles of the union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland, or any of them, (hall extend to Scotland, and mall and may be cognofcible in, and put in execution by the court of Exchequer in Scotland, as to all matters and things happening or arifing in Scotland, as fully and amply, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame, or any of them, do extend, or may, or might be put in execution, as to any matters or things touching and concerning cuftoms and excifes, or any other the matters or things aforefaid, happening or arifing in England\ and all offences and offenders in any the (aid matters, lhall and may be fued and profecuted for the fame in the faid court of Exchequer in Scotland; and the merchants and other perfons entitled to any benefits, allowances, advantages, or remedies touching or concerning any the faid cuftoms or excifes in Scotland, mail have and enjoy tne fame in Scotland, as fully and amply, to all intents and purpofes, as they may or might if the fame were or arofe in England; and the officers of the cuftoms and excife in Scotland are required to make and allow the fame accordingly; and the barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland are required and enabled to caufe right to be done by and to all perfons concerned therein.

XVIIL And for the better and more effedtual afeertaining the ports, members, creeks, and havens in Scotland, where goods and merchandizes have been or may be exported and imported, and the feveral keys, wharfs, and other places where the fame may be put on board any (hip or veflel for tranfportation, or be unmipt or unladen upon importation; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, (hall and may, from time to time, by cotnmUfion or commitfiens out of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, affign and

appoint



1707.]	Anift©	fexto	Alinm. c.	2G.	405

appoint all. filch further (daces, ports,* members, and creeks in Scotland) as (hall be lawful for the landing and difeharging, lading, or (hipping of any goods, wares, or merchandizes in Scot-land) and to what ancient and head ports refpe&ively fuch places, members, or creeks (hall refpedtively appertain \ and where any fftch place, member, or creek (hall be fo appointed, as aforefaid, the cuffomcr, coile<ftor, comptroller, and fearcher of the head port; (hall by themfelvcs, or their fufficient deputy or deputies, lervant or fervants, reiide and inhabit, for theentring, clearing and paffing, (hipping and difeharging of (hips, goods, and merchandize, and by virtue of the (aid commiffion of commifiions may Jikewife fet down and appoint the extents, bounds, and limits of every port, haven, or creek in Scotland, whereby the Officers of extents, limits, and privileges of every port, haven, or creek in	t<?ire"

Scotland may be afeertained and known; after which appoint-p^* uc ment fo made, the faid ports, members, and creeks fo appoint- p ed, (hall be obferved and ufed for importation and exportation, in the fame manner, and fubjeeft to and under fuch orders and regulations, and to the fame effect, as the like pons, creeks, and members appointed in England ror exportation or importation there, are or ought to be by the laws of England.

XIX. And whereas by the aforefaid recited article of the treaty of Court impow-union it is provided, That the court of Exchequer in Scotland have er'd to receive power of paffmg fignatures> gifts, tutories, and in other things as the ^Agnations , court of Exchequer in Scotland at the time of the faid treaty had 5	;

be it therefore ena<fted by the authority aforefaid* That the court which were in , of Exchequer in Scotland (hall have power to receive refignations ufe to be rein her Majefty’s name of all baronies, lands, lordfhips, tithes, fiSncd» &c* “ jurifdidfions, offices, and all other rights which were in ufe to be Excheauerf refigned and received in her Majefty’s name in the Exchequer,	q

at the time of the faid treaty; and that fignatures, gifts, tute-ries, and other things which were prefented, revifed, and compounded, or which were pafled or given by the lord high trea-furer, or commiflionters of the treafury, or court of Exchequer there at the time of the faid treaty, (hall be given in, refigned, prefented, revifed, compounded, and expedited as formerly, with this alteration only. That the prefenter of fignatures (hall pre-fent the faid fignatures, gifts, tutories, and other things to the faid chief baron and barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby authorized and impowered to revife and compound the fame, in the fame manner, and with the fame powers as the faid lord high treafurer or commiffioners of treafury of Scotland might have done, and thereafter in a court of Exchequer, to hear parties concerned, and to pafs all fuch fignatures, gifts, tutories, and other things aforefaid, and efpecially to declare and ^appoint fines, as the court of Exchequer might have done at the time of the faid treaty, and fuch fignatures, gifts, tutories, and other things aforefaid being palied in the Ex-* chequer, fhall be recorded by the proper clerks and thereafter be expedited at the proper feals, as at the time of the faid treaty ^ by the law and practice of Scotland was required : referving ne-r

D d 3	yerthelef*

4<>6

EngHJh fellor*, &c. may plead in Exchequer court in Scot-

How offices

for life AmO be enjoyed.

Crown title to lands *rc. to he tried by court of fef-fion.

Tah> of of-*r$ fee* to t-* bung up >*; ! xebequer court.

Like tables to be hung up in remembrancers offices, &c.

Anna fcxto Atm*.-c. a6* -	£1707.

^etthekfs fail power to her Majetty, her heirs andfacoeflbfs, ta receive refigiutkms immediately in her or their royal hands* and to grant all fignatures, gifts, and other things, in tbt fame manner as her Majefty could have done at the time of the gforcfaid treaty.

XX.	And be it further erupted by the authority afore&id* That all barritters at law, advocates or counfellors, who may plead and pradife before the court of Exchequer in England* or before the court of feffion in Scotland* have and (hall have right and privilege to plead and pradife before the (aid court of Exchequer in Scotland.

XXI.	Provided always* and be it enaded, That the two principal clerks of Exchequer in Scotland, and other officers in that court* who have grants of their offices during life* or of inheritance, (hall eityoy their offices according to the nature of their gifts* except in fo far as thefe offices are inconfiftent with the conftitution of Exchequer, as the feme is fettled by this ad; in which cafe* be it enaded by the authority afbreuid. That any perfon having right to any fuch office, (hall be provided in pne or other of the offices eftahliflied by this ad, equal in value to what they now enjoy, to hold for life* or in fee refpec-tively, or have (bme other equivalent recompcnce for the lofr of fuch office.

XXII.	Provided always. That the validity or invalidity and preference of the title of the crown, to any honors, manors* lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to cafualties belonging to the crown, (hall continue to be tried and decided in the court of fefilon as was ufed, and of right ought to have been by the law and pradice of Scotland, at the time of the union, and not otherwise ; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforeCud, That no officer, minifter, clerk, or other perfon employed in the laid court of Exchequer in Scotland, (hall a(k«, demand, receive, or take from any of her Majefty's fubjeds, or from any other perfon or perfons whatsoever, any greater or other (ee, reward, profit, advantage, matter, or thing whatfoever, for or in rc-fped of any bufinefs, matter, or thing tranfaded, diipatched, made, or done in the faid court of Exchequer, than fuch only as (lull be fettled and allowed by the barons of the (aid court of Exchequer, or any three or more of them (whereof the chief baron to be one) under their hands : which fees or allowances (hall be contained in a table to be hung up in the moft puhtek and vifibfe place of the faid court of Exchequer, and to which any of her Majeftv’s fubjeds, or others, may have free liberty to refort, and to have a view and perufal thereof, without fee or reward; and each of the matters or chief officers in the offices of Que rs remembrancer, lord treafurer’s remembrancer, clerk of the and clerk of the pleas, and auditor, (hall take care, th*: t? < of the fees and allowances relating to their refpec-tivf cir.ee*. and places and bufinefs theyeip tranfaded, anil fo

4	allowed



17©*-]	Ajiiw	.fcxici	AWVB. c.*7*	4©7

flowed and (faned, as aforefaid, (hall he hung up in feme pub*

ick and vifibJc place in their faid refpe&ive offices to which

my of her Majcfty’s fubjects, or others, may have free liberty

:e refort, and to have a view and perufal thereof, without fee or

*eward; and if any perfon or perfons (hall offend in any the Penalty on

premifcs the barons of the faid court of Exchequer* upon com- offenders.

plaint thereof to. them made in that behalf, (hall caufc right to

3e done to the party complaining, and to punilh the offenders

3y fine, fufpenfion, or deprivation of offioe, or as to them ihaU

eem juft and rchfonable, and to recompense the complaincr

with cofts in that behalf.

XXIV* And be it further enafted bv the authority aforefaid, Number of That the number of the faid barons of her Majefty’s laid court barons not to rf Exchequer in Scotland* (hall not at any time exceed the num*- cxcccd fivt* her of five.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft to inlarge the time for returning the certificates of all icclejiafiical livings* not exceeding the yearly value of fifty pounds \ as aljo for dtfcharging all livings of that vHue from the payment of firfi-fruits** and for allowing time to arebbifhops and bifhops* and other dignitaries, for payment of their firfi fruits.

it is provided. That the faid aft, or any thing therein contained,

/hall not extend to difcharge any benefices with cure of fouls* the tenths whereof were granted away by any of her Majefly s predecef-fors to any perfon or perfons* bodies politick and corporate, in perpetuity, before the third day of November in the third year of her Ma-jefty's reign j which claufe was intended only to fave the rights of fuch Enforced by perfons who bad grants of tenths from the crown before the faid i Geo. i.ftat. third day of November, and not otherwife: but forafmuch as the *• c-l0* firfi-jruits of the aforefaid benefices with cure of fouls, the tenths whereof were fo granted* as aforefaid* were notwithfianding the faid grants* referred to the crown* and are now granted by her Majefly to the governors of the bounty of ueen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, and their fuccefjors: and forajr much as the discharging of the firfi-fruits and arrears thereof of fmall livings, the tenths of which are not vefted in the /aid governors, will be a profent proper augmentation of the fame; be it therefore enafbod by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this preC nt parliament affembled, and by the authority of the, fame. That* all ecclefiaftical benefices with cure yj) ecclefiafti-of. fouls, not exceeding the clear yearly value of fifty pounds cal benefices by the improved valuations of the fame, the tenths whereof are not exceeding not vefted in the corporation of the faid governors, and the in- £}' V*r% anR cumbents thereof for the time beipg,,and every of them, their

D d 4	re-

Digitized by

Google

40$	Anno fexto Annje* CWfA

i refpeftive heirs, t3teciitors, adrw niftratorsy {dcce&x&j and fare-Difchirgtd ties, (hall be free and dedrly difcharged and acquitted 'for ever for ever rro«n of and from the faid firft^frtiit6,<aod’of and from aft arrears of fint-fruiu,&c. theiame; any thing in the afbrefaid 'aft to the contrary notwkfc-ftanding: and the afcertaining of the dear improved yearly valuations of the laid ecclefiaftieal benefices with the cure of fouls* hereby intended to be difcharged from the payment of firft-fruits, fhall be by the fame perfons, and in the Came manner and form, as for other livings mentiohed in the find aft. Certificates of ^rov*ded neverthclefs, That the certificates by the proper valuation to ordinaries into her Majefty’s court of Exchequer at fVeftminfier, be made fee- of the yearly valuation of fuch livings intended by this aft to lore 14. Pec* ^ difcharged from the payment of firft-fruits, may be made at any time before the twenty fourth day of December, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight; any thing herein to the contrary notwithftanding. Not made by - W- And where,as by the faid aft of parliament made in the fail *5 March, fifth year of her Majejlys reign, the time limited for certifying into

1708.	may be the court of Exchequer the valuation of fuch livings intended by the made by 14.	^7	he difcharged from the payment of firjl-fruits	and tenths,

Pec. eniuing. js j'oun^ fyt fujfieitnt with refpeft to fome diocefes and plachybk \i therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch certificates which fhall be made into the faid court of Exchequer, of the yearly valuation of fuch livings intended to be difcharged from the payment of firft-fruits ind tenths by the (aid aft of -parliament, at ^ny time before the faid twenty fourth day of December, which fhall be in the ye^r of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and eight, fhall be as good and efFeftual for the purpofes by the faid aft intended, as if the fame were made and certified on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eight* any thing in this or the laid aft to the contrary thereof notvrirhftanding.

A& to be a IV. And be it further enafted and declared by the authority pubjick aft. aforefaid, That this aft fhall be taken and accepted in all courts and places whatfoever as a publick aft.

V. And whereas it has been ufual for the Kings and Queens of England, by their letters of privy feed, to allow the archbijhops ami bijhops four years time for the payment of their firjl-fruits to the crown, by way of injlallment, which ftnee her Majefiy has been gra-cioufly pleafed to give the firft-fruits and tenths for thq maintenance of the poor clergy, cannot now be done: and whereas the firft-fruits of arckbijkopricks and bijhopricks amount to near the full annual value thereof, and the other charges of coming into archbijhopricks and bijhopricks are very great: and ivbereas archbijhops and bijhops have 4not the profits of their bijhopricks from the death of their predecejfars, as reftors and vicars have, but from the timy that fuch bijhopricks are conferred upon them: and whereas no provifion has been made for any abatements of the firjl-fruits of archbijhops or bijhops, as there is for reftors and vicars, in cafe of death or removal, within the Four ears itmes a^me^ for	Paymfnt °f fitch firjl-frits; be it enafted by

allowed to the	aforefaid, Tfiat every archbifhop and bifhop fhall

. ' • ‘	1 ‘	*	  '	...	have



1 ?Q7-]	AAbo	(409

have: font; years allowed him, when he or they (hall compound trcWjiJhopt for tbei&me, for the payment of ■hikJftrft-fnrits, which (hall and Mihops to commence from, the tunb of reftitudon of his temporalities; pay their firft-and that in every year he (hall pay one fourth part of the whole *"“**• fum: and If'it (hall pleafc God he (hall die, or be removed, Prorifo in cafe before the hill termcrfootyears (hail be expired* he, his heirs, of death, executors* or'admhdihrators, (haH be difcharged of fb much as did no* 1 become due or payahjMn or before the time or times of his death or removal, in like manner as the heirs, executors, and adminiftnttors of rectors and vicars are authorized to do.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afortfaid. Deans, arcb-That all' deans, archdeacons, prebendaries, and other dighita- ~**con*^^ ries, (ball compound for their refpedive firft-fruits, in fuch f°r manner and form as re&ors and vicars have been accuftotned in fame man-to do, and in cafe of death or removal within the time ufually ner.asrefton, allowed to reCfors and vicars for payment of thdir (aid firft-fruitsf they the (aid deans, archdeacons, prebendaries, and other dig- 1	’	**

nitaries, (ball be in the like condition, and have the lame benefit as is allowed to redtors and vicars by the ftatute mad* in the firft year of the reign of the late Queen	,	intituled, An

alt far the	rtftitution »f the firft-fh&U to the

CAP. XXVIII.

An aB	for continuing the all for afeertaining the tytbes of

bmp and flax.

WHEREAS an alt of parliament made in the eleventh and** & «»W.,.

twelfth years of the reign of his late	King	William	.

the Third, of glorious memory, intituled,An a& for the better af- ^ certaining the tythes of hemp and flax, was to continue from the i.c. *6. foe and twentieth day of Match, which was in the year of our Lori one thoufani /even hundred, and from theme to the end of the next fejjion of parliament: and whereas the all hath by erne been found to be very ufeful and	necejfa to this kingdom; be it

enaCted by the Queen’s molt cxcellenTmajefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited adt mail be continu- Continued fix ed, and be in force from the five and twentieth day of , 7 years, which (hall be in the vear of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, for (even years, and from thence to the end of foe next feluon of parliament, and no longer.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

T*7°>*

410 fatoAc.$$.

,	CAP.	XXIX.

fa a& to Repeal a tlaufe in kn a£t of tie feventb of the reign of hit lateMajtfty (for amending and repairing the highways) wbick enjoin*,waggoners and others to draw with a fqU between the berfes, or with Jhafts, and to oblige them to draw only with borfes or . other becfls, except up

WHEREAS by on oft made in the feoenth and eighth years of the reign if hit lemayefly King William the Third, tf a **•	glorious memory, intituled. An a& for the better amending and

^repairing tfyc highways, and eaphutation of the laws relating , thereunto, it is euafai, That, od hafts or oxen drawing any traveh Hag waggon^ wain, tart, or ferriage, wherein any hardens, goads, or ■	wares ar« or	fallbt tarried	or drawn for lure, fall draw in pain

with a pole between the wheel horfes, *r in double fafis, and the 0-tber bo fa to draw in a line with the wheel herfe or oxen, in the Jaw manner as they ufuaUy draw in teaches, under the penalty ef forty fallings for every off mu \ two third parts thereof to be to ti **fef Marnier of the highways^ and the other third pari to the informer: and whereas drawing wag- the aforefaid manner of drawing with a pole between the wheel horfesy pole* found * ** fail* fhaftSy ess by the'fold a& is durefled, has by experience Enpra&icable. been found altogether impra&icabh in many parts of this kingdom, notwitbjlonding which many of her Majejhfs poor JubjeSs, waggon-ersj and carrierj, are perpetually harrqjjei by common informers% ami their team often feized for payment of the forfeitures m the food all mentioned, to the ruin of the fend waggoners and carrier*, and t$ the great damage of the owners of the goods, wares, and merchandizes conveyed in juch waggons, wains, and carriages by the delays in their joumies, occafmed by juch common informers: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the Queen’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons? in this prefent parliament aflembled, Claufe in the and bv the authority of the fame. That fo much of the Cud faid aft re- recitea adt, as is herein before mentioned, (hall be, and from ******* henceforth (hall (land abfolutely repealed, and is hereby repealed.

suit, depend- And, be it further enaAed by the authority afordaid, ing for for- That all feizures and fuits now depending in any of her Maje-foiturcs, &c. (ly’s courts at law, or whjch (hall at any time hereafter be feiz-diicharged. ©a, brought, or profecuted upon the faid daufe in the (aid redt-ed adt, under pretence of any feizure or forfeiture^ or penalty incurred for breach of the faid claufe in the faid adl. Or for any offence committed, or fuppofed to be committed againft the fame, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be difeharged, dif-A11 feizures continued, and determined; and that all feizures upon the faid null and void, claufe in the faid recited adl, made or to be made, are hereby declared to be difeharged, releafed, null and void.

III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That

Digitized by v^.ooQle

707-}	A$|>oJquoAfkH*. c.o$t	4«.

"hat from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one From xa June, houfand feven hundred andekht, no travelling waggon, wain, I70g, no wag’ art, or carriage, wherein any burdens, goods, or wares fhall be gon,&c.tobe . trrfcd or drawn, other than fbch carts and carriages, as are or drawn with a-hall be employed jn and about hufbandry and manuring of and, and in the carrying of hay, draw, corn, coal, chalk, tintr tGeo.i.ftat.». >er	for (hipping, materials for building, ftones of all forts, or c. 11.

och ammunition or artillery as (hall be for the fervice of her Exception, rfajefty, her heirs or fucceffors, (hall at any one time travel, be Lravvn, or go iri any common or publick highway or road with bove fiw Jiorfes, oxen, or beads, upon pain that every owner of :very fuch waggon, Wain, cart* or carriage, (hall forfeit for every see j Geo. t. uch offence tbe fum of five pounds; one moiety whereof (hall c. t». f.». ie to the furyeyors of the highways of the town, village, ham- «®Geo< *• et, or place where any of the faid offences (hall be committed, on penalty :o be employed in the repairs of the faid highways, and the o- 0f ^ y ther' moiety thereof to him that (hall difcover and profecute for sny of the (aid offences (provided fueh difeoverer or profecntor be an inhabitant of fuch town, village, or place) the faid penalty to be levied by didrcfs of all or any of the faid horfes, oxen, 9 Anne,

Or beads, by warrant under the hand and feal of one juftice of c. itf. f. 1. the peace j and in cafe the faid penalties, be not paid within *91?/0*., three days after, that then it (hall be lawful to and for the faid borfei,‘stc. * perfon and perfons fo didraining, as aforefaid, to fell the fame, To be levied and to redote the overplus to the owner, the charges of keeping by diftreft and and felling being fird deduced; and if any fuchTurveyor fhafl fale* wilfully fuffer any fuch waggon, wain, or carriage to be drawn with more than fix horfes, and (hall neglect to put this or any former laws made for repairing the highways in execution, (hall forfeit five pounds, to be divided and recovered, as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- Not to hinder rity aforefaid, That nothing in this alt contained (haH extend, uling as many or be condrued to extend, to redrain or hinder any owner or *Jor,e?for owners Of' (bch travelling waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, or his	UP

or their fervants, ufing or drawing with as many horfes or beads as jafticcs (hall as (hall be neceflary for the drawing fuch waggons, wains, carts, direft. or carriages up any hills, as the judices of the peace of the re-fpedive counties, ridkigs, divifibns, and places, where fuch hills	c.	18.

lie, (hall at their quarter feflions, from time to time, order and f, +.	’

diredt, which faid order and direction (haH be carefully kept by the refpoltive clerks of the peaae, araongd the records of the feflions, to which all perfons* at reafonable times, (hall have recourfe, without fee or reward, without incurring sny forfeit-ures or penalties herein before-mentioned; any thing in this, or any other alt ta the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

■ * s. . •	.	"	.....

C A P.



4 la	Anno fewo Anna. C; jo.	[1707.

,......'	.	.	1	A

CAP. XXX.

• ■ *’■*'».; .

*<f? /<?r afcerJaimngtbe rates* of foreign coins in ker Ma~

jiffs plantations to* America.	1

‘IXT'HEREAS for remedying the inconveniencies, which had a~ VV rtfeti from the different rates at which the Jams fpecies of foreign fiber coins did pafs in her Majejlfs feveral colonies and plantations in America, her mojl excellent Mojefty has thought fit bp her royal proclamation, bearing date the eighteenth* day of June, one. tboufand feven hundred and four, and in the third year, of her\ reign* t° fettle and afcertain the currency of foreign coins in her faid colonies and plantations,in the manner and words following.

Proclamation W E having had under our, confideration the different rates at ♦or afcertain- * * which the fame fpecies of foreign coins do pafs in our feveral ing the cur- colonies and plantations in America, and the inconvenitncies thereof rency ot fo- by the indirect pretties^ of drawing .the money from one plantation 10 America!1* ^ ano*ber, to the great prejudice of the trade of our fubjefls-, and being fenfible that the fame cannot be otherwife remedied, than by reducing of ail foreign coins to the fame current rate within all our dominions in America; and the principal officers of our mint having laid before us a table of the value of the feveral foreign coins which ufually pafs in payments in our find plantations, according to their weighty and the affays made of them in our mint, thereby jhewing the jufi proportion which each coin ought to have to the other, which is as foU loweth, viz. Sevil pieces of eighty old plate > feventeen penny-weight twelve grains, four fhillings and fix pence; Sevil pieces of eight, new plate,_fourteen penny-weighty three fhillings, Jeven pence, one. farthing; Mexico pieces of eighty feventeen penny-weight twelve grainsy four fhillings and fix pence; Pillar pieces of eighty feventeen penny-weight twelve grains, four fhillings and fix pence three farthings; Peru pieces of eighty old plate, feventeen penny-weight twelve grainsy four fhillings and five pence, or thereabouts; crofs dollarSy eighteen penny-weighty four {killings and four pence three • farthings\ ducatoons of Flanders, twenty penny-weight and twenty one grains, five fhillings and fix pence; ecus of prance, or filver ,	Lewis,	feventeen	penny-weight	twelve grainsy four Jbillings and fix

pence; crufadoes of Portugal, eleven penny-weight four grainsy two {killings and ten pence one farthing \ three gilder pieces of Holland, twenty penny-weight and feven grainsy five Jhillings and two pence one farthing ; old rix dollars of the empire, eighteen penny-weight and ten grains, four fhillings and fix pence; the halfs, quarters, and ether parts in proportion to their de/tominationh tend light pieces in proportion to their weight: we have therefore thought fit for remedying the faid inconveniencies, by the advice of our council, to publifb and declare, That from and after the firfi day of January next en-fuing the date hereof, no Sevil, Pillar, or Mexico pieces of eighty, though of the full weight of feventeen penny-weight and an half, {ball be accounted, received, taken, or paid within any of our faid

COlq-



4*3

1707.]	Anno	fexto	Ann#,	c. $0.

roldies or plantations, as well thofe under proprietors and charters* ft under our immediate commiffiqnand government, at above ibe rate 9/ ftp JbiUings per piece current money, /or /A/ difebarge of any con-or bargains to be made after the faid ftrft day of January /A/ Atf/r, quarters,.and other lejferpieces of the fame coins to be accounted, received, taken, or paid in the famt; proportion -, and the currency of all, pirrft </	0/	Pe^u, dollars, and other fo-

reign ft* ties'off liver coins, whether of the fame or bafer alloyr fall, after the faid firft day of January next, (land regulated, according ■0 their weight and finenejs, according and in proportion ip the ratq before limited and jet for tl)e peices of eight of Scvil, Pillar, and Mexico; fo that no foreign fiver coin of any fort be permitted to txceei the fame Proportion upcn a^ aicount whatfoevery and we do hereby require, and command all our governors, lieutenant governors+ magistrates, officers, and <tll other owr good fubjeds, within our fa$ colonies and plantations, to obferve and obey our directions herein, as they tender our difpUqfure.

II.	And whereas notwithjlanding the, faid proclamation, the fame por inforcing \ndirtCf practices as are therein mentioned, are fill carried on within the due exe-fome of the faid colons or plantations, opd the money thereby drawn cution of pro-from one plantation to another, in prejtfdice of the trade of her Mar danutAon> jefty’s futyeflsi y/hexciorc for the better inforcing the due exer cution of Tier Majefty’s faid proclamation throughout all the faid colonies and plantations, and for the more effectual remedying the faid inconveniencies thereby intended to be remedied, be it enaAed by the Queen’s mod excellent rtiajefty, by fend with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon within any ot the faid colonies or plantations, as well thofe under proprietors and charters, as under her Majefty’s immediate commiftion and government, fhall after the firft day of Mayy which (hall be in pcrfong the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and nine, t May, 1709. for tne difeharge of any contracts or bargains to be thereafter paying or remade, account, receive, take, or pay any of the feveral fpecies £f,v.,nS *"7 of foreign filver coins mentioned in the before recited procla- co^If^t aW mation, at any greater or higher rate than at which the fame is higher rate thereby regulated, fettled, and allowed, to be accounted, receiv- than is regu-ed, taken, or paid, evenr fuch perfon fo accounting, receiving,	6

taking, or paying the fame contrary to the directions therein months ini-contained, (nail fufferfix months imprifonment, without bail or prifonment, mainprize; any lawi cuftom, or ufage in any of the faid colo- and forfeit 10k nies or plantations to the contrary hereof in any wife notwith- _

(landing; and fhalljikewife forfeit the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence; orie nloiety thereof to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflots; the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall (be for the fame, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of juftice within any of the faid plantations, or

Digitized by

Google

4*4

Anno fcjtte A Mm.'©.'

in any of the courts of juftice of the charter or proprietary go-* vernments where fuch offence (ball be committed.

Provifo.	III.	Provided	neverthelefs,	and it is hereby declared. That

nothing in the before recited proclamation of in this a6t contained ihall extend, or be conftrued to compel any perfon to receive any of the faid fpecies of foreign filver coins* at the ref-peftive rates in the faid proclamation mentioned. %

Queen may re- IV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further declared. That ve alVecies" not^’nS *n this contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to hereafter^in reftra’m her Majefty from regulating and fettling the feveral fuch other	rates of the faid fpccies of foreign filver coins within any of

manner as (he the faid colonies or plantations, in fuch other manner, and Di.ill judge ne- according to fuch other rates and proportions, as her Majefty by her royal proclamation for that purpofe to be iffued, {hall from time to time judge proper and neceffary, or from giving her royal affent to any law hereafter to be made in any of the faid colonies or plantations, for fettling and ascertaining the current rates of fuch coins within the faid colonies or plantations; but that fuch further regulations may be made, and fuch aflent given, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame might have been done in cafe this atft had not been made, and no otHerwife ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof in any wife not-withftanding.

. CAP. XXXI..;

AamU for the better preventing miftbUfs that may happen •	by	fire .

^tT^lHEREAS many fir a have lately broke but in feverat places TT in and about the cities of London arid Wcftminfter, and other parijhes and places comprifed within the weekly bills of mortality* and many houfes have frequently been burnt and confumea before fuch fires 'could be extinguijhed, to the impoveri/hing and utter ruin of many of her Majefifs fubjefts, the rage and violence whereof might have been in great part prevented, if a fufficient quantity of water had been provided in the pipes lying in the Jlreets, and if party waits of brick had been built between houfe and houfe9 from the foundation to the'top of the roofs, and Ufs timber in the front of houfes: for the preventing therefore the like mifehiefs for tne future, be it enabled by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the From 15 authority of the fame, That from and after the five and tWen-March, 1708, tieth day of Marchy which {hall be in the year of our Lord one ensof each thoufand feven hundred and eight, it (hall and may be lawful parifh within to arid for the churchwardens of each and every parifll within bills of mor- the faid cities and liberties of London and Wejlminjler% and other tohty to fix on pashes and places within the faid weekly bills of mortality, ^^o^any anc* they are hereby required at any time Or times before the water-work, firft day of May, in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand flop-blocks of feven hundred and eight, or as foon after as may be, and fo for

ever

1707.]	Anno	fexto	415

ever after, to make place and fix (at the charge of fuch re- wood, or fire

fpe&ive parifh) upon the mains and pipes belonging to anycoc^s> &c*

water-work whatfoever within the places aforefaid, luch and

fo m:yiy ftop-blocks of wood, with a two inch plug, or fuch

and fo many fire cocks to go into each main or pipe, and to be

placed at fuch diftanees, in each or any ftreet or place where

fuch churchwardens for the time being (hall direct, and the

top of fuch flop blocks to lie even with the pavement of each

ftreet or place ; to the intent that fuch plugs or fire cocks may

always, upon occafion of any fire, be opened, and let out

the water without lofs of time in digging down to the pipes;

and that all and every or any fuch churchwardens (hall, and

hereby have power to fix any mark or writing in the front of Mark tol><5

any houfe or houfes over againft the places, and for the better £XC(j on thc

making known to the inhabitants where fuch ftop-blocks and front of an

fire cocks lie, and to keep an inftrument in each houfe where houfe, over

the mark is, to open the plug or fire cock, fuch ftop-blocks a,^e where

and fire cocks to be kept in repair at the charge of each parifh Ji^cock UeL

where the fame (hall be placed, and the plugs by the owners

of the mains and pipes where the fame (hall beftxed ; and that

each and every parifh within the cities of London and JVeJfminfier, Ec

and weekly bills of mortality, (hall from time to time, and at t0 keep one

all times, have and keep in good order and repair in fome large engine

known and publick place within each parifh, a large engine, a™ one hand

and alfo a hand engine, to throw up water for the extinguifh-

ing of fires, and alfo (hall provide, keep, and maintain onepjpe>

leather pipe and focket of the fame fize as the plug or fire cock. United pa-

to the intent the focket may be put into the pipe to convey the rifh« are as

water clean and without lofs, or help of bucket, into the en- on^*nrKe c f

gine ; and in default of making, placing, fixing, and continu- \ x nnx,Ct

ing fuch ftop-blocks or fire-cocks on the feveral mains and Penalty on

pipes, as alfo in default of having and keeping in good repair charchwar-

fuch large engine, hand engine, and leather pipe and focket,

the churchwardens of fuch parifh fo making default, and be-4 c

ing convi&ed thereof, before two of her Majefty’s juftices of

the peace, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds ; one

moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the

overfeers of the poor of the parifh where fuch default (hall be

made, for the ufe of the poor of luch parifh, to be recovered by

warrant from two of her Majefty’s juftices of the peace, by

diftrefs and fale of fuch churchwardens goods ; the overplus,

if any be, to be returned to the owner thereof; and that the Gratuities to

turn-cock belonging to fuch water-work, whofe water (hall be be paid to

found on, or firft come into the main or pipe where the firft turn cocks

plug (hall be opened at any fire, (hall be paid ten (hillings by enS*£e keep-

the churchwardens of fuch refpedfive parifh where fuch fire churchwjd-

fhall happen; and that the firft engine keeper which brings in ens, &c.

a parifh engine, to help to extinguifh any fire, if in good order where any fire

and complete, with a focket, hofe, and leather pipe, (hall be happen*

paid thirty (hillings; the keeper of the fecond parifh engine

that (hall be next brought to a fire (hall be paid twenty ckurckward-

(hillings



WVtrwec be -lorf to m~ feenxt tree traca iai-

416	Amo	fcsto	Anna*	c,$ii	£1707*

filings; andthcthM, ten foi#iugs,by tire chivchwardens. ai each pmdh where fuch fire (hall happen j and in default of

______	pyttt	thereof	fitch	reward	(hall	\k recoverable from the

-r Anz,c»t. chitfehwadem where fuch fire (hall happen, by warrant from u.	rwoef	her	Idajefty’s joibres of die peace, by diftrefe and felt

ok foefc chnrch wardens goods * the overplus to be returned, if »7 hell. And whereas the fevered informu (>ffius for injuring heufoi agon i k/s by fere^ recoin m thar fevered forvueSj and gw teats sms medgrs mats msurwen fer forvue end affiantt in extinguifomg of foes* m&) on dump ready at a tad, and are provided wish various forts ef poUsy iwii, hatchets, ami fevered ether itfhrunents ami tctngi at the charge of the fold rtfpe&rut. infur ante offices* fer the exrmpufong ef fir a j which watermen by atftom and flail venturi mmc further, and give greater bdp than any other perfans net ufei u come ime danger : and whereas it hath been found by frequent ex-peneme* that fuch watermen are ef great ufe andfervid when ever any fere happens i he it therefore eaa&ed by the authority afore-fasd, That the watermen for the tune being, belonging to each miuranoe office, within the dries of London and fVefomufUTy and limits thereof, not exceeding thirty for each office, (hall he free from being impeded, or liable to be compelled to go to ita, or fcrve as marines, or foldiers at land, their names and places of abode being regiftered and entered with the iecretary or other officer of the admiralty office.

Serrtsttwbo	IIL And whereas pres often happen by the negligence and carelcfnefs

neg- of forcants* be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, l^rD« Srt That if any menial or other fervant or fervants, through neg-io5^ hgence or carekfhefr, (hall fire or caufe to be fired any dwelling-m be irat to houfe, or out-houfe or houfes, fuch fervant or fervants being thereof lawfully convicted by the oath of one or more credible mitnefies made before two or more of her Majefty’s jultices of the peace, lhall forfeit and pay the (urn of one hundred pounds unto the churchwardens of fuch parifli where fuch fire (hali happen, to be diftributed among the fufferers by fuch fire, in fiich proportions as to the (aid churchwardens (hall feem juft ; and in cafe of default or rcfufal to pay the feme immediately alter fuch conviction, the (ame being lawfully demanded by the (aid churchwardens, that then and in fuch cafe fuch fervant or fervants (hall, by warrant under the hand of two or more of ber Majefty’s jultices of the peace, be committed to fome w ork houfe, or houfe of correction, as the (aid juftices (hall think fit, for the fpace of eighteen months, there to be kept to bard labour.

IV. And be it further ena&ed by the anthorky aforefeid. That from and after the faid firft day of May* which (ball be 1 May, within in the year of our Lord one thoufend (even hundred and eight, bills of morta- *]] and every houfe and houfes that (hall be ereded and built pStywaHs of ^^er upon old or new foundations, in any place or places in bnck ot (tone, and about the cities of London and lVeftmin&er% or other parilbes bee.	or places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, (hali

have

bc^:c for it

AIT hou^s crofted after



Aimo fattfr AKna. c.jn	417

have party walls between houfe and houfe, wholly of brick otProyjfasfor done* andof twobricks^fhick at the feaft in the cellar and ground P^g ^ dories, and thirteen inches thick upwards from the foundation quite through afl the ftories of each houfe, and eighteen inches No mundii-above^he roof; and that-no tntmdillion or comifti of timber lion or cornifli or wood under the eaves (hall hereafter be made or fuffered in timber un-any fuch new houfe or houfes, but that all front and rear- hereafte^to be walls ot every houfe and houfes (hall be built of brick or (tone, to mjuie in any be carried two foot and an half high above the garret floor, and new houfe, &c. :oped with ftone or brick 5 and if any new houfe or houfes ^bu (hall, from and after the fttd firft day of May, be eretfted and10 built within the places aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and uidon bridge meaning of this that then the owner of every fuch houfe, or the Thames.

and head builder or workmen, who undertake fuch building or 7 Ann*,c. 17. work, (hall each of them forfeit, lofe, and pay for every fuch onnenalt* default the fum of fifty pounds, to be equally divided, one p J4 moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor Df the parifh Wherein fuch building (hall be ere<ftcd ; and to be levied by warrant under the hands and feals of two or more of her Majefty’s juftices of the peace within the place where fuch building (hall be fo erected, or where fuch workmen (hall inhabit* by diftrefs ahd fale of the offender’s goods, upon due :onvicfcion upon oath, or upon the view of one or more of fuch jufticcs of the peace, rendring the overplus to the owners, if any be ; and for want of fuch diftrefs theoffender (hall be imprifoned by warrant from the faid two juftices, who are hereby impower-ed and required to iffue fach warrant, until payment, as afore-faid ; and the (hare of fuch forfeitures appointed to go to the poor, as aforefaid, to be paid into the hands of the churchwardens of fuch refpe&ive parifti where fuch offence (hall be committed, who are to give a receipt for the fame, and to be charged therewith, and accountable for the fame, in like manner as for other monies which they (hall receive for the ufe of fuch parifti.

V.	And be it further enabled, That upon the breaking out 0n hreaj<ing of any fire within London and IVe/lminJler, all conftables and out of any fire, beadles (upon notice thereof) (hall immediately repair to the &c. all con-place where the faid fire (hall happen, with their (laves, and other andai-badges of their authority, and he aiding and affifting, as well a^ft°thc in tne extinguiftiing the (aid fires, and cauGng people to work inhabitants, at the engines, as alfo in preventing goods being ftolen; and &c.

(hall feize and apprehend all ill-difpofed perfons that they (hall find dealing or pilfering from the inhabitants5 as alfo that the faid conftables and beadles (hall give their utmoft afftftance to help the inhabitants to remove their faid goods.

VI.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, No aftion to That no action, fuit, or procefs whatfoever, (hall be had, be profecuted maintained or profecuted againft any perfon in whofe houfe or chamber arty fire (hall, from and after the (aid firft day of May, *X>?e houfe, accidentally begin, or any recompence be made by fuch perfon &c. any fire for any damage fuffered or occafioued thereby \ any.law, ufage, accidentally

VOL. XL	EC	or	begins,

Digitized by L,ooQle

4*8

Thu fe8mr made perpetual by 10 Annas,

c. 14.. r. 1.

Not to void contrail between landlord and tenant.

Claufe of indemnity to continue for 3 years.

5 Annae,c. 13.

Bank of England.

All monies called in by bank for circulating Exchequer bills to be taken as Hock for qua-frying perfons to be elefted governor,

Anno fexto AmuM. ^3^	£1707*

or cuftom to the contrary notwithftapding: and if wy jaftiod. fhall be brought for any thing done in purfu^nce of this aft, the defendant may plead the general iflue, and give this aft in evidence, and in cafe the plaintiff become nonfuit, or difcon-tinue his aftion or fuit, or if a verdift pafs againft him9 the de** fendant (hall recover treble cofts.

VII.	Provided, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to defeat or make void any contraft or agreement made between landlord and tenant.

VIII.	Provided always neverthelefs. That fp much of this aft as relates to the indemnity of any perfon in whofe houfe or chamber any Are (hall accidentally begin, (hall continue for the fpace of three years, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament and no longer!

CAP. XXXII.

An act for regulating the qualifications of the eleftiens of tbt governor, deputy governor, direftors, and voters, 6f the governor and company of the bank of England.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and paffed in the fifth year of her Majeftys reign, intituled, An act for continuing tne duties upon houfes, to fecure a yearly fund for circulating Exchequer bills, whereby a fum not exceeding fifteen hundred thoufand pounds is intended to be raifed for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, it is provided and enafted, That it JhaU and maybe lawful for the governor and company of the bank ^/“England, and their fucceffors, for the better circulating of the faid Exchequer bills, from time to time when they JhaU fee oc-cafton, to caU in or dire ft to be paid unto the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, from and by the rejpeftive members of the faid company for the time being proportionably, any fum and fums of money which the faid governor and company in a general court, from time to timeJhall think neceffary for the faid circulation, andJhaU accordingly order to be called in, as by the faid aft (amongft divers other things therein contained) more at large may appear: ana whereas an enlargement oftheprefent capital flock ofthefaid governor and company, will reft orefever al members of the faia corporation, who haw paid or may hereafter pay in any money for the circulation of the faid Exchequer bills, to j 'uch capacities of being elefted governor, deputy governor and direftors, and voting at general courts, as their charter requires, and which by dividing of their late engrafted ft ock, many of them now want; be it therefore enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent tragedy, by and with the advice and coraent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ail fuch fums of money is the faid governor and company have heretofore called, or fhall hereafter from time to time caU in, from their refpeftive members, for the circulation of the faid Exchequer bills, (hall, as the fame have been, or fhall frojn time to time be received J by the faid governor and company, and their fuccefiors, as far as and not exceeding one million one thoufand one hundred

fewenty

1707.]	Anno	fexto	A$tiJ$r C,nj.	4151.

feventy one pounds ten (hillings in the whole, be taken and directors, » deemed as and for capital.and' principal £ock for the qualifying pr capacitating any perlbn or perfons interefted therein* to be eleifted governor, deputy governor, director or directors, or to Vote at general courts, and to and /or. no other intent ol purpofe Whatfoever.	'

II; Provided always, That nothing* herein donfained (hall Prdvlft* extend or be cooftrued to prohibit or mftrain the laid governor and companyvand their fpcceffors, from calling in or recciv- * ing from their members, ^lyTurther or other fum and furqs of money, which by virtue oi the faid laft recited a&, or otfyerwife, 1 they lawfully may or can do.

CAP. XXXUL An act for the importation of cochineal from any ports iq Spam, during the prejent war> andfix months longer.

WHEREAS cochineal being of the growth of the $pani(h Wed C^chlnetf of Indies/* ofprincipal ufein dying offlotbet, and other the woollen mauufaffure of this kingdom, fear lets, purples x and, other colours called weftlndi«« grain colourto the great improvement thereof \ and employment of great ' numbers of her MaicJIfsfubjeffs, in finijhing and perfeffing fuch woollen peanufaffure: ana whereas by the laws in being cochineal cannot be imw ported but from the places of its growth, although the fame is now fold at cheaper rates in feveral parts of Europe, and ujed a\ well it dying the Jaid manufaffures of this kingdom abroad, as alfo foreign pianufaffures at lower prices than her Majejiy's fubjeffs can, to the encouragement of foreign woollen manufaffures, the great prejudice of our own, and impoverijhment of many of her Majejlfs fubjeffs employed therein; be it therefore enacted by the Queervs moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ^nd temporal, and commons, in this prefentA.. parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That March* vjoti from and after the fix and twentieth day of March, which (hall may be im- * be in the year of our Lord one thoqfand feven hundred and ported4 eight, it (hall and .may be lawful to and for any perfon or per-Tons who (hall relide in her Majefty’s dominions, to import and bring cochineal into this kingdom in any (hip or (hips, veflel or vefiels, belonging to any kingdom or (late in amity	.	,

with her Majefty, Spanijb mips or yeffels, or fuch as are deemed iSpaniJb (hips or veflels, failing with Spanijb pafs or pafles and (^portTof colours, from any the ports or places following (viz.) Cadiz, Spam during SeviH, Port St. Mary, St. Lucar, and Gibraltar, or any other the war, ports in the kingdom of Spain, during this prefent war, and i*Car.i.c.i8# fix months after; any thing in the a# for encouraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation, made in the twelfth year of the reign of KTing Charles the Second, or any other aft, to the contrary notwkhftanding. Made perpetual by 12 Annas, flat; 1. c. 18. feft. 3.

Ec2	CAP.

Digitized by

Arad fexto ANWJfei



fl^7.



, 7 Um.

TW tack to

cap. xxxiy:

As 47 far	*	/ok	/*	ptrfons	tocowtJn

that dams to assy of the forfeited eftates, andadbapJn-Urtfts in Ireland) fold by the truftees for fakoffimfe eftates to the governor and company for mdkhtg'bottom fooori Units in England, and dhtfs'other purebnfits.

WHEREAS the governor anft company for making, hftlaw yjSSTmmeO	fooori	Hides in England, and divers other perfonf, did (i*

htefeL fmfumoa of m oQ of pariament mode in the eleventh year of the nkuW.j. ragn of the late King William the Third, of glorious memory, in-c- *-	thumb, An ad foe granting an aid to his Majefty by fate of for-

feited and other dbee* and infrrefts in Ireland, and by-a land tax, far the popofes therein mentioned, W gf feveral after alls renting to the fail fnfeiud and other eftates and interejls) purebafe ef the truftees appmattd ty the find alls, feveral honours, manors, copies, manages, lands? tenements, r/»U, reverfiousyfer-voces? remainders? poffftkns, royalties, franchifts, iurifdiHiha, ^ frndqps, W appartfuamm thereunto belonging in the kingdom of Irrhad: Ad whereas divers allions and fuits have been brootgk agmeft fmrd pmrehafen of eftates under the jaid alls of parliament, ami the title to the feme, under the faid truftees, hath been railed in futfthm, and feveral judgments have been given in Ireland agabift feme of the Jdid pmnhefers, and one of thofe judgments hath*, been affirmed em a writ of error in her Majeftfs court of Queen’* Bench in England) and djo in the houfe of peers in England, wbertby ibejaid purckcfers an in danger of having their titles to the eftates and Inter eft:,ft by them purchufid, further called in queftion and dtfputed; arts ftr the quieting thejaii governor and company, and the faUftber pmrtbafm in the pqgefftm of thefeveral eftates andmtrreftsfo by them rejpeAivriy purebafei of the fold truftees, be it enabled by the Queen's noft excellent majefty, by and with the adyi^e and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and comotjQn in this pretent parliament aflembled, and by authority of thf fame. That all and every perfon or perfons whatsoever, mho *° p«nch*ter» (hall claim or pretend any right or title to any of the ^SEltes or interefts purchafed of the faid truftees, or any part tt&jbof, or any intereft therein, or any incumbrance thereupon^ ^tr in law or equity, on pretence that the famS Were not veflfef lit the laid truftees, within the true intent and meaning bf^be laid feveral a&s of parliament, fome or one of them, or on tony other pretence whatfoever, (hall commence, file and pfio(c£flte fuch his, her or their claim and pretenfioH, withm t\^ to be computed from the four and twentieth day df thoufand (even hundred and eight, in due or hei Indefault courts of record in Ireland \ and in default thereof, thereof, to be or parties claiming, his, her, or their heirs, execntort- «Wr-debarred. niftrators and afligns, and any claiming by, from dr jttWcr him, her or them, or any of them, (hall be for ever abfofafely debarred, and without remedy either in law or equity.

1	IE	Pro-

t

For

the UiJ

70?.}	A|ino fcjcto Ann,®, c.35.	421

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed by the Provifo if uJthority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, whofe claim claimant be a 5 intended to be^ hereby limited, (hall be a feme^covert, or underage, or within the age of one and twenty years, non cmpos mentis, or non composite. 1 prifon, That then fuch perfon or perfces (hall commence

nd profecute his, her or their refpe&iveclaim, as aforefajd, dthin two years .next and immediately after he, (he or they tall be of fail age, difeovert or fane memory, or at large, as ther perfons having no fuch impediment are hereby limited to o; and in default or neglect thereof (hall be for ever barred of nv fuch claim, as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Ad to be a That this prefent ad (hall be accepted, taken, deemed and publick *&• eputed to be, as is hereby declared to be a publick ad of par* ament; of which all and every judge and judges of this king-

lorn, and the kingdom of Ireland, and other perfons, are to take lotice on all occafions whatfoever.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this prefent ad Not to preju. hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to prejudice the right, dice right of itle, or intereft of any perfon or perfons that are in adual >ofle(Iion of any meffuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments,

>r other eftates or interefts that were fold by the faid truftees.	*

CAP. XXXV.

An aftfor the publick regiftring of all deeds, conveyances, wills> and other incumbrances that Jhall be made of or that may affeft any honours, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the Eaft Riding of the county of York, or the town and county of the town of Kingfton upon Hull, after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eight, and for the rendring the regifter in the Weft: Riding more complete.

I. TTT'HEREAS the lands in the Eaft Riding of the county VV r/*York, and in the town and county of the town of Kingfton upon Hull are generally freehold, which may be Jo fecretJy transferred or conveyed from one perfon to another, that fuch as art ill difpofed have it in their power to commit frauds, ana frequently do fo, by means whereof Jeveral perfons (who through many yearns induflry in their trades and employments, and by great frugality have been enabled to pur chafe lands, or to lend monies on land fecurity) have been undone in their purchafes and mortgages, by prior and fecret conveyances, and fraudulent incumbrances, and not only them-felves, but their whole families thereby utterly ruined: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty (at the humble requeft of the juftices of the peace, gentlemen, and freeholders of the faid Eaft Riding, and of the laid town and county of the town of Kingffon upon Hull, that it may be enaded, and bfe it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritUal and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-

E c 3	thority

A^d fexto AknAi O;	£1^07.

chbriry of the tone, That 4 memorial of *11 deeds and conveyances which front and after the nine and twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand fcvcti hundred r	and eight, (haU be made and executed, ahd of all wills and

and «SunCC dcvifes m writing made, or to be made and publifhcd, whot whereby the dcvifor or teftatrix (hall die after the fad nine and twentieth lands. Sec. in day of Septembers of or concerning, and whereby atty honors, *hc Et^ Rid’ manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in the faid Soft flm^or Hull fadings °r in the find town and county of the town of KingJMe may be af- upon HulU may be any way affetfea in law or equity, nay feaed, to be be regiftered in fuch manner as is herein after dire&ed; and Deed^’ fo t^lat cVery deed Or conveyance that (hall, at any time after regnlhed^void. ^ nine »hd twentieth day of September, be made and ex-7 An. c. »o. ecuted* fhall be adjudged fraudulent and void againft any fob* Abr. Eq. 357, fequent purchafer or mortgagee for valuable confederation, un-w*: htf	memorial thereofbe regiftred, as by this a# is directed,

Hanfon 11 ^orc the regiftring of the memorial of the deed or conveyance* Feb. 1737. at fender which fiiCh fubfequent purchafer or mortgagee fhall the Rolls. claim ; and that every fach dfcvife by will fhall be adjudged fraudulent and void againft any fubfequent purchafer or mortgagee for valuable confederation* unlefs a memorial of ftich wiU be regiftred in fuch manner as is herein after dire&ed.

Method efta-	And	for	fettling	and eftabtifhing a certain method, with

biifhcd for re- proper rules and directions for regiftring ftich memorials as giltring fuch aforefaid. be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That memorial*. bne pubfick office for regiftering fuch memorials of and concerning any honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, that are fttuate, lying, and being within the faid Raft Ridings or the faid town and County of the town of Kingfl** upon HuUy fhall (at the publick charge of the faid Eqft Rirnng^ to be raifed by the juftices of the peace thereof at their general quarter feffioris of the peace, in fuch manner as they are im-powered to raife monty for the repairs of publick or county Jtegifter office *>r*<*8es) ^ wafted and eftablifhed at Beverly the neareft mar* to he at Bp. ket town to the center or middle of the faid Eqft Ridings to be vrrly.	managed And executed by a fit and able perfon, to be from time

to time ele&ed and appointed m manner herein after direried, or his fuflicient deputy, and to continue in the faid office for fo lone time as he (hall well demean himfelf therein.

Rcgifier to be Hi* And be it farther enabled by the authority aferdkid, elected by bal- That all elections of a regifter to be made or appointed by vir* loping. rue of this a£t, fhall be performed by balloting, in manner following; that is to fry, all the freeholders that at the time of any fuch eleSioh have an eftate of freehold of or in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the foid Eqft Ridings and the faid town and county of the town of Kingftm upon ffully or in either of them, of the yearly value of one hoafod -pounds, to be determined by the oath or the eleAer, before the icrutators herein after mentioned* if any doubt arife loudiidg the fame (which oath they art hereby impowtred to adminifter) {hall be pfeftors p{ thcfaid regifter ^ and that the juftices of the • '»	i	peace

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1707*1	Annafexto ANnjb.	42$

peace far the faid Eaft Riding* ia that behalf aficmbled, or the major part of them, or any five of fuch juftices to be appointed by fuch major part, mall be fcrutators of the ballot, who fhail meet on the day and place of election, and there in the prefence of the electors, (hall place one or more glafs veflels to be provided for that purpofe, into which each ele<ftor prefent ' fhail pat one open paper, containing the name of fuch perfon as he approves of to be regifter; which papers, (hall be taken out again in the prefence of the fcrutators, by a perfon by them la that behalf appointed; and the name or names of every perfon therein (hall be once tranferibed in diftinft columns, and under each name (hall be fet down the number of their ele&ors, which (hall bedeliberatdy caft-upby the laid fcrutators, and the fame (hall be read over in the hearing, and fixt up in the view of the electors then prefent, and the perfon upon whom the majority (h«H faH, (hall be declared regifter.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Time of That the deftion of a perfon to be the firft regifter (hall be rie&ion. made at Beverly aforefaid, upon the thirteenth day of July, in the

faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, m open court, between the hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. On death of That when and as often as the faid office (hall become vacant regifter a new by the death, forfeiture, or furrender of any fuch regifter,

juftices of the peace for the faid Eaft Riding aflembled at thew general quarter feffions of the peace, next after fuch vacancy (hall happen, or the major part of them, (hall in open court declare the laid vacancy, and by order of the fame feffions (hall appoint and prefix a certain day and time within the fpace of one calendar month, and above three weeks enfuing the end of 4bch general quarter feffions, for the electors to aflemble at ' Beverly aforefaid, to choofe a fit and able perfon in the manner aforefaid, to fupply the faid vacancy; and to the intent that all perfons qualified to be electors may have due notice of fuch vacancy and time of election of a fucceeding regifter, the clerk of the peace for the time being for the faid Eaft Riding, (hall forthwith caufe copies of fuch order, for the prefixing the time of fuch election, to be delivered to the refpe&ive chief con-ftables of the feveral wapentakes within the faid Eaft Riding, who (hall and are hereby required to publilh the fame in full •market in every market town within their refpe&ive wapen-tnktSy on the next market day after the receipt thereof, and to affix the fame in the mod publick place of refort there.

VL And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch regifter. Who (hall be before he enter upon the execution of the faid office, (hall be fworn* feem before the juftices of the peace for the faid riding, or my three or more of them that (hall be prefent at his election (who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oath) in thefe words:

£ e 4	YOU

Digitized by

4*4

caci.

Anno facto Amu.- & 3^.

r«707.

YOU Jh:U truly end faithfully perform and execute office and

duty that is direffed and required by you to be done by alt :f

............ -....................... ......... "

fTrUsmexf, intituled, An ad for the publick regi firing of a!l derds, conveyance*, wills, and other incumbrances that Ihal be made of, or that may affed any honours, manors^ lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the Eajt Riding of the county of Tori, or the town and county of the town of Kingjfcn upon HuQ, after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand (even hundred and eight and that you have not given or promifed drreUly or mdireftly, nor outhori&d any perfon to give or pnmife any money, gratuity, or reward whatfoever, for procuring or obtaining the food office for you.

So help you G O D.

VII. And that when and as pften as the laid regifter (hall appoint any deputy to execute the laid office, fuch deputy (hall, before he enter upon the executiop thereof, take the laid oath appointed to be taken by the laid regifter, before two or more of the juilices of the peace for the faid riding, who are hereby unpowered and requited to adminiller fuch oath.

Vm. And be it further enaded, That upon the death of any fuch regifter, and until another eledion of a fit peribn to exe7 pute that office (hall be made in manner aforefaid, the executors and adminiftrators of theregifter deceafed, together with one bectoed. fureties for the faid regifter, or their executors and admiai-ftrators, (hall appoint a proper perfon to execute the office of re-

ijifter, for whole demeanor in the execution of the faid office the ecurity given for fuch regilter deceafed (hall be anfweraUe.

And teethe IX. And be it further enaded, That the perfon to be apr oath prefenb- pointed, as aforefaid, upon the death of any regiftcr, to exe7 cute the faid office during the time the lame (hall be vacant, as aforefaid, lhal], before he enter upon the execution thereof, take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by fuch regifter and his deputy, before two or more juftices c>f the peace for the faid riding (who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame oath) and that if fuch perfon fo appointed (hall be lawfully convided of any negled, mifdemeanor or fraudulent pradice in the execution of the laid ofi}ce, during fuch vacancy, he (hall be liable to pay treble damages with fpll colts of mt to every perfon that (hall he injured thereby, tQ he recovered as is herein after direded.

X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, riaU io bere- That all and eyery memorials fo to be entred and regiibed, gutred m vel- ^ajj ^ pUt jntQ writing in vellum or parchment, and brought

ytegifter's deputy to tike laid ofth.

Executors of

deceafed register to execute office, until a new

Penalty on fjeflfih

All memo-

rum or parch* pent.

to the faid office, and in cafe of deefls and conveyances, ffiaU be under the hand and feal of fome or one of the grantors, or fpme or one of the grantees, his or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, guardians, or truftees, attefted by two wituelies, qne whereof to be one of the witnefies to the execution of fuch fieed or conveyance; which witnefs (hall upon his oath, befofo Jhf faid regifter, or his deputy, prove the figoing and fealing of

........‘.................................................. (j*&

Digitized by t^ooQle

17°7'T	Anna fe*a A’W me. c*35*	4**

fuch memorial, and the execution of the deed or conveyance ' mentioned in fuch memorial $ and in cafe of wills, the memorial thall be und$r the hand and leal of fome or one of the devifees* his or their heirs, executors, or adminiirrators, guardians, or trullees, attefted by two witnefles, one whereof (hall upon hie oath, before the faid regifter, or his deputy* prove the figning and fealing of fuch memorial, which refpefhve oaths the laidre-gifter, or his deputy, is hereby impowered to adminifter.

. XI. And be it further eriaaed, That every memorial of any What every deed, conveyance, or will, (hall contain the day of the month, memorial and the year when fuch deed, conveyance, or will bears date, contam-and the names and additions of all the parties to fuch deed or conveyance, and of the devifor or teftatrix of fuch will, and of all the witneffes to fuch deed, conveyance or will, and the places of their abode, and (hall exprefs or mention the honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments contained in fuch deed, conveyance, or will, and the namfes of all the pari flies, town-(hips, hamlets, precin&s, or extraparochial places within the faid ea/l ridings and the faid town and county of the town of Kington upon //«//, or either of them, where any fuch honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, arc lying or being, that are given, granted, conveyed, devifed, or any way affected or charged by any fuch deed, conveyance, or will, in fuch manner as the fame are exprefTed or mentioned in fuch deed, conveyance, and will, or to the fame effed; and that every fuch Regifter to Indeed, conveyance, and will, or probate of the fame, of which d°rfe on every fuch memorial is fo to be regiftred, as aforefaid, (hall be produ- aCertificate,^ ced to the faid regifter, or his deputy, at the time of entring Stc..	*

fuch memorial, who (hall indorfe a certificate on every fuch deed, conveyance, and will, or probate thereof, and therein mention the certain day, hour, and time on which fuch memorial is fo entred or regiftred, exprefling alfo in what book,^page, and number, the fame is entred, and that the faid regifter, or his deputy, (hall fign the faid certificate when fo indorfed; which certificates (hall be taken and allowed as evidence of fuch re-fpedive regiftries in all courts of record whatfoever; and that every page of fuch regifter books, and every memorial that (hall be entred therein, (hall be numbred, and the day of the month, and the year, and hour, or time of the day, when every memorial is regiftred, (hall be entred in the margents of the faid regifter books, and of the faid memorial; and that every fuch regifter (hall keep an alphabetical calendar of all parilhes, extra-jurochial places and townfliips, within the faid Eajl riding, and And keep an the fakt town and county of the town of Kingflon upon Hull, caendar of with reference to the number of every memorial that concerns parifhes, See. the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in every fuch parifh, extraparochial place or townlhip refpedtively, and of the names of the parties mentioned in (uch memorial, And file every and that filth regifter (hall duly file every fuch memorial, in or- memorial in der of time, as the fame fhall be brought to the faid office, and ordcr °*Umc* enter or regifter the feid memorials, in the fame order that they (hall refpedively come to his hand.

XII. And

Digitized by

Google

41*

Memorials, Joe. nk in Loedoo,or»at within 40 miles ot Cafe riding, may be eatied on afidarit.

In cafe of more writings than one, which concern the fame land*, See.

Memorial fuf-ficient, if land*. See. are only once named there-in.

Memorials of wills regiftred within fix months after deatli of de-vifor, Scc. valid.

c’3f-	[W-

XII.	Aad be it farther aaSd bj Ac authority nfortfdi. That a Memorial	of 6tch deed** courtjtacts and wills as AaS

be made and executed, or pabliihed in edw, or many other place not within forty oaks of the laid	which	do	or

may concern or aM any honors, manors, lands, tenements^ or hereditaments ist the bid EgJLri&nfr or the fetid town and county of the town of KbfJUn upon /£k£* dull be entzed or re* grftrcd by the aferefeid reader or his deputy, in cafe an affidavit mom before one of the judges at W/ftmhyier, or a wafer in Cbanury, ordinary or extraordinary, be brought with the hid memorial to the bid regifter, or his deputy, wherein one of the witnefib to the execution of fetch deeds and conveyances fhali ftrear, be or die few die feme eaocnttd, and the memorial fign* ed and fealed, as aforeferid, or wherein one of the wttnefies m die memorial of any will dull fwear, he or die few fuch memo* rial figned and fealed, as afenfeud; and the fame fhali be a fctf* ficient authority to the feud regifter or his deputy, to give the patty that brings fetch memorial and affidavit a certificate of the regiftring fuch memorial; which certificate figned by the feud regifter or bis deputy, fhali be taken and allowed as evidence of the regiftries of the nine memorials in all courts of mood what* fbever; any thin|: in this aft to the contrary thereof contained ih anV wife notwithftanding.

XIlL Provided always, and be it ettafted. That where theta are more writings than one for making and perfedbog any conveyance or fecurity, which do name, mention, or any ways of* left or concern the feme honors manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it (hall be a fufficient memorial and tegifer thereof, if all the faid honors, manors, lands, tenements, aad hereditaments, and the parifhes, townfhips, hamlets, or ex* traparochial places, wherein the fame lie, be only once named or njentianed in the memorial, regifter, and certificate of any one of the deeds or writings made for the perfefting of feck conveyance or fecurity, and that the dates of the reft of the feid deeds or writings relating to the feid conveyance or fecurity, with the names and additions of the parties and witneflb, and the nlaces of their abodes, be only fet down in the memorial^ registers, and certificates of the fame, with a reference to the deed or writing whereof the memorial is fo regiftred, that con~ tains or exprefles the parcels mentioned in all the find deeds, and direftions how to find the regiftring the feme.

XIV,	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted. That all memorials of wills that (hall be regiftred in manner as afbrefeid, within the fpaceof fix months after the death of every refpefthre devifor or teftatrix dying within the kingdom of Great Britain, or within the fpace of three years after the death of every re-ipeftive devifor or teftatrix dying upon or in any puts beyond the feas, (hall be as valid and enfeftual againft fubfequent pus-chafers, as if the feme had been regiftved immediately after the -death of fuch refpe&ive devifor or teftatrix; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwkhftanding.

XV. Pm-



Anoofetfo John*.c. 35. 417*

XV.	Provided always, Thai In eafe the delrifee, or perfon or Proyifo fcicaft perk)ns interefted in the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or neondkaments, devrfed by any fuch wW, as aforefaid, by reafon1 . of the concerting fuch will* or other inevitable difficulty, without his, her, or their wiffial negledt or default, (hall be difabled tO exhibit a memorial for the regiftry thereof, within the re-fpsftivet times herein before limited, and that a memorial (hail be entred in the faid office of fuch conteft or other impediment, within the fpaee of fix months after the deceafe of fuch devifor or teftatrix, who (hail die within the kingdom of Great Britain, or ’within the (pace of three years next after the deceafe of fuch perfbn who (hail die upon or beyond the Teas, then and in fuch cate the regiftry of (he memorial of fuch will, within the fpaee of fix months next after his, her, or their attainment of fuch will, or a probate thereof, or removal of the knpedirhent, where-’ by he, (he, or they are difabled or hindred to exhibit fuch memorial, (hall be a fufficient regiftry within the meaning of this adl; any thing herein contained to the contrary therert in any wife notwithftanding.

. XVIs And whereas by an alt «f parliament made in the twenty %1 jj. s.c. it. feventhyear oflhe reign	of King Henry the intituled. For

mrollments of bargains and fales, it is enabled. That manors, bands,	tenements,or other hereditam/hts, pa/s, alter, or change

from met to another, whereby any ejiate of inheritance or freehold be made or	take-offeB in any perfon or perfons, or any ufe thereof to

be made, by reafon only of any bargain end fale thereof, except the fail bargain and fale be moat by writing indented, fealti, and enrolled in one if the King's courts of retori at Weftminfter, or elfe within the feme county or counties where the fame manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments ft bargained and fold, lye or be, before the Cuftos Ro-tukmitn, and two juJEces of the peace, and the of the peace of the faid county or counties, or two of them at the whereof toe	.

dork of the peace to bo one-, which all hath been found by experience to be of little or no ufe within the faid Eaft riding, or the faid town and county of the town e/'Kingfton upon Hu\\, for that the clerics of the peace thereof rtfpelhvely for the time being, who have the keeping of the faid	inrollments within the faid refpeUtve places, are not by the

faid an anjoyned	to give any	feenrity for the keeping, nor under

tmy penalty fit the negligent keeping of the faid inrollments, nor is there by the faid alt any certain place appointed for keeping thereof; and whereas by this preftnt alt a publick office is intended to be ereHei and	efiabhfhed at Beverly aforefaid, at the pubUci charge of the fend

Caft riding, for regifiring and fafe keeping memorials of all deeds, conveyances, and wills, as aforefaid, and a publick	to be	chofen,

who, according to the dtreSions herein after mentioned, is to give fkient feenrity for the due execution’if the faid office: for rendring t^ILl.c.tS. therefore the faid adt made in the twenty feventh year of the feign of King Henry the Eighth more eftedtual and beneficial to the inhabitants of the faid Eaf riding,and of the town and county of the town of Kingfton upon Hull, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid nine ana

twentieth

Digitized by

Google

if in rolled at Weftminfler, See.

428	Anno fexto Annje. c. 35*	£1707#

After *o$ept« twentieth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thou-i7o». all fancj feven hundred and eight, all bargains and Tales of an? of'laxids, &c. m*nors> lands. tenements, and hereditaments, fituate, lying and inrolled at # being within tne faid Eajl riding, or the faid town and county BeYerly.tobe of the town of Kxngflon upon Hull, which (hall be inrolied by as the faid regifter, Or his deputy for the time being, in the faid ar pU^)]'cjc 0jhce at Beverly, (hall be as good, effe&ual, and available, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had been inrolled in one of the Queen’s courts of record at JVeJl-minjier, or before the Cujlos Ratulorum and two juftices of the peace and the clerk of the peace of the faid Eajl riding, or of the faid town and county of the town of King/lon upon Hull, or two of them, according to the aforefaid act made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, or any other a& now in force: and one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the faid riding for the time being (hall have power to take and enter the acknowledgment of the bargainor, if but one, or of one of the bargainors if more, in fuch bargains and Tales; and the faid regifter, or his deputy for the time beiag, (hall well and fufticiently inroll, by ingrafting in parchment books, all fuch bargains and Tales as (hall for that purpofe be acknowledged as aforefaid, and (hall indorfe a certificate on fuch bargains and Tales of the times of iorolling thereof, and fign the fame, and the books thereof (hall fafely keep in the faid publick office, there to remain upon record amongft the memorials of deeds there regiftred.

XVII. And be it further enabled. That all deeds of bargain and Tale To inrolled in the faid publick or regifter office, as a-forefaid, which (hall appear to be fo inrolled by an indorfement or certificate on the faid deeds of bargain and (ale, figned by the (aid regifter, or his deputy, and that all copies of the inroll-ments thereof remaining on record in the faid regifter office, (hall be allowed in all courts where fuch bargains and Tales, or copies (hall be produced, to be as good and fufficient evidence ?s any bargains and Tales inrolled in any of the courts at Wtfl-minfler, and the copies of the inrollments thereof.

Every fuch in- XVIII. And be it further enabled. That every fuch inroll-dwm^the** ment evei7 fach deed *n kid regifter office, as aforefaid, entring a me- toall be deemed and adjudged to be the entring a memorial morialthereof. thereof purfuant to this a<5t, and (hall have the fame force aad effect upon the eftate therein mentioned, in relation to all fub-fequent deeds, conveyances, and wills, and to all other intents and purpofes, as if a memorial of fuch inrolled deed bad been entred in the faid regifter office, as aforefaid, purfuant to this

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no judgment, ftatute, or recognizance (other than fuch as (hall be entred into in the name and upon the proper account fed any lands, of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceftors) which (hall be obtain-&c. in Eatt ed, or entred into after the faid nine and twentieth day of Sep* HuU^but only tm^cry ‘m ^d year of our Lord one thoufand feyen hundred from the time and eight, (lyal! affeft or bind any honor?, manors, J^nds, tenements,

Deeds fo in-rolled to be ftifficient evidence.

No judgment, ftatute, &c. after 10 Sept 1708. (hall af-

Digitized by LiOOQle

1707.]	Anno	fexto	Ann^e.	c, 35.	429

mcnts, or hereditaments, fituate, lying, and being in the faid that a memo-Eaji riding, or in the faid town and county of the town of King- nal thereot be Jlon upon Hull, but only from the time that a memorial of fuch cntlt * ^c* judgment, ftatute, or recognizance (hall be entred at the faid regifter office, expreffing and containing, in cafe of fuch judgment, the names of the plaintiffs, and the names and additions therein of the defendants, the fums thereby recovered, and the time of the figning thereof; and in cafe of ftatutes and recognizances, expreffing and containing the date of fuch ftatute or recognizance, the names and additions of the cognizors and cog-nizees therein, and for what fums, and before whom the fame were acknowledged; and that in order to the making an entry of fuch memorials of judgments, ftatutes, and recognizances, as aforefaid, the party and parties defiring the fame, (hall produce to, and leave with the faid regifter, or his deputy, to be filed in the faid publick or regifter office, a memorial of fuch judgment, ftatute, or recognizance, figned by the proper officer or his deputy who (ball fign fuch judgment, or his fucceftor in the fame office, or by the proper officer in whofe office fuch ftatute or recognizance (hall be inrolled, together with an affidavit, fworn before one of the judges at JVeftminJler, or a mafter in Chancery, That fuch memorial was duly figned by the officer, whofe name (hall appear to be thereunto fet, which memorial fuch refpeftive officer is hereby required to give fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, cogni-zee or cognizees, or his, her, or their executors or adminiftra-tors, or attorney, or any of them, he, (he, or they paying for the fame the fum of one (hilling, and no more.

XX.	And be it further enabled. That the faid regifter or his Regiftertoen-deputy fhall make an entry, and likewife (if required) fhall give ter evei^fuch a certificate in writing, under his hand, teftified by two credible certifi*^ witneffes, of every fuch memorial of any judgment, ftatute, or cate,3^ 1 recognizance brought to him to be fo regiftred, as aforefaid, and

therein mention the certain day on which fuch memorial is fo regiftred or entred, exprefling all'o in what book, page, and number the fame is entred.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch regifter (hall for en. be allowed for the entry of every fuch memorial, as is by this trie* of me-a6t directed, the fum of one (hilling, and no more, in cafe the raonals. fame do not exceed two hundred words; but if fuch memorial

fhall exceed two hundred words, then after the rate and proportion of fix pence an hundred for all the words contained in fuch memorial, over and above the firft two hundred words ; and the like fees for the like number of words contained in every fuch bargain and fale, as aforefaid, and in every certificate or copy given out of the faid office, and no more; and for every fearch in the faid office, one (hilling, and no more.

XXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Times of at-That every fuch regifter, or his fufficient deputy, fhall give due tendauce at attendance at his office every day in the week (except Sundaysthe •®ce* and holy-days) between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and the hours of two and five in the afternoon, for

the

Digitized by

Google

Regifter to enter into a recognizance of *oool. for the true execution of bis office.

Anno fexto Anna. c. 35;	f r 707.

the difoatob of aU bufinefe belonging to the laid office, and that every Inch regifter, or his deputy, as often as required, fhali make fearches, concerning all memorials that are regiftred, as aforefaid, and give certificates concerning the lame under his hand (if required by any perfon) teftified by two credible vrknefles.

XXIII. And be it further ehaAed by the authority aforefaid. That every regifter at the time of his being fworn into the /aid office, as aforefaid, (hall enter into a recognizance, with two or more fufficient fureties (to be approved of by five or more of the juftices of the peace of the faid riding, that were prefent at his eleAion, by writing under their hands and feals to be re-gifired at the next general quarter feffions of the peace for the laid riding) of the penalty of two thoufand pounds unto her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefibrs, to be taken by the fame jufti-ces of the peace that approved of his fecurity, conditioned for his true and faithful performance of bis duty in the execution of his faid office, in all things directed and required by this aA, the feme to be tranfmitted by the fame jufiices of the peace, within one month next after the date thereof, into the office* of her Majeft/s remembrancer of the Exchequer, there to remain a-ibongft the records of the faid court.

Penalty in cafe XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any fuch regifter, ©f negieaof or his deputy, (hall negleA to perform bis or their duty ui the execution of the faid office, according to the rules and directions in this aA mentioned, or commit or fuffer to be committed any undue or fraudulent practice in the execution of the (aid office, and be thereof lawfully conviAed, then fucli regifter (hall forfeit his faid office, and pay treble damages with fuH cofts of fait to every fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be injured thereby, to be recovered by aAion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of her Majefty's courts of record'at Weftminjler, wherein no effoin, protcAion, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XXv. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That when any regifter (hall die or fur-render his office, and that within the (pace of three years from and after fuch death or furrendcr no mifbehaviour appear to have been committed by fuch regifter in the execution of hh faid office, then and in fuch cafe, at the end of the (aid three

Jears after his death or furrender the (aid recognizance fo cured into by him (hall become void and of none effeA, to ail intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XXVI. And be it further enaAed, That if any perfon or per* fons (hall at any time forge or counterfeit any entry of the ac-

duty.

On death or furrender, if no misbehaviour appear

recognizance to be void.

Penalty On forging or

counterfeiting knowledgntent of any bargainor in any fuch bargafo and (ale, as entry.	aforefaid,	or any fuch memorial, certificate* or indorfetnent, as

is herein mentioned or direAed, and be thereof lawfully eon^ viAed, fuch perfon or perfons (hall incur and be liable to fuch pains and penalties, as^in and by an aA made in the fifth year 5EI1Z. c. 14. Qf Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An a&againft forgers of faff* deeds 6	and



1707-]	Anno fexto Annje. c. 35.



and writings, are impofed upon perfons for forging and publifiling of falfe deeds, charters, or writings fealed, court rolls or wills, whereby the freehold or inheritance of any perfon or perfons of, in, or to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall or may be molefted, troubled, or charged; and that if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forfwear himfelf before the faid regifter, forbear or his deputy, or before any judge or mafter in Chancery, in any of the cafes herein mentioned, and be thereof lawfully con- feives, vi&ed, fuch perfon or perfons (hall incur, and be liable to the fame penalties, as if the fame oath had been made in any of the

XXVII.	And be it	enatfted	by	the authority aforefaid, Mortgages,

That in cafe of mortgages, judgments, ftatutes, and recognw ^^whereof zances, whereof memorials (hall be entred in the faid regifter memorials are office, purfuant to this ad, if at any time afterwards a certificate entred, and (hall be brought to the faid regifter, or his deputy, figned by the afterwards refpedive mortgagors and mortgagees in fuch mortgage, plain- ™onies tlue tiffs and defendants in fuch judgment, cognizor and cognizees p^idt regifter in fuch ftatute or recognizance, their refpedive executors, ad- may male an miniftrators, or affigns, and attefted by two witnefles, whereby entry in the it (hall appear that all monies due upon fuch mortgage, judg-

ment, ftatute, or recognizance refpedively, have been paid or ,™Scc. ]s fatisfied in difeharge thereof, which witnefles (hall, upon their diicharged. oath before the faid regifter, or his deputy (who are hereby re-fpeclively impowered to adminifter fuch oath) prove fuch monies to be fatisfied or paid accordingly, and that they faw fuch certificate figned by the faid mortgagors and mortgagees, plain-tiffs and defendants, cognizors and cognizees refpe&ively, their refpedlive executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, that then and in every fuch cafe, the faid regifter, or his deputy, (ball make an entry in the margents of the faid regifter books againft the re-giftry of the memorial of fuch mortgage, judgment, ftatute, or recognizance refpectively, thatfuch mortgage, judgment, ftatute, or recognizance refpeeftively was fatisfied and difeharged according to fuch certificate, to which the fame entry (hall refer; and (hall after file fuch certificate to remain upon record in the faid regifter office.

XXVIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That if Prov,fo if any judgment, ftatute, or recognizance be regift red in the faid

regifter office, within thirty days after the acknowledgment or Jjthin^o^ays figning thereof, all the lands that the defendants or cognizors had after figning. at the time of fuch acknowledgment or figning, (hall be bound thereby.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this Not to extend a6t (hall not extend to any copyhold eftates, or to any leafes at to copyhold

a rack rent, or to any leafe not exceeding one and twenty years, cftatcs> where the a&ual pofleffion and occupation goeth along with the leafe; any thing in this a contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in all deeds of bargain and fale hereafter inrolled in purfu-

courts of record at /# er.

ance



4S*

Ahho fexto Annj&. c.35.

t«7°7

firople eftates (hall be con-ftrucd and adjudged.

Every leaf of the regifter books to be

ance of this aft, whereby any eftate of inheritance in fee-fimpie is limited to the bargainee and his heirs, the words grants bar-Ifow^deeds of ga\n^ and fell fhall amount to, and be conftrued and adjudged in fale^of^ee- courts of judicature, to be exprefs covenants to the bargainee, his heirs and afligns, from the bargainor for himfeif, Kis heirs, executors, and aaminiftrators, that the bargainor jiotwfthftand-ing any aft done by him, was at the time of the execution oi fuch deled feized of the hereditaments and premises thereby granted, bargained, and fold, of an indefeazible eftate in fee-Ample, free from all incumbrances (rents and fervices due to the lord of the fee only excepted) and for quiet enjoyment thereof againft the bargainor, his heirs and afligns, and all claiming under him, and alfo for further a durance thereof to be made by the bargainor, his heirs and afligns, and all claiming under him; unlefs the fame (hall be reftrained and limited by exprefs particular words contained in fuch deed; and that the bargainee, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns refpeftiveJy, (hall and may, in any aftion to be brought, aflign a breach or breaches thereupon, as they might do in cafe fuch covenants were exprefly inferred in fuch bargain and fale.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted. That every leaf of the aforefaid regifter books and inrolment books (hill be figned by figned by two two	peace'of the faid riding (to txrfrom time to

juices. time appointed by the juftices of the peace thereof or the major part or them, at their general quarter feflions of the peace af-fembled) who are hereby required to fign the fame accordingly; and that an entry thereof (hall be made from time to time by the clerk of the peace of the faid riding for the time being, in the order book of the faid feflions, and figned by the fame juftices of the peace that (hall from time to time fign the faid regifter books and inrolment books, to remain upon record amongft the records of the faid feflions; and that a like entry (hah be made upon record, and figned, as aforefaid, of the number of the fame books, and how called or marked, and how many pages each of them contains, that are at any time, and from time to time, ufcd in the faid regifter office.

No member of XXXJI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That ETregifcr!t0 no mem^cr °f parliament for the time being (nail be capable of being chofe regifter, or of executing by himfeif or any other perfon, the faia office, or have, take, or receive any fee or other profit whatfoever, for or in refpeft thereof; nor (hall any regifter, or his deputy for the time being, be capable of being chofe a member to ferve in parliament.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted. That this aft (hall be taken and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a pub-lick aft, and all judges, juftices, and other perfons therein concerned, are hereby required as fuch to take notice thereof, without fpecial pleading the fame.

XXXIV.	And whereas an a& of parliament made in the feami year of her prefent Majeftfs reign, intituled, An act for the pub-lick regiftring of all deeds, conveyances, and wills that (hall be

nude

Aft to be a publick aft.

» & 3 A mix c.4.



>yo7.J Apuo fdno AUHaSRi e. 3$, 37. jp?d* ofj any -honor*	tend* tenements, or beredtar

ruent* withiiuhe weft lining of the county of York9 after the nine. and twentieth dev of Slumber* ope thoufand feven hundred and four * W ^ «r* o£l made io she fifth year of far* Ann* c* **• 'prefent, Majfijtyi. reign* intituled* An ad for mrplmeots of barr gaigs and (ales within the weft riding of the county of York, in the regifter office there lately provided, and for making the faid regift er rooreeftedual, were of very good defign* tort have been found by experience to be defeflipe in feveral particulars* for which apt remedy it provided by the method of this a&9 in and for the faid eafi riding of the, county ofYork9 and the town and county of the town of King-fton upon Hull; he it therefore enaded by the authority afore- ^ ^Stfpt* faid. That from and after the faid nine and twentieth day of p?QVifion8, C September9, one thoufand /even hundred and eight, all and eve- claufes, &c. ry the provifipn?, ejaufes, articles, matters and things in this in this aft, prefent s*d contained* concerning the faid eaft riding, and the *n.d c<?n" town and county of the town of Kingfion upon Hull, and not !^e ^cited provided for or contained in the faid recited ads, or either of afts, to affed them, (hall extend unto, and affed all honors, manors, lands, all honors, tenements, and hereditaments, (ituate, lying, and being within manors, See. the faid weft riding (the mortgage or purchafc whereof (ball ^Vriding, exqeed the Ann of fifty pounds) as effedually as if the fame as if the fame and every of them were refpedively inferred and contained in were inferted the faid recited ads, and that from and after the laid nine,and In the faid aftp. twentieth day of September one thoufand (even hundred and tight* all and every perfon and perfons in the execution of the xfaid recited ads refpedively within the (aid weft riding, (hall conform upto, and duly obferve the alterations, additional pro-* vifions, orders, rules, and diredions of this prefent ad, as to the honor*, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (ituate, lying, and being within the faid weft riding, and every matter and thing relating thereunto, in like manner as is by this ad required and enjoined to be done within the faid eaft riding, as ; to the honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments,

(ituate* lying, and being within the faid eaft riding, and tov^n and county of the town of Kingfton upon Hull, or any matter or thing relating thereunto 5 any thing in the (aid recited ads, or .either of them, to the contrary thereof contained in any wife notwithftanding,,

CAP. XXXVI.

An ad for raifing the militia of this kingdom, for the year one thoufand EXPi feven hundred and eight, although the month*s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

C A P. XXXVII.

An aSt far the encouragement of the trade to America.

I’ TJOR advancement of the trade of her Majefty’s kingdom For advance-J/ of Great Britain, to and in the feveral parts of America* me«t ofthe tor the further encouragement of her Majeft/s (hips, and pfi- 0 me* yate (hips of war, the annoying and diminirtiing the wealth and Vol.XI.	r f	power



All prize offices in America fupprcffed,

Officers and Teamen, See, to have the Tole property in all pnze (hips, See,

Encouragement for the encreafe of private (hips of war.

Anno fexto AnnjA. c. 37.	Zl707-

power of her Majefty’s enemies in thofc parts, and for the en-creafe of (hipping and of feamen for thefe and other ferviees; be it enadted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That all prize offices in any port or place in America be and are hereby fupprefled and taken away, to afi intents and purpofes whatfoever, from and after the tour and twentieth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and eight.

II.	And for the better encouragement alfo of fuch (hips and veflels of war, which are or (hall be in her Majefty’s pay or fer-vice, be it further enacted by the authority aforefakf. That the flag officers, copimanders, and other officers and feamea of every fuch (hip or veflel of war, (hall have the foie rntereft and property of and in all and every (hip, veflel, goods, and merchandize they (hall take in any part of Amenta (being firfi adjudged lawful prize in any of her •Majefty’s courts of admiralty, and fubje& to the cuftoms and duties payable to her Majefty, as if the fame had been firft imported to any part of Greet Britain, and from thence exported, for and in refpelt of all fbch goods and merchandize) to be divided in fuch proportions, and after fuch manner, as her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors (hall think lit to order and diredt.

III.	And for the encouragement and encreafe of private (hips of war, be it further ena&ed, That the lord high admiral of Greet Britain, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any perfon or perfons in any part of America, by him or them im-powered and appointed, (hall (at any time during the prefcnt war, at the requeft of any Britijh owner or owners of any (hip or veflel, giving fuch bail and fecurity as has been ufually taken upon granting commiflions, or letters of marque, except only for the payment of the tenths of the value of the prizes which (hall be taken, to the lord high admiral) caufe to be iflued forth (in the ufual manner) one or more commiffion or commiflions to any perfon or perfons whom fuch owner or owners (hall nominate to be commander (or in cafe of death fucceffivdy commanders) of fuch (hip or veflel, for the attacking, furprizmg, feizing, and taking, by and with fuch (hip or veflil, any (hip or veflel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, or merchandizes belonging to, or poflefled by any of her Majefty’s enemies, in any lea, creek, haven, or river in America, not being within the fpace of one hundred leagues of any part of Afia or Africa, whereof that trade is already granted to the EefthuBe company ; and that- fuch (hip or (hips, veflel and veflels, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandizes whatsoever, with all their furniture, tackle, or apparel fo to be taken by or with fuch private owner or owners, ihip or veflel, according to fuch commiflion and commiflions, being firft ad-ydged lawful prize in any of her Majefty’s courts of admiralty

6	in

Digitized by

Google

'435

1707.] Aimo fAtto Anna. c. 37.

in or for any of her colonies or plantations in America, (hall (fubje& to the cuftoms and duties payable to her Majefty, as Altered and aforefaid, for and in refped of fuch goods and merchandizes) explained by wholly, and intirely belong to, and be divided between and a- £ ^ n# c* *7# tnong the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, and the feve- * ral perfons which (hall be on board the fame, and be aiding and aflifting to the taking thereof, in fuch (hares and proportions as (hall be agreed on with the owner or owners of fuch fhip or veflel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agents or fetors, as the proper goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, and the perions that (hall be thus entitled thereto, by virtue of fuch agreements among themfelves; and that neither her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, or any admiral, vice admiral, governor, or other perfon commiflioned by or claiming under her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, or any perfon or perfons what-foever (other than the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel* being the captor of fuch prize (hip or veflel, arms, ammunition* ft ores of war* goods and merchandizes, and the perfons claiming under him or them) (hall be entitled to any part or (hare thereof (her Maiefty*s faid duties and cuftoms being duly an-fwered and paid;) any cuftom, ftatute, or other law to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And for the more fpeedy proceeding to condemnation Ma(mer of or other determination of any prize (hip or veflel, goods and condemning merchandizes taken by any fuch privateer (hip, or by any of prize (hips, her Majefty’s (hips of war, in fuch court of admiralty, as arore-faid, and tor leflening the expences that have been ufual in thofe cafes $ be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid*

That the judge or judges of fuch court of admiralty, or other perfon or perions thereto authorized, (hall within the fpace of five days after requeft to him or them for that purpofe made* finifh the ufual preparatoiy examination of the perfons commonly examined in (uch cafes, in order to prove the capture to be lawful prize, or to enquire whether the fame be lawful prize or not* and that the proper monition ufual in fuch cafes (hall be iflued by the perfon or perfons proper to iflue the fame, and (hall be executed in the ufual manner by the perfon or perfons proper to execute the fame, within the fpace of three days after requeft in that behalf made; and in cafe no claim of fuch capture, (hip, veflel, or goods (hall be duly entred or made in the ufual form, and attefted upon oath* giving twenty days notice after the execution of fuch monition, or if there be fuch claim, and the claimant or claimants (hall not within live days give fuflicient fecurity (to be approved by fuch court of admiralty) to pay double cofts to the captor or captors of fuch (hip, veflel, or goods, in cafe the fame fo claimed (hall be adjudged lawful prize, that then the judge or judges pf fuch court of admiralty (hall, upon producing to him or them the faid examinations or copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them, upon oath* all papers 'and writings which (hall have been found,

F f 2	taken

Digitized by

Google

Anno fcxto Anm jr. c.37.	{1707.

taken in or with fach capture (or upon oath made that no fact papers were found) immediately, and without further delay proceed to (Sentence, either to difeharge and acquit fuch capture, or to adjudge and condemn the fame as lawful prize, according as the cafe (hall appear trf him or them, upon perufal of foeb preparatory examinations, and alfo of the writings found taken in or with foch capture (if any fuch writing mall be found] and in cafe fuch claim (hall be duly entred or made, and (Security given thereupon, according to the tenor and true meaning of rtus a&, and there (hall appear no occafion to examine any witnefles, other than what (hall be then near to fuch court of

Claimants to give fecurity tor payment of captors.

Refuting to give fuch fe-cunty, raptors *? give fecu-*c.

admiralty, that then foch judge or judges (hall forthwith cade fiich witnefles to be examined and (within the fpace of ten days after foch claim made, and (Security given) proceed to fuch fentence, as afbrefaid, touching fuch capture; but in cafe upon making or entring fuch claim, and die allegation and oath thereupon, or the producing fuch writings as (hall have been found taken in, or with fuch capture, or upon the (aid prepara-toiy examinations, it (hall appear doubtful to the judge or judges of fuch court of admiralty, whether fuch capture be lawful prize or not, and it (hall appear neteflary according to the circumftances of the cafe, for the clearing and determining fuch doubt, to have an examination of witnefles that are remote from fuch court of admiralty, and fuch examination /hall be defired, and that it be ftHI infilled on, on the captors parr, that the faid capture is lawful prize, and that the contrary be dill perilled in, on the claimants behalf, that then the faid judge or judges (hall forthwith caufe fuch capture to be apprized by perfons named on the part of the captor, and fwom truly to appraife the fame according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge, and (hall after fuch appndfement made, and within the fpace of fourteen days after the making of fuch claim, proceed to take good and fufficient fecurity from the claimants, to pay to the captors the foil value thereof, according to foch ap-4>raifement in cafe the fame (hall be adjudged lawful prize, and after fuch fecurity duly given, the faid judge or judges (hall make an interlocutory order for releafing or delivering the fame to fuch claimant or claimants, or his or their agents *, and the fame (hall be a&ually releafed or delivered accordingly.

V.	And it is further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That jf any claimant or claimants (hall refufe to give fach fecurity, the judge or judges fhall caufe the captor or captors in like manner to give good and fufficient fecurity, to be approved of by the claimant or claimants, to pay to the faid claimant or claimants the full value according to the appraifement, in cafe any fuch capture or captures fhall be adjudged not to be lawful prize; and the (aid judge or judges (hall thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory order for the releafing and delivering of the fame to the faid captor or captors, or their agents.

VI. And



1707*] Anno fcxto Annje. c.37.	*	437

VI.	And it is further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Capture* all fuch captures, as aforefaid, which fhall be brought into any America^to of her Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, (hall, with- t£cr£f un-out breaking bulk* (lay there, and be under the joint care and til cleared’ or cuftody of the naval officer of the port or place whereto the condemned, fame (hall be brought, and of the captors thereof, and their a- &Ct, gents, until either the fame (hall by final fentence have been cleared and difcharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that fuch interlocutory orders, as aforefaid, (hall have t>een made for the releafing or delivering of the fame ; and upon the condemnation or adjudication thereof as lawful prize, ihall (in cafe the fame were taken by any fuch privateer (hip or (hips, as aforefaid) be immediately delivered unto the cap-tors thereof, and their agents, to be oy them difpofed as their

foods and chattels, and (in cafe the fame were taken by any of % er Majefty’s (hips of war) unto fuch perfon or perfons, and to be fo divided and difpofed, as her Majefty, her heirs or fuccef-fors (hall in that behalf diredfc j and that if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers to whom refpedtivefy it (hall appertain, (hall delay the doing, performing, making, or pronouncing any of the feveral proceedings, matters, or things for, towards, or relating to the condemning or difcharging, releafing or delivering of any fuch capture in manner aforefaid, within the refpedlive times herein before limited, or as foon as the fame or any of them ought to be done (according to the tenor iuid true meaning of this adt) all and every fuch judge and judges, and other officer and officers, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fura of five hundred pounds; the one moiety thereof to her Majefty* her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cods of fuit, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall inform or fue for the fame, in any of the courts in or for any of her Majefty’s faid colonies or plantations, or in any of her Majefty’s courts of record within her kingdom of Great Britain.

VII.	And it is further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Fees payable That there (hall not be paid unto or among all the judges and to the officer* officers of fuch court of admiralty, as aforefaid, for, towards, °*.the admN or relating to the adjudging or condemning of fuch capture, as HcmninVpri^ aforefaid, as lawful prize, above the fum of ten pounds, in cafe (hips, fuch prize (hip or veflel be under the burthen of one hundred tons, nor above the fum of fifteen pounds, in cafe the fame be of that or any greater burthen; and that upon payment of either of the faid refpedtive fums, as the cafe (hall require, to the faid judge or judges, or any of them, to be by him or them difpofed or divided (as he or they (hall think fit) among the of- neg|^0fn iicers of fuch court, fuch judges and officers, and every of them,

(hall be liable to all and every the feveral penalties hereby im-pofed for ncgledling or delaying to do or perform their feveral and refpe6live duties or offices in and relating to the feveral proceedings aforefaid, within the refpeftive times herein for that purpole limited.

F f 3	Vffi.	PrO-



43$	Anno facto Amur. c.37.	t'7°7

VIII.	Provided nevertheleft, and it is hereby further enafted to	by the authority aforefaid, That if any captor or captors, claim-

m coodc^”1 ant claimants^ (hall not reft (atisfied with the fentence given xxGeo.*. c. 3. in fuch court of admiralty, it (hall and may be lawful to the party or parties thereby aggrieved, to appeal from the (aid court of admiralty, to her Majefty in her privy council, fuch appeal to be allowed in the like manner as appeals to her Majefty are now allowed from the court of admiralty within this kingdom, fo as the fame be made within fourteen days after fentence, and good fecurity be likewifc given by the appellant or appellants, that he or they will effeftually profecute fuch appeal, and anfwer the condemnation, as alfo pay treble cofts as (hall be awarded by her Majefty in cafe the fentence of fuch court of admiralty be affirmed, and fo as execution be not fofpended by reafon of any fuch appeal; any thing in this aft before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Vo mariner ^ And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, (erring on That no mariner or other perfon who (hall ferve on board, or board priva- be retained to ferve on board any privateer, or trading (hip or tetr^ortrid- veffel, that (hall be imployed in any part of America, nor any AmenaL° or mariner, or other perfon, being on (hoar in any part thereof being 00 (boar (hall be liable to be imprefled or taken away, or (hall be im-there, liable to prefled or taken away by any officer or officers of or belonging be imprefled, to any of her Majefty’s (hips of war, impowered by the lord wrieu dekrt* high adpin^ or any other perfon whatfoever, unleft fiich mariner (hall have before deferted from fuch (hip of war belonging to her Majefty at any time after the fourteenth day of February^ one thbufana (even hundred and feven, upon pain that any officer or officers fo impreffing or taking away, or caufing to be imprefled or taken away, any mariner or other perfon con-Poult}. trary to the tenor and true meaning of this aft, (hall forfeit to the mafter, or owner or owners of any fiich (hip or veffel, twenty pounds for every man he or they mall fo imprefs or take, to be recovered with full cofts of fait, in any court within any part of her Majefty’s dominions.

No privateer x. And for preventing the defertion of any mariners or fea-to entertain^ ^om ^cr Majefty’s (hips of war, to any fuch trading or deferters from privateer (hip or' veflel, as aforefaid, be it further enafted by (hip* of mu*, the authority aforefaid, That every mafter or commander df fuch trading or privateer (hip or veflel, as aforefaid, {hall before he (hall receive or entertain any mariner, feaman, or other perfon to ferve on board fuch privateer or trading (hip or veflel, endeavour (by all the wavs and means that he reafonahly and conveniently may or can; to difeover whether fuch mariner, feaman, or other perfon hath deferted from any of her Maje-fly's (hips pf war: and in cafe any fuch mafter or commander {hall receive or entertain any mariner, feaman, or other perfon, on board fuch trading (hip or privateer, as aforefaid, without fuch reasonable endeavour for fuch difeovery firft had and made, pr which he (hall know, or be informed hath deferted from any pf her Majefty’s (hips of war, fuch mafter or commander {hall

Digitized by t^ooQle

iyoy.J	Anno	festo AtfNJB. C. 37.	439

forfeit to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, twenty Penalty, pounds for every max he (hall fo receive or entertain, to be revered with cofts of fuit in any court within any part of her Majefty’s dominions.

XI.	And for the more effectual preventing merchant (hips or privateers from harbouring or entertaining any Teamen who (hall defert her Majefty’s Service, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of Aprils Fr°m *5 dne thoufand feven hundred and eight, every matter of a mer- April, 1708. chant (hip or veffel, and commander of a privateer, (hall be- &°mbr^1rccrs* fore he (hall fet fail from any port, deliver to the chief officer they fet fail of the cuftoms of the port from whence he (hall fet fail, an ex- from port to aCl lift of all the men belonging to fuch merchant (hip or veffel, deliver a lift qr privateer, containing their names, ages, and defcriptions of officerTof their perfons; upon pain that he (hall forfeit ten pounds to her cuftoms, &c. Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for every fuch man he (hall Penalty, fo receive and entertain on board, whofe name (hall not be inserted in fuch lift, to be recovered with cofts of fuit in any Court within any part of her Majefty’s dominions.

. XII. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That fuch officer of officer to re-the cuftoms do return to fuch mafter or commander, an at-turn to matter, tefted copy of fuch lift fo delivered unto him, and that upon an attefted the death or alteration of any feaman the faid lift be immediate-ruch ly altered and delivered in to the nayal officer or chief officer 1 9 &c# of the cuftoms in any port where fuch merchant (hip or veffel, or privateer, (hall arrive, in manner as aforefaid: all which faid lifts (hall from time to time be produced and (hewn to any of the Captains or other officers of any of her Majefty’s (hips of war, demanding the fame: and if any man or men belonging to any of her Majefty’s (hips of war, (hall be found on board any merchant (hip or veffel, or privateer, whofe name (hall not be contained in fuch lift, as aforefaid, the matter or commando: of fucfiveffel or privateer (hall forfeit to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch man which fhall be fo found on board, to be recovered in manner as aforefaid.*

! XIII. And for the better furni(hing Teamen to ferve oh board Trading (hip* her Majefty’s (hips of war, which (hall be in or about the fe- and packet vend parts of America, for annoying the enemy, and protecting b?ats to Ame-the trade there, it is hereby further enacted. That the mafter or commander of every trading (hip or veffel, and every packet mariners for bbat, which .(hall from time to time, from and after the (aid the Queen's twenty fifth day of April, be outward-bound, and going for there, any part of America, (hall be, and are hereby obliged (at the&c’ defire of any of her Majefty’s officers thereunto lawfully autho-> rized, and at the charges of her Majefty) to receive on board and carry to the port or place, whereto fuch trading (hip, veffel, or packet boat (hall be fo bound, and deliver to fuch officer ,or perfbn, to whom they (hall be afligned, any number of mariners. Teamen, or other perfons actually entred into her Majefty’s fiervice and pay (over and above the complement of

F f 4	mariners



On penalty.

Queen (during war) may grant cora-miflions, Scc. to take or deft roy enemies ibips. zoodS) See. in any parts of America, See.

And allure to them what fliips, &c. they (hall fo take, See.

Anno fexto Atf nj*. 6*37.	117074

mariners or feamen, which fuch trading (hip, v*flH,''oc packet boat ufually carries, or which (hall be fufficient for navigating die feme for fuch intended voyage, not exceeding the proportion of a fifth part of the number of fuch ufual or fufficient complement of mariners, or feamen) upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every fuch feaman or mariner, that he or they (hall refufe to take on board and carry,, to be pud and recovered, as aforefaid.

XIV.	And for the more effectual antloying her Majefty’s hid enemies, and abating their power and wealth in the parts of America, by numbers of private (hips of war to be equipped and fet out in a warlike manner by and at the charge of her Majefty’s fubjefts, and encouraging her Majefty’s fubjefts to engage in joint and united as well as (eparate expeaces, expeditions, and adventures for thofe purpofes; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That tier Majefty be, and (he, her heirs and fucceflors are hereby impowered from time to time, during the ,continuance of the prefent war, to grant or make any charter, cornmiHion, or grant, charters, commiflions, or grants, for the better or more effectual enabling any fociety or fodeties, or particular perfons, to join in any expeditions or adventures by fea or land, for the attacking, furprifing, taking, or deftroy-ing any (hips, goods, moveables and immoveables, fettiements, factories, creeks, harbours, places of ftrength, lands, forts* caftles, and fortifications, now or hereafter of or belonging to or pofTefTed by any of her Majefty’s enemies, in any part or parts of America, and for the better making and carrying on any preparations for fuch purpofe and purpofes, and for the making and afTuring to the fbcieties and perfons which may be concerned, their heirs, fucceflors, executors, adminiftrators, and af-figos, full and undoubted properties, rights, and titles of, in and to, and the full enjoyment of all and every the (hips, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, chattels, moveables and immoveables, fettiements, factories, places of ftrength or fecority, lands, forts, caftles, and fortifications, now or hereafter of or belonging to, or poffefled by any of her Majefty’s enemies in any of the parts of America, which fuch fociety or perfons (hall take or caufe to be taken from any of her Majefty’s enemies during this prefent war, together with all the proceed, profits, and advantages, which may accrue of or by the fame, or any of them, with and under fuch regulations, and in fuch manner mad form, as her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, (hall think fit, and at any time or times afterwards (although the prefent war ftiQuld be then ended) by any further grants or chanters to confirm, corroborate, and further afliire the premifies, and every or ?oy of them to the faid focieties, and perfons concerned, their jind every of their fucceflors, heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, fo as to enable them, and every of them, to have, hold, and enjoy the full benefit thereof, according to the. true intent and meaning of this aft.

XV.	Pfo,

Digitized by v^ooQie

17°7-;T	Anno	fexto	Anna	c.	37:	441,

• XV. Provided always. That nothing (hall be contained in (v,cen’8fub_ ^ny charter, commiflion or grant, made in purfuance of this je&s t0 cnjoy a&, to exclude or reftrain any of her Majefty’s fubje&s from a free trade to having a full and free trade to and in any part of America. America,

XVI.	Provided ncverthelefs, and it is hereby declared to be No to the true intent and meaning of this a&, and be it further ena&- moleft the Tubed by the authority afore&id. That it (hall not be lawful to any je&s of Spain, commander of any of her Majefty’s (hips of war, privateer or th*ir tradc» merchant (hip having letters of marque, to attack, furprize, feize, fCiolalfach* take, deftroy, or offer any,violence, fpoil, or moleftation whatfoever and the river between Rio la Hacha, and the river Chagre on the Spani/b coaft Cbagre. in America, or within five leagues at fea of any part of that ihore, to any (loop, barcolongo, canoa, or other boat, goods, pr merchandizes belonging to any of the fubje&s of Spain, who (hall be concerned in any intercourfe of trade with any of her Majefty’s fubje&s, or to any (loop, barcolongo, canoa, or other boat, goods, or merchandizes belonging to any of her Majefty’s fubje&s which (hall be found going to, or coming from any port pr place within the limits aforefaia.

• XVII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the third 4 & 5 Amu and fourth years of her Majejlfs reign, intituled, An a& for pro- c, 13. hibiting all trade and commerce with France, it is, among/} other things, tuafted, That the feveral contraband goods or merchandizes therein particulary enumerated, Jball not be carried by any of her Majejlfs Jubjefts to any port or place belonging to the crown of Spain, nor any trade whatfoever be permitted or allowed with the fubje&s of Spain, for the faid contraband goods or merchandizes 3 and forafmsuh as Jome doubts may arife concerning the extent of that chute, be it therefore hereby further declared and ena&ed by the authority aforelaid, That the fame (hall not extend or be con-ftrued to reftrain any of her Majefty’s fubje&s from carrying gny of the faid contn&and goods or merchandizes to any port or place within the limits afbrefaid, but it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of her Majefty’s fubje&s to trade with the fubje&s of Spain, for the faid contraband goods and merchandizes, or any of them, within the limits aforefaid; any tning in this, or in the faid laft recited a&, or in any former a&, to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And whereas good and neceJTary laws have been made, and Commanders are ftill in force withinfeveral of her faid Majejlfs colonies or of privateers, plantations in America, for the preventing and carrying off from the ^ t0 ^ faid colonies or plantations, any fervent or Jlave, without the confent {^^Vela-of the owner, or the carrying off from thence any other perfon what- j\on to (laves. fiever, until fuch perfon Jball have taken out his ticket from the fe-cretarf s office within fuch refpeftive colony or plantation, in fuch„ manner, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as in and by the faid feveral laws is declared and provided; be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That all commanders of private (hips of war, or merchant (hips having letters of marque,

(hall, upon their going into any of thofe ports or harbour?, be fubje&, and they are hereby determined to be fubje& to the fe-

verai

Digitized by C.ooQle

44*

Anno fe*to Annm. c. 37;	[ 1707.

veral jdireftions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, in and by fuch laws made and provided; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

_ .	XIX.	And	for	the	better	fupply	of manners and feamen to

privateerTor ^crve *n her Majefty’s (hips of war and on board privateers, trading Ships merchant (hips, and trading veflels, and for the better carrying may be navi- on the ptefent war, and the trade of Great Britain, during the gated ^fb- continuance thereof; be it further enafted by the authority a-So m one"*"’ farced, That during the continuance of this prefent war, and fourth be	no longer, it (hall and may be lawful for any privateer or mer-

Britiflu	chant, or trading (hip or veflel, to be navigated by foreign tea-

men or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or her Maje-fty’s natural, or naturalized fubjefts, fo as the number of fuch foreign feamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate fuch privateer or merchant or trading (hip or veflel, and that one fourth at leaft of the mariners or feamen fo employed, be at all times natives, or her Majefty’s naturalized fumefts of Great Britain

!’fudden death, and the hazard and cafualties of war and the eas faved and excepted) one a A of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the xtCar.i.c.1 S. Second, intituled, An act for the encouraging and encreaflng ef flipping and navigation, or any other ftatute or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

Fdrei f * XX. And for the better encouraging of foreign mariners men Srring	an<* fcan'en *° come and ferve on board (hips belonging to the

% year* on	kingdom of Great Britain; be it farther enabled by the autho-

board any rity aforefaid, That every fuch foreign mariner or feaman who fhall ^rom and after the faid twenty fifth day of April, have faith-naturaKborn folly ferved on board any of her Majefty’s (hips of war, or any fubjtas.	privateer or merchant, or trading (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels,

whjch at the time of fuch fervice (hall belong to any of her Majefty’s fubjefts of Great Britain, for the fpace of two years, (hall, to all intents and purpofes, be deemed and taken to be a natural-bom fubjeft of her Majefty** kingdom of Great Britain,% and have and enjoy all the privileges, powers, rights, and capacities which fuch foreign mariner or feamen could, (hould, or ought to have had and enjoyed, in cafe he had been a natural-bom fubjeft of her Majefty’6, and actually a native witbin the kingdom of Great Britain. i XXL And for the more expeditious providing of (hips and ®Qay veflels to be equipped and ufed as and for privateers for the fhips bought fpeedy annoying her Majefty’s enemies, and putting irt execution in foreign the purpofes by this aft intended, be it further enafted by the PfcdV° authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for her Ma-teen.°rpn?a* jefty, her heirs and fucceflors, to grant to any perfon or perfons who (hall be aftually engaged in any adventure, in puifuance of this aft, a licence to buy or procure in any foreign parts, any (hip or (hips (firft giving fecurity to her Majefty, that fuch (hip and (hips (hall be employed fa luch adventures) fo as the whole

number

Digitized by

Google

443

number of foreign fhips fo to be bought and licenfed, (hall not exceed the number of twenty; and that iiich (hips which (hail be fo bought by licenfe of her Majefty, as aforefaid (having been equipped, fet out, and employed as privateers, during the continuance of the prefent war) (hall (after the fame war ended) be to all intents and purpofes deemed and taken as (hips of Britifl And at the built, and have all the privileges of (hips buMt in any part of end of the Great Britain, and be capable of being ufed and employed ac- r?rB^.)Jccm' cordingiy; the faid aft made in the faid twelfth year of the reign (hip^ of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft iiCar.t.c. it. for the increafe and encouragement of flipping and navigation, or any other ftatute or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted and de- Queen's fub-clared, That it (hall ana may be lawful to and for all her Ma- maJr jefty’s fufcje&s of this kingdom, to trade into any part of America* JJtVf Ame-to which they might lawftilly have traded before the making of nca.

this a&, and not otherwife.

XXIII.	Provided always. That nothing in this a<ft (hall any a& not to ways extend, or be conftrued to take away or prejudice any of prejudice the the eftate, rights, or privilege* of or belonging to the governor Hudfon's Bay and company of adventurers of England trading into Hudfon't comPany* Bay*

*

T

Anno Regni ANNJE Regina Jeptimo.

AT the	parliamentfummoned to be held at Weftminfter

the eighth day of July, Anno Dom. 1708. in the fe-ventb year of the reign of our fovereign lady Anne, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

Queen, defender of the faith, &c. and by fevered writs of prorogation begun and bolden on the fixteentb day of November, 1708.* being the frfi fejfion of this prefent»/*

parliament. ,	toiSttS

nued by feveral adjournments till the twenty firft day of April, in the eighth year of her Majefty's rejgp.	>

CAP. I,

An a£fc for granting an aid to her Majefty, to be railed by a land tax in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine. 4•• in the pound. EXP.

cap. n.

An a& for the fpeedy and effe&ual recruiting hep Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and nine. EXP-

CAP. III.

An a& for charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, fQr the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and pipe.

XIII. AND

Digitized by

Google

^4;	Anno	%dmo	Annjr	c.^J	[ryol

Inferior offi-	A	ND	whereas fevergl doubts have been made, anddxAnta

ccr* commif-	JLA An;/	may anfe, whether on the death or dtodfi

iions not of his late majejly KingWilliam the Third (of glorious memory) the vacated by the tommifftonsgranted to the cotleftors* fuperviforsy gageri, or other in-demifeng * ferlor tfutri of the excife* before his Jaif late Majeftfs denufe* Jkdb have continuance longer than fix months after the death or demtfe oj bis faid late Majejly: for fettling whereof, be it declared by the authority aforeuid, That no cotnmiffion to any fiib commiuioner, colleftor, fupervifor, gager, or other inferior officer, that hath been conftituted in purfuarice of any commiflion under the great feal of England* by the chief comtniffioners and governors of and for the receipt of the excife, (hall be determined, pr made void by reafon of the death or demife of his faid late Majefty; but that every fuch cotnmiffion doth remain in full force and virtue, until the authority and conftitution of loch officer were or (hall be revoked or annulled by the chief cousin iffioners of the excife for the time being.

Purchafert of annuities on 6 Ann. may have their quarterly payments due between Chriftmas, 1708. and 30 Sept. 1710. advanced, alio wing <fif-count at 4]. per cent.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An act for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and falfe muften, and for the better payment of the army and quarters.

CAP.V.

An act for naturalizing foreign proUftants*

WJFTE REAS the increafe of people is a means of advancing the wealth and Jlrength of a nation; and whereas many grangers of the protejlant or reformed religion, out of a due ampderdion of the happy conjlitution of the government of this realm, would he induced to tranfport themfelves and their ejlates into this kingdom., if they might be made partakers of the advantages and privileges which the natural-born fubjefts thereof do enjoy; be it enafted, Qc.

AH perfons taking the baths, and making and fubferibing the declaration appointed by 6 Ann*, c. 13. (hall be deemed natural-bom fubjefts. Mo perfon to have the benefit of this aft, unlets he have received the facra-ment, Ac . — Repealed by 10 Ann*, c. 5. Except nvbat relates to the cbgdra of her Majefty7 natural-bom fubjefts, born out of her Majefifs allegiance, fide 1 Geo. 1, fat. a. c. 19.

Children of HI- And be it further enafted by the authority aforefekf, natural-bom That the children of all natural-bom fubjefts, born out of the fubjefts bom ligeance of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, (hail be deemed, abroad, to be adjudged, and taken to be natural-born fubjefts of this king-rabborn fubU" d°m> to *ntcnts> conftruftions, and purpofes whatsoever, jeftij explain* IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ed by 4 Geo. That all perfons born out of the ligeance of her Majefty, her a. c. x*. heirs or fucceflors, who (hall qualify themfelves in the courts of Chancery, Queen s Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, within the This aft to kingdom ot Ireland., or at feme general quarter feffions of the extend to Ire- peace, to be held for the county where he or they do or (hall land.	inhabit,	refide,	or	fettle	within the faid kingdom, in like man-

ner

Digitized by

1708*.] Anrto feptimo Ann.®. c.6,7/

ner as perfons are by this aft required to do withirt the kingdom or Great Britain, all and every fuch perfons (haJl be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be her Majefty’s natural-bom fub-jefts of the faid kingdom of Ireland, to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes, as if they, and every of them, had been, or were bom within the (aid kingdom of Ireland.

CAP. VI.

An act for explaining and making more effeftual that part of an aft pajfed in the fifth year of her prefent Majefty's reign, concerning the buying and felling of cattle in Smith-* field, and for giving leave for bringing up calves dead to London as formerly.

HERE AS by an aft pajfed in the fifth year of her prefent 5 Ann. c. 34. Majefty* s reign, intituled, An act for the continuing the laws therein mentioned relating to the poor, and to the buying and felling of cattle in Smithfietd, and for fupprefling piracy, /? is, amongfl other things, enafted, That from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufand ftven hundred and /even, no perfon ufing the trade of a butcher, Jbould fell or offer to Jale, in any market, or elfewhere, either by himfelf, or any fervant or agent whatfoever, within the cities of London or Wefhninfter, or within ten miles thereof, to any perfon or perfons exereijing or ufing the trade of a butcher, any fat cattle or Jheep, either alive or dead, upon pain to f orfeit the value of the cattle, or of each Jheep Jo fold or offered to Jafe, jj aforefaid: and whereas fome doubts have arifen concerning the extent of that clauftr, therefore for the avoiding of any dif-pute or queftion that may arife concerning the conftruftion thereof, be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid claufe, or any thing therein contained, One butcher /hall not be taken or conftrued to extend to the felling of calves, may fell to N (heep, or lambs dead by one butcher to another, but that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon, ufing the trade of a butcher, to fell or offer to fale in any (hop, ftall, or market in lambt. London, or elfewhere, either by himfelf or any fervant or agent whatfoever, within the places in the faid aft mentioned, calves,

(heep, or lambs dead, in fuch manner as they might have done before the making of the faid aft; any thing in the faid aft, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

4+5

CAP. VII.

An act for enlarging the capital flock of the bank of England, and for raifing a further fupply to her Majefty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine.

M

A Y // pleafe your mofi excellent Majefty, whereas by or in For applica-purfuance of an aft* of parliament made in the fifth year	b	utbcs

Digitized by

Google

44*

Anno fcprimo Axha. c. j.	[r^oS.

ff Amm tie rag* of their lute mayefim King Wiffiam and Quteh May, of ft. i.c. it.	glorious memory, imModrd, An ad for granting to weir Majdha

C 5.	feveral rates and duties upon tannage of (hips and veflfcls, and

5 w\ ft M. upoa beer, ale, and other liquors, for fcctmng certain rccoro-c 909	pences	and advantages in the find ad mentioned, to fiich per-

fons as (hall voluntarily advance the Aim of fifteen hundred thou (and pounds, towards carrying on the war againft Frame, the carperafim er body politick §J the governor and company of the hank of England tom netted and efiabUJhed with fucb capacities, I Geo. 1. Cm t. powers, privileges, benefits, and advantages, and JnbjeQ to fuch rt-[fingions, and in fucb manner and form as are therein mentioned; and in pmrjkance of the fame aft the fum of one million two hundred thoufimd pounds was advanced and lent to their faid late A4aje-fties, for which there is now payable to the find governor and company, and their fuuejfbrs, the yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds out of certain rates and duties of excite, which were tberebj gt anted to their faid late Majefties, their heirs and fuccoffors \ in which aft it was provided, That at any time upon twelve month; notice, after the firft day of Augoft, m the year of our Lord $m thou fond/even hundred and five, upon repayment by parliament of the faid fum of one million two hundred thoufand pounds, and of all the arrears of the faid yearly fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, then the faid one hundred thoufand founds per annum, and the faid corporation., Jbould absolutely ceaft and determine: and whereas by another aft made in toe eighth year of the reign of bis faid late majefty S & 9 W. 3.	William	the Third, intituled. An ad for making good the

c. to.	deficiencies of feveral funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging

the capital dock of the bank of England, and for railing the publick credit, the faid corporation was enlarged and eftabbjhed with divers other powers, privileges, benefits, and advantages, and fubjefi to finch other reftriftions and rides as are therein particularly txprtff-ei\ in which aft lajl-mentionei it was provided and enabled. That at any time upon twelve months notice, after the firft day of Auguft, which Jbould he in the year of our Lora one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament of the fad fum of one million two hundred thoufimd pounds, and of all arrears of the Jaid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and alfo upon payment of all the principal and inter eft monies whichJbould be owing u the faid governor and company of the bank of England, upon all fucb tallies. Exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company Jhould have remaining in their bands, cr be entitled to at the time of fuch notice to be given, as afortfaid, then* and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid one hundred thoufand founds per annum, and alfo the faid corporation, Jbould ceafe and determine: and whereas by an aft made in the fifth year of your 5 Anna, c. 15. MajcJly's reign (intituled. An ad for continuing the duties upon houfes, to fecure a yearly fund for circulating Exchequer bills, whereby a fum not exceeding fifteen hundred thoufand pounds is intended to be raifed for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occasions) feveral duties upon houfes therein mentioned er referred unto, are continued from the loft day of July, one thoufand

feven

1708.]	Anno feptwrio Ann®. c.7.

feven hundred and ten,, and from thenceforth ntade payable to your Majefty, your heirs and fuuefforsfor ever, for the purpofes in that aft expreffed, fubjeft to the provijo or condition of redemption therein contained; and the duties jo continued, together with fucb remainder and arrears of houft money, as are therein mentioned, are thereby charged with the yearly fund, after the rate of four pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, to be paid to the, faid governor and company of the bank of England, for circulating all fetch Exchequer bills as Jbould be ijfued by or in purfuance of that aft\ and by the fame aft a power was given for making forth Exchequer bills for any fum not exceeding fifteen hundred thoufand pounds for your Md-jefiy's fupply 5 and it was thereby enafted, that like bills Jbould be made out quarterly for fo much as Jbould be computed to be due and owing upon and for the fold allowance of four pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, until the feqft of St. Michael the arc).U angel, one thoufand /even hundred and ten inclufevely, in the manner therein mentioned; and it was therein enafted, that the faid governor and company, after the faid Exchequer bills, or any of them, Jbould be iJJued upon that aft, as aforefaid, Jhould, from time to time, exchange all ftuh Exchequer bills as they Jbould be required to exchange by any perfon or perfons whatfoever for ready money, and that the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, Jhould continue and remain a corporation until all the faid Exchequer bills Jhould be redeemed and cancelled in the manner in that aft mentioned; and in the fame aft there is contained a provifo, that at any time, upon one year’s notice and payment of the principal money to be due on the faid Exchequer bills, and of fo much as jhould be due for the faid allowance, after the rate of four pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, for circulating the faid Exchequer bills, then, and not till then, the faid Exchequer bills Jhould be cancelled and difcharged, and the faid allowance after the rate of four pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, Jbould ceafe ana determine \ and fo much of the faid duties on houfes as Jhould have been applied for the payment of the faid four pounds ten Jhillings per centum per annum, in cafe the fame had continued, Jhall from thenceforth be underjlood to be redeemed by parliament, and Jhould not be ijfued, paid, or applied to any ufe or purpofe whatfoever but by authority of parliament •> and it is alfo thereby enafted, that the faid governor and company might call in from their refpeftive members proportionably, any fums of money as they Jbould think neceffary for the faid circulation; and that until all the Exchequer bills by that aft direfted to be ijfued, Jhould be paid off, difeharged, and cancelled, no more or other bills of the like nature Jbould be made out and ijfued at the receipt of her Majeflys Exchequer, either with or ivilhout the authority of parliament, unlej's with the confent of the faid governor and company; and that nothing in that aft contained floould hinder the redemption of the faid original fund of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, or of any other funis granted or to be granted by parliament, upon which the find governor and company had or Jhould have lent any monies, and which were redeemable by parliaments but that, the fame might be redeemed from the faid governor and company, according to former afts fot: that

pur-

Digitized by

44.8

New fubfcrip-tions for doubling the pre lent ftock of the bank.

New fubfcrip* tions to be added to the capital ftock of the bank.

Total ftock 4>40»#343l*

Anoo fepdmo	h f !8

without redeeming theftftd four pounds tep Jfflmgs Jjcr. centun> per annum* neyertbelffs* without determining^ Juffidvmg the corporation of the faid governor and company» until the faid foj^ pound: ten Jbillings per centum per. annum,. Jhmld he redeemed from them* <fs by the faid feveral afls, relation being tb/yeua(p re~ ffettively bady more at large may appear: and whereat the jasd go~ vernor and company* for the better enabling fhemfelves to fupply tbf publick exigenciestl did lately confenttp admit new fubfcriptions for doubling their then prefent ftock of two millions two hundred and one thoufand one hundred Jeventy one pounds ten Jhillings* at fie rate of one hundred and fifteen pounds to be paid for every one hundred pounds fubfcribedy and upon a commijfion granted by your fiiajefiy^ under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date the Jixteet\th day of February, in the feventk year of your reign% to Sir Thomas Abney, and others directed, grounded upon an addrefs of the comr mens of Great Britain in parliament ajfembledy feveral perfons havf fubfcribei feveral fumSy amounting to two millions two hundred and one tboufand one hundred feventy one pounds ten Jhillings for doubling the faid ftocky as aforefaidy and have paid down to the Jaid governor

and companyy at or before their refpective fubfcriptioniy one fifth parf of the fums by them refpettively fubfcribed% and are to pay the re? maining four fifth parts thereof together with fifteen Pounds. PV centum more (being in all one hundred and fifteen pounds fir every one Imndred pounds fubferibed) in manner hereoftef^ ffu/iUptyd', afl which fubfcriptions are contained in books of vellum or parjfimenf fir that purpofty atiefed by three or more of the faid cwtdfawM &ld now remaining in, the cuftody of the governor and company of the bank of England, whereof there are two duplicates made in vellum ojr parchment, attefied by feven or more the faid commUftor^rs% anft one of the faid duplicates is delivered into the office of. fby auditor of the receipt, and the other of them into the office of fitjkrk of the fells in your Mojefiy’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever : noyr for the better purfuing the ends, and intent of the faid fubferib-ers in making fuch Xubfcriptipns and payment, as aforefaid, it i£ hereby enabled, at the humble fuit of the faid ,g9W&or and company of the bank of England^ and be it $na£t<ed by t^e Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana cpi*-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common^ in this prefent parliament affembled, and by authority qf the fame, That the feveral fums fubferibed or faid books, amounting to the faid fum of. typo,twp hundred and one thousand one hundred fev^njy Qno^^»ds.Jjf1 (hillings, (hall be added and united* and be ju^ed ^i deerriH to be added and united to the (lock of the jgo&qrnor company, which before fuch addition conliftcd6njni of two millions two hundred and one thoufand OPc	fe

venty one pounds ten lhillings, as aforefaid»& ^af^e capijjf ftock of the faid governor and company fa iiwq^fedi £h$Ijie and amount, and be deemed to amount in the vjffcole to {uoa of four millions four hundred.and two thoufand.^tu^e Ijmndty^ forty three pounds; and that all and every the gerfon aha pylons.



4+9

1708.*]	Anno	(optima	c;	7.

Ions, natives and foreigners, who have fubfcribedor Written My Turn or fums of money, or for whom any fum or films of money have been fubfcribed or written in the faid books of fub-fcnpdon, for or towards the making up the faid fum of two millions two hundred and one thouland one hundred feventy >nc pounds ten (hillings, therein compleatly fubfcribed, and who have paid to the faid governor and company one fifth >art of each fubfcribed fum, as aforefaid, and the executors* idmmiftrators, and afligns of fuch perfon and perfons refpc<5tive-y, (hall be, and be deemed and reputed to be members of, u-litcd to, and incorporated with the faid governor and company >f the bank of England, and (hall at all times, together witn prefent mem-he other members of the faid corporation and body politick, ber* of the ind their fucceflbrs refpe&ively, be, dhd be adjudged, conftrued, eputed, accepted, and taken to be one body politick and cor->orate, by the name of The governor and company of the bank /*Englana.

II.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That stock afligii* he capital (lock of the faid governor and company, now a- able. Mounting, as aforefaid, to four millions four hundred and two houfand three hundred forty three pounds, (hall be aflignable

nd transferable in the fame manner as the original capital (lock ►f the faid governor and company was aflignable and transferable before the making of this a&.

III.	And whereas the faid governor and company of the bank of England fo enlarged or confiituted, being the better enabled by fuch ew Jubfcriptions and payments thereupon, at aforefaid, to ferve the ubl'uky are willing to advance and lend to her Majejly a further funt n the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, upon fuch ermsy conditions, and advantages as are hereafter in this aft expreff-d in relation thereunto, and are willing to accept an annuity aftet he rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, out of the faiadu-ies on houjes, for all the faid Exchequer bills that have been made

uty or are to be made out, in purfuance of the lafl recited aft, and 5 Anri, fc.ij#

0 deliver up the faid bills as fafi as they can get them into theft uftody, to be cancelled, upon fuch terms, conditions^ and advantages S are alfo hereafter in this aft expreffed, in relation to fuch annuity 0 be fettled,* and fuch bills to be cancelled, as aforefaid5 and are al/o villing to undertake a circulation, (in the manner and form herein fter mentioned) of two fruitions five hundred thoufand pounds in 0-her Exchequer bills to be tjfiied for the ufe of the war, and other mr Majejly's oteafions, upon fuch terms, condttionsj and advantages s are likewife hereafter in this aft expreffed in relation thiteknto ; nd are likewife wilting upon the tike terms, conditions, and advantage s to undertone the circulation of fuch Exchequer bills as fball be made ut quarterly, as well to difebarge the allowance of three pounds per entum per annum which fhati be due to the find governor and ompany for circulating the Exchequer bills to be ijfuedy in purfuance f this aft9 from the time fitch bills fball begin to be ijfuedy as alfo to \ifthargey or raife money to difebarge the interefl of two pence per Hem for every one hundred pounds to be Urn upon the faid billsi Vol. XL	Gg	until

45®

Anno fcptiino An H A. cl.7.	£170!.

m2 the fiends* which hj this aft are failed and intended fa difiharp the find aBowances fur gradation and inter eft* fhall take effeQ+en he fufficiesa for theft pstrpojis : now we your Mstjefty’s moi dutiful and loyal fdfajeefs the commons of Great Britain in par foment affembled, being defirous, not only to raife the nccefhn fiipplies with as much eafe to your Majefty’s fuJbjeiffs as is pci fihle, for the carrying on and finilhing the prefent war with £ao cefe, but alb to ufe inch ways and means in the doing thereof, as that your Majefty may have the better and more fpee&y died of the (aid fupplies, do mod humbly befeech your Majefty due it may be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the authority aforcuid, Bank to ad- That the laid governor and company of the bank of Englad 5nTCtb«>Ex>OJ* cn^ar8c^ or conftituted, as afbrciaid, and their fucceflbrs, tod chequer, See, advance and pay into the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchtqoa, for her Majesty’s ufe, the full fum of four hundred thouhnd pounds, or So much thereof as (hall remain after deduction a fuch difcount as is hereafter in this a6t allowed to be made ou of the lame, fuch payment to be made by fuch proportions, anc Times of oar at ^uc*1 ^mcs» 23 are ^crcin after appointed for payment there-pay~ of; that is to fay, one third part thereof on or before the tenth day of May* one thcyifand feven hundred and nine, one other third part thereof on or before the eight and twentieth day a June* one thoufand feven hundred and nine, and the itadae thereof on or before the five and twentieth day of jfqgtj/i, one thoufand feven hundred and nine.

Bank to have	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&ed

a difcount of by the authority afbrefaid, That out of the faid fum of four 6 per cent. &c. hundred thoufand pounds, the faid governor and company ball till i Auguft, have jmd receive back, or (hall and may retain and keep to *7iIm	their own ufe, by way of difcount, fo much as the rate of fa

pounds per untum^ per annum* for each fum of money which (bail be atShially advanced and paid for or upon account of the fud fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, fhall amount unto* from the day of the a&ual payment thereof, until the firfl faf On nonpny- of Auguft* one thoufand feven hundred and eleven: and in cak ment nny be the (aid governor and company of the bank of England bail (uetJj	make failure in any of the faid payments, fo by this aft ap-

pointed to be made into her Majefty’s Exchequer, as afopefaid* at or before the refpe&ive days or times before limited in that behalf, the money whereof fuch failure in payment fhall be made, (hall and may be recovered to her Majefty’s ufe, by action of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or inferalattoo, in any pf Iter Majefty’s courts of record at IFtftminfter^ wherein no cflbin, protection, privilege, or wager of law fhall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which a&fc»n» bill, tot, er information, it fhall be lawful to declare. That thefaid governor and company of the bank of England* are indebted to her Majefty tire monies of which they (hall have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be fufticient; and in or upon fuch action, bill, fuit* or iitforinvion* ther^fhaU be i^

to



lypg*]	Arwo fcptimo Ann!®. c. 7. *

ta be* Majtfty’9 ufe, againft the faid governor and companyfcf the bank of England* damages after the rate of twelve pounds ptr cttyluwu* for the monies fo unpaid contrary to this a<St, be-fidfs fujl cofts of fu'itj and the laid governor and company of the bank of England* and their fucceffors, and their faid dock and funds, (ball be and are hereby made fubject and liable thereunto.

V. And for the encouragement of the faid governor and company of the hank of England* to advance and pay the faid fum jf four hundred thoufand pounds, with fuch difeount out of ;lie fame, as aiforefaid, and to perform the other fervices in this id mentioned, and to the end the faid governor and company, ind their fucceflbrs, may have a competent recompence and aonfideration for fo doing, it is hereby declared and enaded by :he authority aforefaid. That the (aid feveral and refpedive pro-/ifoes or conditions contained in the faid recited ad of the fifth /ear of the reign of their faid late raajefties King Wiliam and 3peen Mary* and in the faid ad of the eighth year of the reign >f his faid late majefty King William* and each of them, far letermining the faid fund of one hundred thoufand pounds ter annum* and the faid corporation of the governor and com->any of the bank of England* upon the refpedive notices and layraents in the fame refpedive ads mentioned, (hall be, and hereby repealed and made void; and that the faid governor Mad company of the bank of England* fo enlarged as aforefaid, u>d their fucceffors, for ever, (hall remain, continue, and be one ^>dy corporate and politick, by the name aforefaid, and (hall for (lave, receive, and enjoy the faid entire yearly fund of qj\e lundred thoufand pounds out of the faid rates and duties of. exile, together with a perpetual fuccelGon, and all abilities, capa-uties, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, wofits, and advantages whatfoever whereunto the governor and :ompany of the bank of England are, or before the making qf bis a<ft, were entitled by the faid a& of the fifth year of the •eien of thqir (aid late majefties King William and Queen Mary* Mid by the faid ad of the eighth year of the reign of his (aid ate majefty King William* or either of them, or by any other id or ads of parliament, grants, or charters whatfoever now in :orce j aU which are by tnis ad ratified and confirmed to the aid governor and company fo enlarged, and their fucceffors 'the laid allowance after die rate of (our pounds ten (hillings ter esnuptn per annum* for circulating of Exchequer bills, and be	Qnfy	concerning	fiich circulation, given by the faid

id o£ the* fifth year of her now Majefty’s reign, excepted) freed mb difofcarged of and from the faid provides and conditions qf redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and*all other prqvifoes, powers, a&s, matters, and things yvhat^Mcr heretofore had, made, done, or committed, for re*-learning, determining^ or making void the faid corporation or ycany n^rul of one hundred thoufand pounds, and the laid abilities* capacities, , powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions,

G g 2	pri-

45*

and pay damages at the rate of xal. per cent.

Provi foes in 5 W. & M. c. 20. and 8 W. 3.C. 10. for determining the yearly fund and corporation, repealed.

Privileges of the bank confirmed.

5 W. &M. c* 20.

8 & 9 W. 3,

C. 20.

45*

On is months notice after x Aug. 173*. and on repayment, See. yearly fund to ceafe.

Reptdlidby 1% Ann. flat, x. c. 11. f. S}. madfartbir frwifions relating btrtUf

and corpora, tion to determine.

Anfto feprimo ANtfffi. C. 7.’

privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of thftri \ Hibjcft neverthelefs to fuch reftriftions, rules, and directions, and aMb to fuch other agreements, matters, and things, as in the laid afts and charters, or any of them now in force, are contained or preferibed; and alfo fubjeft to the power and condition of redemption hereafter in this aft contained in this behalf.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That at any time upon twelve months

. notice, after the firft day of Auguft, Which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty two, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament to the find governor and company of the bankot England, or their fxiccefibrs, as well of the faid fum of one million two hundred thoufand pounds formerly advanced, as of the fum of four hundred thou-fand pounds before-mentioned, amounting in the whole to thz fum of fixteen hundred thoufand pounds, without any deduction, difeount, or abatement whatfoever, to be made out of the faid fum of fixteen hundred thoufand pounds, or any parttbere-of; and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fucceiTors, of all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and intereft money, which (hall be owing unto them upon all fuch tallies. Exchequer orders, or parliamentaiy funds, which the (aid governor and company, or their fucceiTors, (hall have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of fuch notice to oe given, as aforefaid, (fuch funds for redemption whereof other provi-lion is afterwards made, in and by this aft, only excepted) then arfd in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds (hall ceafe and determine.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after fuch repayment by parliament, of the faid fixteen hundred thoufand pounds, and payment of all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and of all the principal and intereft on fuch tallies. Exchequer orders, and parliamentary funds aforefaid, (hall be made to the governor and company of the bank of England, and alfo redemption (hall be made by parliament of the annuity of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen (hillings and five pence per annum, hereafter in this aft fettled arid madepay-able to the faid governor and company, and their foeoefiors, in * manner and form herein after-mentionoJ, and likewife from and ] after all the Exchequer bills, which are to be made1 forth inpnr-fuance of this aft, (hall be entirely dtfcharged and ctatxlM in | manner herein after-mentioned, and payment made tb the faid

Jtovemor and company of the faid allowances hereafter made or circulating the faid Exchequer bills, that then, and not till then, the faid corporation of the governor and company el tht bank of England, (hall ceafe and determine, but till men, die faid governor and company (hall continue a corporation, and (hall have and enjoy all the powers and privileges th4y areitow

.	..	v-	weutkkd

f 7o&]	Anno fcptimo Ann.*. c. 7.	453

entitled unto by virtue of any charter, aft, or afts of parliament heretofore granted or made.

VIII.	And whereas the Exchequer hills which were made forth in 5 Ann, c. 13, purfuance of the faid oft of the fifth year of her Maieftfs reign, for her Mqjefly's fupply% did and do amount to the faid full fum of fifteen hundred thoufand pounds, and the quarterly bills authorized t+ be made forth in purfuance of the fame aft> for the faid rate of four pounds ten /hillings per centum per annum, and the allowance thereupon, until and for the quarter ended at Lady-day one thoufand feven hundred and mne indufivey do amount to the further fum of one hundred twenty three tboujand three hundred thirty feven founds eighteen /hillings and one penny half pennyin both, to one million fix hundred twenty three thoufand three hundred thirty fevtn pounds eighteen Jhillings and one penny half penny, as by a certificate figned by the auditor of the receipt of her Majefifs Exchequer, bearing date the firft day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and nine, doth appear; and the tntereft of the faid fum of one million fix hundred twenty three thoufand three hundred thirty Jeven pounds, eighteen Ihillings, and one penny half penny, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum for fix quarterr, to be reckoned from Lady-day one thoufand feven hundred and nine, to Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and ten, being computed and made principal at the end of each quarter ^ . doth amount to one hundred fifty one thoufand fix hundred eighty nine pounds, nineteen jhillings, and nine pence more; and being added U the fum lafi-mentioned, the whole will amount to the fum of one million feven hundred feventy five thoufand twenty feven poundst feventeen Jbillingsy ten pence half penny, for which an annuity or yearly fundy computed after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, doth amount to one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen Jhillingsy and five pence per an-. num: now for the encouragement of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, by this and the faid former afts eftahlifhed, as aforefaid, to pay off, difcharge, and cancel all the Exchequer bills which have been iffued, or were authorized to be ifliied by the faid aft of the. fifth year of her Mtaje-fty*s reign, as aforefaid; and to the end the faid governor and 5 Ann, c. it, ‘Company, and their fucceflbrs, may have a competent recom-pcncc and confideration for fo doing, and for their fqid allowance after the rate of four pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, and for all their demands relating thereunto, according to the true meaning of this aft $ we your Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fdbjefts the laid commons of Great Britain in parliament amtttMed, do humbly pray that it may be eqafted; and be it du&bd by the authority aforefaid. That froip and after the faid feaft of flamt Michael the archangel, which (toll be in the year of after Michael-con Lcfrdone thoufend feten hundred and ten, the faid governor B^eiuitled *ndcompany of the bank of England, by this and the faid for- toaycarly aa-nef afts ttftabWbed, a* aforefaid, and their fpccefibrs, for ever, nuity of (fobjiftjoeHfrthelefs to the provifo of redemption herein after 106,5011.13 s, containedrln.this behalf} (hall have, receive, apd enjoy, and be 5utt°on ton* fhtidfd by virtue of this aft, to have, receive, and enjoy one faf ^

G g 3	annuity

For ditch arg-ingall the Exchequer bill* ifltoea by 5 Ann*, c. m.

Digitized by

Google

45+

ir «n 'r

£ W

*rr*',

si

* - ».

is

j: ^ s

5 - *

C-5

*

Anoo feptimo Anna, a 7. *

jon . ry or vcaiiy fum of one hundred and fix thoufead five hundred and oae pounds, thirteen (hillings, and live pence, of lew-ffe money ot Gnat £ri/jf*, which (hail be, and is hereby charged upon, and (hail be paid and payable from time to time in the fint piaoe, and with preference to all other payments whatfoeVer, oat of the laid duties on houfes granted or continued unto her Mijefty, her heirs and fucceftbrs, for ever, by the faid a& of the srh year of her Majcfty*s reign, which is to take effect from the bid lad day of Jmk, one thoufend feven hundred and ten, as mfoce-*- **• bid, and upon and out of fuch remains and arrears of houfe-mo^ **	ner. as by the ad lad-mentioned were intended to be charged with

die payment of the faid allowance of four pounds ten (hillings frr	fur juttor, in cafe that allowance had continued; the

fed annuity of ooe hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and or* pound?, thirteen (hillings and five pence per annum, to be pa*J and payable at the four mod ufuai feafts or days of nay-mem in the year; that is to fey, the feafts of the birth of our Lord Christ, tbe annunciation of the blelfed virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint Jehn Bapthi, and Sgint Michael the archangel, by even and equal portions ; the firft quarterly payment thereof to be made at the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which (hali be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ten; and that the uid annuity or yearly film of one h««f>dredaand fix th auland fi e hundred and one pounds, thirteen (hiUiags and five pence, and every part thereof, (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and hnpofitions whatibever.

IX. And for the better and more regular payment of tht faid annuity of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen (hillings and five pence, to the faid governor and company of the hank of England, and their fucccuors, fee ever (fubjecl as aforefeid) an order or orders (hall be figned by the treafurer and under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more ot' the com mi (lion ers of the treafury for the rime beings and after the figning thereof, tbe fame (hall be firm, good, va-JkI, a id effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this a&, and ihall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treafurer or under treafurer of the Exchequer, or any commiftioner or commit-fioners of the treafury, or by or upon the determination of die power, office, or offices of them, or any of them; nor (hall any lord high treafurer of Great Britain, treafurer of the Exchequer, or any comm ill ion ers of the treafiiry now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, and make Void fuch order fo figned as aforefeid.

' X. And for the more fpeedy payment of the faid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred and fix thoufeftd five hundred and one pounds, thirteen (hillings and five pence, to the faid governor and company, as aforefeid i it is hereby declared and enabled, That weekly or otherwife* as the money of the faid duties (hall from time to time be brought into the Exchequer for payment of the faid annuity of one hundred and fix thou-

fend

Tax vee.

Treiferer^iC. to ^ga offer* to pajoenf.

•Payments to

be made weekly.



455

}o9.T	Annoieptiirib	Annj*.	c.7;

ind rfivediuarirod^nd onepounds, thirteen /hillings and five ►encey the fame Thailand may be iilued upon the faid order of »• rdcrs for or towards die i dhcbarging of the faid annuity, to tow due for ancL at the end of the quarter in which fuch pay-neats dhaii be made,. foas fuch weekly or other payments do ict’exceed the him of the quarterly payment which fhould grow foe for or at the end of every fuch quarter refpe&ivelv,

XI. And be it eaa&cd by the authority aforefaio. That it Bank may af-nall and may be lawful to and for the faid: governor and com*? lign the yearly any* of theibank of England and their fucceflors, at any time r times, by writing under their common feal, to afiign the faid nrvuity or yeaHyrfum of one hundred and fix thoufand fivejnm-bed andi one pounds, thirteen (hillings and five pence, or any att thereof, or any intereft therein, to any perfan or perfon\ vhsttfbever, and ib toties quoting and no fuch alignment (haU be evocable, fo as an entry or memorandum thereof be made ig hr‘books to be kept for that purpofe in the faid office of the au-litor of the receipt.

XHi And it is hereby higher ena&ed, That the faid annuity Annuity a tf one hundred and fix thoufimd five hundred and one pounds, perfonal airtecn (hillingsandfive pence perannum^ and every part there- c^at€»

>f, (hall be adjudged to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and hallrnot be liable any foreign attachment; any law or cufioua o the contrary r notwithstanding.

XUI.Aod fbrrthebetter fecuring the faid annuity of one hun- Duty on bred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen houies conti-hittiifcgs and five pence ptr atmum> unto the faid governor and n“cd for dip-ompany of tbei bank of En^oni* by this and; the faid former “JSJ K^s.eftablilhed* as,aforefaid ; it is. hereby ena<Sbed and declared >y the authority aforefaid. That fuch duties on houfes, and fuch comma and arrears of Houfe-money, a$ by the faid a# of the ifth year of her Majefty’s reign were charged with the faid ai- s Amue,c. *j. owance of four pounds, ten millings per etntum per annum, (hall ontmue and be payable toher Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, or fatisfying and difeharging the faia annuity of one hundred ind Inc thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen (hillings tnd five pence per ammm> and (hall be raifed, levied, received, fiued, accounted for, appropriated, and applied thereunto, un- Sge % %y ler the fame rules, dhreihions, penalties, forfeitures, and difabi- c. 3. ities, as are preferred by the faid a<ft of the fifth year of her Vlajefty’s reign, touching the railing, levying, collecting, ifluing, ippropriating, applying, and accounting for the fame; never-h eld's freed and difeharged of and from the provifo or condition rf redemption, which was fo contained in the faid adfc of the fifth year of her Majefty** reign, and all other provifoes and renditions of redemption whatfoever (the provifo or condition Hereafter in this a<ft contained for redeeming the faid duties on fioufes, and the faid annuity payable out of the fame, only ex-repted;) the faid a (ft of the fifth year of her Majefty*s reign, or my thing therein contained to the contrary notwithlfcmding.

Gg*	XIV. Pro*

Digitized by

Google

4S6

On is nsonths notice, and repayment of

I#775-0*7L 171. 10 d- ob. /Lnnoiry to

and the (aid duties on bouies to he umlerftood to be redeemed.

Original fund. See. may be redeemed without re. dempboo of the annuity.

5 Ann. c. 13,

Anno fepdittb AtftfJE. C.J&	jf r^ert

XIV.	Provided always, and it U hereby ^a&ed ^ the authority afortiaid. That at any time, upon one ycaf*s notice to the (aid governor and company, ortheir foccefiors* apd upoa full payment to them of the laid fmm ofonrmilfcoo feven hundred feventy five rhoufand twenty feven pounds, feyemeen ftd-lrngs, and ten pence halfpenny, and of all arrears of the /aid annuity of one hondred and fix thoufand five hundredand one pounds, thirteen (hillmes, and five pence per annum* if anyihaJl be then due, then and not till then, the faid annuity of ooe hundred and fix rhoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen (hillings, and five pence per annum* (hall from thenceforth ceade and determine, and then alfo the (aid duties on houfes (hall be underftood to be redeemed by parliament, and (hall not be iflhed, paid* or applied to any other ufe or purpofe whatsoever, but by authority of pailiament; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XV.	Provided neverthelds. That nothing in this ad contained for or concerning the redemption of the (aid duties on houfes, or the faid annuity hereby charged thereupon, (hall in any wife prevent or hinder the redemption of the laid original fond bf one hundred thoufand pounds per annum* purfuant to the abovefaid provifo in that behalf, or of any the funds herein after fettled, for circulating the Exchequer bills hereafter to be made out, in purfuance of this ad, but that the fame respectively may be redeemed from the faid governor and company, or their fuccefiors, according to the refpedive provifoes or conditions in this ad contained for thole purpofes, without redemption of the faid annuity of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounas, thirteen (hillings, and five pence per annum.

XVI.	And to the end all the Jaid Exchequer bills which have hen [[filed by or in purfuance of the Jaid a& of the fifth year of her Mo-fifty s reign* which amounted* as afortfaid* to fifteen hundred theu-fand pounds* for her Mqjefifs fupply* and to one hundred twenty thru thoufand three hundred thirty feven pounds, eighteen JhrOings* and obi penny halfpenny* in quarterly bills* computed to Lady-day, one thousand feven hundred and nine* as afore faid, may be jpeedily paid *ff, difeharged, and cancelled; and that her Mafifiy and her Exchequer may be effe flu ally difeharged of and from aH demands of any quarterly bills which were intended to be ijfued by that off* after Lady-doty, one thoufand feven hundred and nine* until and for the quarter to end at Michaelmas, one thoufand feven hundred and ten inchtfivefy; end that the faid duties on houfes by tbit aft madia fecurity for payment <f the faid annuity of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds* thirteen [hillings* and five pence per annum, may be fret and clear from all pretences to the faid former allowance of foyer pounds ten /hillings per centum per annum, and all other inaembransis whatfoever; it is hereby provided and epaded, &c.

Bank tp deliver tip all Exchequer bills in their hands on 3a March, 1709* to be cancelled, and difebarge all the reft as fait as they can be gotten in. Treaftiry to fix a peremptory day, after 14 Jane, for cancelling tW remainder.

Digitized by v^,ooQle

4$7

I	Anno	l$pSww	Mna,

mainder. Bills loft, See. before 31 March, 1709, on oath before a baron, and fecurity, bank to pay the fame, &c Allowance of 4I. 10 s. per cent, determined. '5 Ann*, c. 13. bills to be ifTued out at the treafury, not exceeding1*, coO,00© I. Such bills to bear intereft at 1 d. per diem for every 1001. Bank to have an allowance of 31. per cent for circulating, &c. But foch allowance to ceafe in proportion as the faid bills fliall be difeharged EXP. and cancelled.

XXII. And for the encouragement of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, by or in purfuance of this and the faid former alls conjlituted, as afor Jaid, and their fucceffiors, to undertake the circulation not only of the Jaid bills, not exceeding two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be ijfued for her Majejly s fiupply, as a-for efaid, but alfo of the quarterly bills to be made forth in Juch manner and form as are herein after-mentioned; and to the end a fufficient fund may be fettled, and provifion made, as well for the payment of the interejl after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, to be born upon all the bills to be ijfued in purfuance of this aft, and the premium or allowance, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, which the faid governor and company, and their fucceJforsy are to receive for circulating the fame in the manner and form herein after expreffed, until all the faid bills to be ijfued in purfuance of this aft, Jball be paid off and cancelled; and for cjlablijhing a fufficient fund for paying off, and cancelling all the Exchequer bills to be ijfued forth in purfuance of this aft in reafonable time \ we your Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjedls the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do further give and grant unto your Ma-jefty the feveral fubfidies, duties, impofitions, and fums of money herein after mentioned; and do moll humbly befeech your Ma-jefty that it may be enaded, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid in manner following, that is to fay, IVherects by an Recital of made in the fixth year of her Majejly s reign for continuing (amongjl6 Anna;, c.s*. Qther things) the duties called The two third fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, it was enafted. That (over and above the fubfidies, fubfidies. and.other payments therein mentioned) there Jhould be paid to her Majejly one other fubfidy called Tonnage, for and upon all wines which from and after the fiventh day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eight, at any time or times within or during the Jpace of three years from thence next or immediately enfuing, Jhould be imported or brought into Great Britain, that is to fay, two third parts of fiuch or the like feveral and refpeftive duties as by an aft of the ninth year 9 Sc 10 W. 3. of the reign of his Jaid late majefiy King William the Third, were c* *3* granted to his Majejly during his life, and by an aft of the firfi year of her Majejly*s reign, are continued and payable during her Afaje- , Ann*, ftat^ Jly s life, for and upon any kind of wine or wines refpeftively; and 1. c. 7. one other fubfidy called Poundage, of all manner of goods and merchandizes that Jhould be: imported or brought into Great Britain, at any time or times from and after the faid feventh day of March,*?//*’ thoufand feven hundred and eight, within cr during the faid term of three years, by way of merchandize, that is to fay, two third parts of fuch or the like feveral and refpeftive duties as by the faid aft of the ninth year of his faid late Majejlys reign were granted, and by the faid aft of the firjl year of her Majejlfs reign continued, andjay-• ’	1	*	'	* able

Digitized by G,ooQle

/

Anno feptimo Aiwa. c. 7;	[	1708:

<7>j> for and upon the fame goods and merchandizes rtfpeStvely (except tobacco, and Jucb currant as Jhould be imported in Ertglitti huh Jbtp~ pingj navigated according to the laws then in force, and fugar from the Enghfh plantations, and fuch goads and other merchandizes* as bp %	the two ails loft-mentioned, or either of them, were exempted from

Two third	payment of the fubfidies thereby granted:) now it is hereby en-

fubfidie* goo* aded by the authority afore&id, That the faid Aibhdtes aad da-tinned for ties granted by the (aid aft of the fixth year of her Majefly's T\nn. c. it. retgn for the term of three years, as aforefaid, (hall be continued upon all wines, goods, and merchandises imported or brought into Great Britain (except before excepted) at any time or times from and after the expiration of the faid term of three years, and (hall be paid and payable from thenceforth to her Majeftr, her heirs and fucceflors, for ever, for the purpofes in this ad exprefled, fobjed neverthelefs to the provifo or condition of redemption herein after contained and relating thereunto.

Subsidies how XXfll. And be it enaded by the authority aforefakl, That to be raifed. fame fubfidies or duties by this ad continued, as aforefaid, and every of them refpedivdy, (hall be afeertaioed, fecured, raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid, and accounted for, by fuch rules, ways, means, and method^ and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch distribution of the faid penalties and forfeitures, and fubjed to fuch drawbacks, allowances, arid repayments, and m fuch manner and form, in ail refpeds, a$ the irlce fubfidies or duties continued by the faid ad * Ann. c. ix. the 7*** ^er Majeft/s reign* are thereby, or by any other ad or ads, laws or ftatutes, whereonto that ad ham reference, preferibed, eirtded, or appointed to be afeertaioed, factored, raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid, and accounted for duriha the continuance thereof; and that all fuch of the powers, aitedions, penalties and forfeitures, claufcs, matters, and things, provided, fettled, or eftabltfhed by the faid ad of the fixth year of her-Majefty’s reign, or by any other ad or ads now in force whereunto that ad hath relation, for the better raifing, levying, recovering, anfwering, or paying the refpedive fubfidies or duties thereby continued, or for making any drawbacks, repayments, or allowances out of any of the faid fubfi-r dies or duties upon exportation, (hall be revived and be continued, and be in force and virtue during the continuance of this ad, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes* as if the faid powers, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, claufcs, matters, and things, and every of them, were again repeated and re*enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

European lin- XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au-n^ads &c	thority aforcfeid. That all European linens, fitters threads, and

exempted.	tapes, or incle, linfeed and flax, (hall be exempted from the pay-

Explained by ment of the faid duties, called the two third fubfidies, during ix Anna, Hat. the continuance of the fame by virtue of this ad.

*• c* tt10 XXV. And whereas the faid fubfidies or ditties lajl-mentioned were Tnc!f[°U& b faid aft of the fixth year of her Majejlys reign madefubjeft 6 Anna. c,ia. ana liable (inter alia) to the fettering, payment and fatisfaftion of all

tk

i^o8.]	Anno ftptimo Anna, c. ji ‘	455^

tht principal and irUereft monies, whith Jhosdd, from time to time, remain unfatisfied, of and for certain loans not exceeding the jum of ft,ft hundred thirty fix thoufand nine hundred fifty feven pounds 4 four fbMimgs, and a halfpenny, borrowed upon a former aft therein men- • tinned: now it is hereby further declared and enabled by the ™	*1

authority aforefaid, That immediately from and after the time 6Annar%.»*. that the fum now remaining unfatisfied of the loans, not ex*: are fati*fied, ejecting the (aidfutnof fix hundred thirty fix thouiandnine hun^ the remainder dred fifty feven pounds, four (hillings, and a halfpenny, and the *° ** referved imereti thereof (hall be fully paidoff and difcharged, orthatfuf- Weso&to hr. tent money (hall be referved in the Exchequer for that pur-> out of the monies arifing or to arife by the lafttmentioned ivibi*d;es or duties, then all the monies which from thenceforth* during the remainder of the faid term of three years, lhall or rpay ar.fe by the faid Jaft-inentioned fubfidies or dudes (except the neceflary charges of raifing, levying, collefting, and account-iftg for the fame) (hall, from .time to time, be paid into the re-ctfipt^of her Majefty’s Exchequer, diftinftly, for the.purpofes m chis act expreffed, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whsKfoeyer.

XXVI.	And whereas by the faid aft of the fixthyear ofherMa«• 6 Ann. c. »• jeftys reign, it was, amongfl other things, enafted, That the duties upon coffee* cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloVea, mace, and pictures, and upon rmjlins, and the increafed or new additional rates and duties upon all coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa g g«o. i« pdftd, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and piftures, and the c. 15. f. 17. further rates amfums charged or impofed for and upon all white cal-Ifroes, porcelain* commonly called China ware, and drugs (except drstgs for dying) in the pud aft mentioned, fbould be continued, and he paid and payable Unto her Mayfly, her heirs and fuccffors, for and upon the fame commodities and merchandizes refpeftwely, vsnich fbould be imported into Great Britain, from and after the twenty third day op June, one thoufand feven hundred and ten,, at any time or times within or during the term of four years from thence next and immediately enfuing : now it is hereby enafted by the authority Duties on cof* aforefaid, That die faid dudes upon coffee, cocoa nuts, choco- fee, tea, See. late, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and continued for pi&ures* and rauflins, and the faid increafed or new additional rbeadduioHal -rates and duties upon all coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa duties repealed pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pifturcs, b 10 Geo. 1. and the faid further rates and fums charged or impofed upon all c *°* white callicoes, porcelain, commonly called China ware, and * l6^°* *' drugs (except drugs for dying) fo continued by the faid aft of and new ones tiie fixth year of her Majefty’s reign, for the term of four years, impofed„ as aforefaid, (hall be further continued, for and upon the fame PruS*for dr-commodities and merchandizes refpeftively (except before eXf subie&^a cep ted) which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, provifo of rest any time or times from and after the expiration of the faid demption* term of four years, and (hall be paid and payable to her Maje-fty, her hotrs and lucccflbrs for ever, for the purpofes in-this

Digitized by



Duty oq coffee, ice. how tobenifet

6 Ann. c. it.

4 Ann. c. n.

After the former loans are fatisfied, the remainder re-fsrrved for the purpofes of this ad.

3 Sc 4 Anpy,

Anno feptkno AnwA. c.y.	fi 708,

ad exprefled, bbjed neferthdefs to the provifo and condition of redemption herein after contained and relating thereunto.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbre&d. That the (aid laft-mentioned rates, dudes, and Aims of money, by this ad continued, as aforefaid, and every of them refpeo-dvely, (hall be afeertained, fccured, raifed, levied, recovered, anfaqned, paid, and accounted for, by fuch rules, ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fiich diftribudon of the (aid penalties and forfeitures, and fub-jed to fiich drawbacks, allowances, and repayments, and in fuch. manner and form in all refpeds, as the like rates, duties, and films of money continued by the (aid ad of the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign, are thereby, or by any other ad or ads, laws, and Aatutes whereunto that ad hath reference, prescribed, en-aded, or appointed, to be afeertained, fccured, raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid, and accounted for, during the continuance thereof, and that all fuch of the powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, provided, fettled, or eftablifoed by the faid ad of the forth year of her Majefty’s reign, or by any other ad or ads now in force, whene-unto that ad hath relation, for the better afeertaining, railing, levying, recovering, anfwering, or paying the refpedive rates, duties, and films of money upon coffee, cocoa nuts, and other the laftrmentioned commodities thereby continued, or for making any drawbacks, repayments, or allowances out of any of the (aid rates, duties, and fums of money, upon exportation, (hall be revived, and be continued and be in force and virtue during the continuance thereof by this ad, in as full and ample maimer, to all intents and purpofes, as if the (aid powers, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, and every of them, were again repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

XXVIII.	And whereas the rates, duties, and films of mangy upon coffee and other the enumerated commodities lajl-mentioned, wen by the faid aft of the fixth year of her Mojefiy's reign made fubjeft and liable to and for the fecuring, payings and fatisfying all the principal and interejt monies which Jbould, from time to time, remain tm* fatisfted of or for certain loans, not exceeding the fium of feven hundred thousand pounds, borrowed upon a former aft therein mentioned * now it is hereby further declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That immediately from and after the time that the fum now remaining unfatisfied of the loans, not exceeding the (aid fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds, and the intereft thereof, (hall be folly paid off and difeharged, or that fuffirient money (hall be referved in the Exchequer for that purpofe, then all the monies which from thenceforth, during the then remainder of the faid term of four years, (hall or mav arifoby the laid duties on coffee and other the commodities lau enumerated (except the neceffary charges of raifias, levying, coQe$ingf an* iwering, and recounting for the fame; (hall from time to time, be paid into the receipt of her M^efty’s Exchequer* diftip&ly

m

Digitized by v^ooqLg

iJro8.]	Anrto feptkrto ANN^E. G. f. 40*

for the purpofo in this aft expreflfed, and for no other Ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfotever.	1

XXIX. And whereas fiveral fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and ether duties end fums of money upon wines, goods, and merchandizes, were given and granted to his iate majefiy King Charles i* Car.*, c. 4. the Second, of bkjfed memory, for his life, by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of his reign, intituled, A fubfidy grafted to the King, of tonnage and poundage, and other fums of iri6-ncy payable upon merchandizes exported and imported, arid Vy the hook of rates thereunto annexedwhich fubfidies of tonnage dm poundage, and other duties and fums of money upon wtnesy goods, dM merchandizes, as well exported as imported (with fame att&atMi) werey by Jevbral fubfequent afts, granted to continue until the fitfi day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and ten; and by an aft made in the fifth year of her now Majefifs reigny intituled, An aft 5 Ann# c# 17# for continuing feveral fubfidies, impofitions, and duties, and for making provisions therein mentioned, to raife money by way of loan, for the fervice of the war, and other her Majeftjr's necef-fary and important occafions, and for afeertaining the wine mea-fure, the find fubfidies of tonnage and poundagcy and other duties and fums of money lafi-mentioned, were enafted to continue and he payable to her Majefiy for and upon all winesy goods, and merchandizes which Jhould be imported at any time or times between the lajt day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and teny and the firjt day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and twelve: And whereas fy an aft made in the fixth year of her Majefifs reign, intituledy An aft $ Ann, c. 19* for continuing the half fubfidies therein mentioned, with feveral impofitions, and other duties, to raife money by way of loan for the fervice of the war, and other her Majefty’s neceffary and important occafions, and for charging of prize goods and feizures, and for taking off the drawbacks of foreign cordage, and to ob* viate the clandeftine importation of wrought filks, it wds ehafttdy amongfi other things, That over and above all other fubfidies, additional duties y impofitions, and payments whatfoevery by any former or other aft or afts of parliament or otherwi/e howfoever, then due or k payable, or which then ought to be paid to her Majefiy for or upon any wines, goodsy or merchandizes what foever, imported or to be im± parted, there Jhould be raifedy leviedy colleftedy paid, and fatisfiei unto her Majefiyy her heirs and fuccejfors, for and upon alt vnnesy goodsy and merchaniizesy which at any time or times from and after the lafi day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and twehe, ana before the firfi day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred andfouTteM,

Jhould be imported or brought into Great Britain, one moiety dr haffs Ann. e. tf$ part cf fkch and the tike Jkteral and refpeftive fubfidies, dutiesy tind fum ofmoney, as by the find aft of the fifth year of her Majefifs reign Were charged or payable Witbtti or during the term thereby granted or limited^ * for or utmti the* tike imported wines, goods; aria mer^ thandhses rej'peftively [except fitch goods and other merchandizes as By ehefaid att of the fifth year of her Majefifs reign, or by any lath in face at the making of the faid aft of tire fixth year of her Maje- 6 Ann. c. 19* fly's ndgJey wri'OHompteit Jtfrk the payment ofnfotfvbfidiis' or dutret *	which

Digitized by CjOOQle

Anao ftpcjiap AWA. e. f.



Half fab6die* of ( Am. cootzaoed for

«*

A Am.c

Sobjed to re-

Sif draw-backs, k. as by the farmer ads.

• Ain. c. 19.

4ft

tsCar.	warfrfi gisrOed in tkt. twelfth year of the reign* of Sag

Charles the Stands asaf^refeid: now it is hereby eaa&edL by the authority aforriaid, That the (aid one moiety or half part of the £ud fubtidics, dirties, and (urns of money, granted by tbe feid bA-mcntiaDed act of the Exth year of her Majefty’s reign upon wines, goods, and merchandises imported* as afordaid, into Groat Britain (except as in the fame ad is excepted) (hail from and after the lad day of 7*£r, one thousand (even hundred and fourteen, be further continued and charged, and (hall he paid and payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucGeflors, for ever, for the purposes in this ad exprefied, fabjed nevertheless to the proviib or condition of redemption herein after contained, and tdatifie thereunto.

XXlC. And it is hereby cna&ed by tbe authority afordaid, That in 3II cafes where by the (aid lari-mentioned ad of the fixth year of her Majcd/s reign, any drawbacks or abatements art to be made of the whole, or any part of the duties thereby imposed on any wines, goods, or merchandizes imported, these (hall be in the like cafes, tbe like proportional drawbacks and abatements made of the whole or part of the duties by this ad impofed upon the fame wines, goods, and merchandizes reffectively ; and that the laid moiety or half part of the (aid fubddfes, duties, and fa ms of money by this ad granted, lhali be railed, collected, levied, leaned, and paid within and throughout tbe whole kingdom of Groat Britain, by the fame ways, means, and tr> torlev>mg methods, and under fuch penalties, and forfeitures, and with tbe duty con- fuch allowances, and fubjed to fuch rules and directions, as in t“Mlcd*	and by the And iari-mentioned ad of thefixth year of her Majefty t

reign, or by any other act or ads therein referred unto, are ppc* feribed or appointed, for tbe railing, levying, collecting, feeur-jng, and paying the faid moiety or half part of the feme fubfr dies, duties, and fains of money granted by the lame ad of the € Ann. c. 19. fiictb year of her faid Majefty’s reign; and that every article, •rule, and claufe contained in the faid laft-mentioned ad of the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign„ or in any act or ads of pariia-roept therein mentioned, or thereby referred unto, for raiAog, nollcding, levying, fecuring, and paying the (aid moiety or bag part of the faid fubftdies, duties, and fums of money upon wipes, goods, and merchandizes thereby granted, as aforefaid, during •the continuance thereof, are and (hall be by force of this aft revived, and (hall be ufed, exercifedy and put in pra&fce, for the fairing, levying, colleding, and anfwering the (aid moietyrg half part of the Aibridics, duties, and (urns of money upon wines, goods, and merchandizes by this adt granted or impeded, as*-forefaid, and all arrears of the fame, from titnetotime, Jbcthe ufes and purpofes in this ad exprefled, as fullyande&dually, ue if the fame articles, rules, and claufos, and every serf them, were again particularly, and at large recited and re+enoded io Aire body of this prefent ad, excepting only as to inch of the faid articles, rules, and claufes touching which other pmviGons, alterations, or exemptions are made by any ad or ads of parliament

Former pow-

Digitized by i^ooQie

1708.]	Aiino.ftpd4no^ANNifir<h	7.	4$g

iament new in being, which other prov£on% alterations, or rxemptions, (hall be ohferved, with refped to the moiety or lalf part of the fubfidies, duties, or fums of money upon wines, pods, and merchandizes hereby continued, as aforeiaid, in the ame manner as they are to be obferved with refped to the £u4 noiety or half part of the faid fubfidies, duties, or linns of money ormerly granted, as aforefaid.

XXXI.	And whereas the faid one moiety or half part of the faU . ubfidies, duties, and fums of money upon wines, roods, andmer-bandi&es, together with feveral other impofitions, fubfidies, and duties mentioned in the faid lafi-mentioned aft of the Jixtb year of beer Vlajejly’s reign, were'by that aft made fubjeft and liable to the fiat- 6 Ann.c* *9* ing, payment, and fatisfaftion of certain loans of. any fums which

bould not exceed in the whole feven hundred twenty nine tboiifandfixty even pounds, fifteen JhiUings, and fix pence three farthings, borrow-d or authorized to Be borrowed thereupon, and fuchfurther fums far -Payment of intereft as are therein mentioned or referred unto: now After the * t is hereby further declared and enaded by the authority afore- loans upon aid. That immediately from and after the time that all the laid 6 Aj»n- c. *9# oans, not exceeding feven hundred twenty nine thoufand fixty ^FCmain3er ‘even pounds, fifteen lhillings, and fix pence three farthings to be applied >orrowed, or authorized to be borrowed, as aforefaid, and all to the pur-he intereft monies fecured, or intended to be fecured by the faid	thif

aft-mentioned ad of the fixth year of her Majcfty’s reign, Ihalla6t'

>e paid off and difeharged in the manner in the fame aft men-* ioned, or that fufficient money (hall be referved in the Exch£»

^uer for that purpofe, out of the monies arifing or to arife by he fubfidies, duties, and impofitions thereby appropriated there* into, then all the monies which from thenceforth, until the laid irft day of Avgfifi* one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, hall or may ante by the faid moiety or half part of the fubfidies, luties, and fums of> money upon wines, goods, and merchan~ lizes by the faid former ads granted, and by this ad continued, is aforefaid (except the neceflary charges of raifing, levying, cd-eding, and accounting for the fame) (hall, from time to time, le paid into the receipt of her Majelty’s Exchequer diftin$ly fof he. purpofes in this ad etfpreffed, and for no other ufe, intent, purpofe whatfoever.

XXXII.	And whereas by another aft of the fixth year of her Ma- 6 Ann, c, n« efly's reign, intituled. An ad for continuing one half part of the

ubfidies of tonoage and poundage, and other duties upon wines* good*, andvmerchandizes imported, which were granted to the :rown in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Se* x>nd, and for fettling a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities, not exceeding eighty thour land pounds per annum, to be fpid for raifing a further lupplyto her .Majefty for the fervke of the year one thoufand feven hun* dred and eight, and other ufes therein exprefied, it was, among# ither things, enabled. That over and above all other. fubfidies, adah tional duties, impofitiom, and payments whatfoever, by any former or fiber aft or. aft* of partiamtni, or otberwife howffifiVfir,, then due of

h'f*

Digitized by

Google

4S4	Anno	feptimo	Annje.	c. 7.	£170!

payable, or wbub ought to be paid to her Mayefly, for or report any wines, goods, or merchandizes wlxttforoer, imported or to he import-erf, f Arnr	fe raijed,	levied, collected, paid, and fatisfied unto

her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, /*r *wrf upon ail winrs, goods, and merchandizes, which at any time or times from and after the lafi one thoufand feven hundred and twelve, within or during the term of ninety fix years from thence next and immediately enfieing

5	Am. c. *7. fhould be imported or brought into Grunt Britain, one moiety or half

part of fiub and the like fevrral and refpeftive fubfidies and duties, and pans of money, as by the faid aft of thefifth year of her Mdjefifs feign, therein mentioned, are charged or payable within or during the term or time thereby granted or limited for or upon the like imported wines, goods and merchandizes refjpefttvely, except Jiech goods and other merchandizes as by the faid lajt-mentioned aft of the fifth year of her Majefifs reign, or by any law in force, were exemptedfrom the payment of the fubfidies or duties which were firjl granted in tbe 11 Car.a.c.4* twelfth par of tbe reign of King Charles the Second, as aforefaid. And whereas a fum not exceeding in the whole the fum of eighty thsu-fani pounds per annum, to anfe by and out of the find lajl-mention-od moiety or half part of the faid fubfidies, duties, and Turns of ms-uey upon wines, goods, and merchandizes, is by the faid loft-mention-

6	Am. c. 11. *d aft of tbe fixth year of her Majefifs reign appropriated for and

during the faid term of ninety fix years for tbe payment of annuities to be purchafed in purfuance of that aft; in which faid aft it is provided and enabled. That if at tbe end of any quarter of a year of the term for which the annuities upon that aft were to be purchafed, the monies arifing at the Exchequer of or for the faid halffubfidies and duties by that aft appropriated (certain contribution money therein mentioned to be referved, being excepted) fhould exceed all tbe monies then due for or upon the fame annuities and all arrearages thereof, then or at any trifle or times before that time incurred, fo that there ftyould be an excefs or furplus remaining in the Exchequer, fitch exafi or furplus fbould be aijpofable, from time to time, for the publick ufe fexteft or fur- ftrvice, and not otberwifi: now it is hereby ena&ed by the oftheannuity aut*10r>ty aforefaid. That the faid excefs or furplus which fhall o£t 6 Ann*. from time to time arife of and from the laft-mentioned moiety or half part of the faid fubfidies, duties, and fums of money upon wines, goods, and merchandizes, after payment and fati*» faction, or refervine at the receipt of her Majefty*s Exchequer, from time to time, fufficient to pay and fatisfy the faid annuities* not exceeding in the whole the fum of eighty thoufand pounds per annum, charged upon the faid laft-mentioned moiety or half part of the fubfidies, duties, or fums of money upon wines, goods, and merchandizes by the faid laft-mentioned ad of the fixth ydfcr of her Majefty’s reign, during the faid term of ninety fix years, f except the neceflkry charges of raifing, levying, coU . . le&mg, awitaining, and accounting for the fame) and alfo all E^cb«uerfor arrcarages of the faid laft-mentioned moiety or half part of the the purpofes fubfidies, duties, and fums of money upon wines, goods, of this ahd merchandizes, (not already appropriated, or to be applied by any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf) maty

6Amuc.1t.

to be kept

as

Digitized by

Google

46$

i7Q8v]	'	AnnOifeptimo‘Anha. c. 7.

Us the fame (hall arife, be kept diftinft and apart in her Maje*

Ay's Exchequer for the purpofes in this ad expreffed, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid fubfidies of tonnage ana poundage, and other duties commonly called by the name of The two The two third third fubfidi$s> which from and after the expiration of the faid fubfidies. term of three years formerly granted therein, as aforefaid, (hall arife, grow due, or become payable by virtue of this ad to her Maiefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and all the monies which from and after the paying off and difcharging all the faid loans, not exceeding fix hundred thirty fix thoufand nine hundred fifty feven pounds, four (hillings and a half penny, and all the in-tereft thereof, (hall or may arife during the then remainder of the faid term of three years of pr for the faid fubfidies and duties, commonly called The two third fubfidies, granted or continued by . the faid ad of the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign ; and the faid 6 A**1- c- **• duties*upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, put-megs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pidures, and upon muflins, The duty on and the increafed or new additional rates and duties upon a]lcoffec>&c> coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and pidures; and the further rates and fums The duty on charged or impofed for and upon all white callicoes, porcelain, callicoet, &c. commonly called China wares, and drugs, which from and after the expiration of the faid term of four years formerly granted therein, as aforefaid, (hall arife, grow due, or become payable by virtue of this^ad to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors; and all the monies which from and after the paying off and difcharging all the faid loans, not exceeding feven hundred thoufand pounds, and all the intereft thereof, (hall or may arife during the then remainder of the faid term of four years of and in the faid duties, and additional or further duties on coffee, and other the enumerated commodities laft-mentioned, granted by the faid aft of the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign; and the faid half fubfidies ^nd other duties which from and after the faid laft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, (hall arife*	c*

grow due, or become payable by virtue of this aft to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors; and all the monies which from ana after the paying off and difcharging all the faid loans, not exceeding feven hundred twenty nine thoufand fixty feven pounds, fifteen (hillings and fix pence three farthings, borrowed or authorized to be borrowed, as a orefaid, and all the intereft monies fecured^or intended to be fccured by the faid aft of the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign in that behalf, or referving fufficienf $ Ann. c. it. money in the Exchequer, for that purpofe, as aforefaid, fhalj oi; may arife of or for the like half fubfidies or duties by the Tame , aft of the fixth year of her Majefty’s reign until the faid firft , day of Augu/l9 one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, and _ all the monies yrhich (at the end of any quarter.of a year of the term for which the faid annuities not exceeding eighty thoufand pounds per annum upon the; faid other aft of the fixth year of her 6 Ann* c*xf * ■ VoL.XI.	H'h	■	-	'	Majefty’s

Digitized by

^66	Anno (epdmo Amna. c. 7.	[1708.

Majcfty’s reign are purchafed) (hall arife at the Exchequer of or for the other half fubfidies or duties by that adl appropriated, over and above the monies then due for or upon the fame annuities, or for arrearages thereof, then or at any time or times before that time incurred, as aforefaid, (the neceffary charges of raifing, levying* collecting, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the faid fubfidies, duties, furplus monies, remains, and ar-*	rears refpe&ively, and the charges of making and ifluing all the

made a gene- Exchequer bills to be made forth or iflued in purfuance of this ral fund for adt, always excepted and foreprized) are and (hall be a general paying off and fand and fecurity, as well for fatisfying and paying, from time Sb &cg thC t0	monics as be due or payable according to

9	*	the true meaning of this adt, for the faid intereft to be born on

the faid bills, and for the faid premium or allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, hnd for or towards raifing the yearly fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, to commence as is herein after mentioned for paying off and cancelling the faid bills in the manner herein after exprefled.

A book to be kept in the auditor's office for entring the general fund. Till the fund eftablifhed takes effett, treafury to compute quarterly the intereft due on Exchequer bills: and t6 make out other bills for fo much as (hall be due, with like intereft and currency, See. and be dated on the

Suarter day to which the intereft is computed, and paid to the bank. See.

Remainder of the fubfidies, See, appropriated for paying off Exchequer bills. Deficiency of one quarter to be made good out of the overplus of the next. Surplus of any quarter difpofable byparliament. Allowance of 3 per cent, for circulation to be paid weekly. Treafury to iffue money to any perfon for difeharging the intereft on the bills. The yearly fum of ?oo,oool. for difeharging the bills, to be ifTued and applied as the treafury lhall diredtj but the weekly payments not to exceed 50,000!. in one quarter. Officers mifapplying the money, &c. forfeit office, Sec. Exchequer bills to be taken by all receivers, &c. and at the Exchequer. Receivers, See. to exchange the bills in ready money, or be liable to be fued for the money, &c. How the plaintiff in fuch adtion may declare. He fhall recover damages and full cofts of fuit. The bills to pafs as fpecie in the Exchequer. Intereft on bills to be allowed by receivers, &c. Bills in receivers hands, See. Intereft to ceafe. Perfons paying bills to receivers. See. to endorfe their names, dayf and year when paid. Bills re-iffued to have the day and year endorfed, &c. Bills after 14 June, 1709. to be re-iffued only for the principal. Tellers to be reimburfed the intereft they allow. Receivers general to keep a book, See. to be infpe&ed without fee, on penalty of tool, to any one who will fue for it* Bank to exchange all bills re-iffued at tbe Exchequer. Penalty on bank refufing to exchange. Bills filled up by indorfements, Scc. Treafury to iffue new ones. Bank may call in money from their members for circulating, &c. See 8 Annae, c. 1. f. 116. Members refufing, bank may flop their dividends, Scc. and charge defaulters with intereft at 6 per cent. Not paid in three months, bank may fell. Bank may make dividends of the money called in. Fe-. *	lony to counterfeit thefe Exchequer bills. Bank to have one part of the

cheques. Sec. of all bills. Members not difabled by any thing in the a& to be parliament men, or liable to be bankrupts. No other Exchequer bills to be iffued, until all thefe be paid, without confent of the bank. EXP.

During the LXI. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority bank no com- aforefaid. That during the continuance of the faid corporation pany in part- pf the governor and company of the bank of England, it lhall

not



1708.]	Anno	feptimo Ann^e. c. 7.	4

iot be lawful for any body politick or corporate whatfoever, nerlhip to take trecfted or to be eredled, (other than the faid governor , and UP on :ompany of the bank of England) or for any other perfons payable under whatfoever united or to be united in covenants or partnerfhip, 6 months* ixceeding the number of fix perfons, in that part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up any fum >r fums of money on their bills or notes payable at demand,

>r at any lefs time than fix months from the borrowing thereof.

LXII. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority Capital ftock, forefaid, That the common capital and principal flock, and &c. exempted tlfo the real funds of the governor and company of the bank *rom uxc,»

>f England, and all the profit and produce to be made thereof,

>r arifing thereby, and the faid allowance after the rate of three rounds per centum per annurtiy and the particular part, (hare, nd intereft of every member of the faid corporation in the faid lock, funds, profits, produce, and allowance, and the prin-ipal to be contained in the faid bills, and the intereft to be >om thereupon, (hall be and are hereby exempted from any axes, rates, afleflments, and impofitions whatfoever, during he refpedtive continuances of the fame ; and fhall be deemed and tobe n all courts of law andjuftice, and in all other courts and places deemed a per* vhatfoever, to be a perfonal eftate, and not real, and fhall go fonaleftate, o the executors and adminiftrators of the perfon or perfons lying pofleffed thereof, or entitled thereunto, and not to the icirs of fuch perfon or perfons; and that the faid common rapital and principal ftock, and real funds of the faid governor tnd company of the bank of England, and the faid allowances ifrer the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, the faid Exchequer bills, whilft in the hands of the faid governor and rompany, and the particular part, (hare, and intereft of every nember of the faid corporation in the faid ftock, funds, allowances, and the faid bills, whilft fuch bills (hall be in the hands )f the faid governor and company, as afoiefaid, fhall not be and not liabk iable or fubjeft to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of to foreign Londcny orotherwife; any thing in this a6t, or in any othertachmcnt' i6l contained, or any other law, ftatute, provifion, ulage, or :uftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXII1. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority The original ifotefaid, That the original fund of the faid governor and fund» &c. to rompany of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum before	the

nentioned, and all profit, benefit, and advantage, from time mttabcr«,

:o time arifing out bf the management of the faid corporation, md alfo the faid annuity of orte hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen (hillings and five pencqper an*

7	u/riy and likewifethe faid allowance after the rate of three pounds ber centum per annum for circulating the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this a£t, fhall (the charges of managing the bufinefs of the faid governor and company, only excepted) be applied from time to time, to the ufes of all the members of the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England for die time being, ratably and in proportion to each

H h %	member’s

Subfcribers of

108. who have paid one fifth to pay the remainder into the bank,

at fuch time* atthedire&ors fhall appoint.

Defaulters to forfeit the fifth part paid down.

Bank may make dividends, 8c c.

takmr care

that the debts they (hall owe, exceed not the capital itock.

Anno feptimo Annr. c. 7.	[	170*.

member’s part, (hare, and intereft in the common capital ant! principal ftock of the faid governor and company hereby continued, enlarged, and eftabufhed.

LXfV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacked by th: authority aforefaid, That the feveral and refpe&ive perfons whe have fubferibed the feveral Turns in the faid books, amounting to the faid fum of two millions two hundred and one tfaou-fand one hundred feventy one pounds, ten (hillings, or fat whom fuch fubferiptions have been made, and have paid down one fifth part of each fum fubferibed, as aforefaid, or their refpe<ftive afligns, (hall, and they are hereby refpedtively en-joyned and required to pay to the faid governor and company, or their calhier, for their ufe, the remaining four fifth parts c* every fum fo fubferibed or written in the faid books, or any of them,againft their names refpedlively, and alfo every fum of fifteen pounds, or after that rate, to be added to every hundred pounds, or any greater or lefler fum fubferibed, as aforefaid, at fuch times, and by fuch proportions, as the court of directors of the faid governor and company for the time being, <r the major part of them, (hall appoint in that behalf, fo as pub-lick notice thereof be given as well in the London Gazette, as b? a paper to be figned by the fecretary of the faid governor an^ company, and fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, at lead ten days before the refpe&ive days of payment fo appointed; and in cafe default (hall be made in any of the /aid payments fo appointed and notified, then the perfon or perfons making fuch default, (hall forfeit the fifth part fo paid down, as aforefaid, to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, and in refpedt of fuch fifth part (hall not be entitled to any (hare or dividend out of the capital ftock of the faid governor and company; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

LXV. Provided always, and be it enacled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of the bank of England fo enlarged ind conftituted, as aforefaid, and their fucceflors, at any time or times hereafter, when they (hall find it fafe and convenient, to reduce or leflen their capital ftock increafed, as aforefaid, by any dividend or dividends to be made amongft the then members of the faid corporation in their private or perfonal capacities, ratably and in proportion to their re fpedfcive (hares and interefts therein, taking care that the fum total of ail their debts which they (hall owe at any one time to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, do not exceed the value of the joint and capital ftock, and fuch other eftate which at any fuch time (hall be and remain to the (aid governor and company undivided; and that in cafe the faid governor and company, or their fucceflors, by any dividend whatfoever to be made amongft themferves in their private or perfonal capacities, fhall reduce or leflen their joint ftock or capital, without limiting, paying off, or proportionably reducing the total

ium

Digitized by L^ooQle

• * * s

708,3	Anno feptimo Ann.®, c. 7;	.	469

m of the faid debts which they (hall owe to others, as afore-id, fo that the value of their joint flock and capital, and other keir eftate then remaining undivided, (hall not be lufficient > anfwer their juft debts then remaining unpaid, in every fuch In facbcafe ife the particular members of the faid corporation of the gover- ^^erswho jr and company of the bank of England, and every of them i,ave received :fpe<5tively, who in their private or perfonal capacities (hall any Aare of ceive any (hare of fuch dividend, (nail be feverally liable,	dividend,

id they are hereby made liable, fo far as the refpeftive (hares^th^Uihex-

by them refpeftively received upon fuch dividend, will ex- tcn(j, liable to nd, to pay and fatisfy the debts which (hall remain due and pay the debts □paid by the faid governor and company, to any other per- owing by the n or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, as aforefaid, whoban*‘ y virtue of this aft (hall or may fue for and recover the fame Defides treble cofls) by aftion of debt, or upon the cafe, as ; before-mentioned; any thing in this, or any former aft, barter, or otherwife howfoever to the contrary in any wife otwithftanding,

LX VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, After the bills "hat from and after the compleat paying off, and difeharging aJ*c al1 <Jff-he faid principal and intereft due on all the faid Exchequer ^ut^are rc-ills to be iffued in purfuance of this aft, and cancelling all the deemed, ills, and full (atisfaftion made, as aforefaid, of all arrearages f the faid allowances, after the rate of three pounds per centum er annum for circulating the fame, then, and not till then, he feveral duties by this aft fettled or appropriated, as well or payment of the faid intereft, after the rate of two pence >rr centum Ur diem> and the faid allowance after the rate of hree pounds per centum per annum, as for railing the faid yearly um of two hundred thoufand pounds, and every of them, hall be underflood to be redeemed by parliament, and (hall lot be iffued, paid, or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpofe jvhatfoever, without the, authority of parliament > any thing lerein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-^ding.

LXVII. Provided nevcrthelefs, That nothing in this aft The not re-:qntained, for or concerning the redemption of the faid duties by this aft fettled and appropriated, as well for payment |^t toUhj^$er of the faid intereft, after the rate of two pence per diem, and the the redemp-faid allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per tion of the ;nnumy as for raifing the faid yearly fum of two hundred thou- ®r,(Pnal ^d, (and pounds for cancelling the laid bills, (hall in any wife&c* prevent or hinder the redemption of the (aid original fund of pne hundred thoufand pounds per annum, or the faid annuity of one hundred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen (hillings, and five pence, purfuant to the refpeftivc provifoes for thofe purpofes in this aft contained ; but that the lame, or either of them may be redeemed from the faid governor and company, or their fucceffors, according to the refpec-live provifoes or conditions in this aft contained, without redemption of the faid duties and funds hereby fettled in relation

tfh3	to



The dividend

ben.

fcriptions indemnified.

Publick aft.

Anno feptimo Ankjr. c, 7.	[1708.

to the Exchequer bills to be made forth in purfuanee of this aft, as aforefaid; any thing hereto contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. f .	LXV1II.	And	whereas	the	faid	governor	and company of the

^ongonly°to °f England eflablijhed by former afts herein recited, did on the the old mem- three and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eight, order a dividend of four pounds and ten /billings per centum to be made amongfi their then members; it is hereby enafted and declared, That the faid dividend only belongs to, and is to be received and enjoyed by the refpeftive members of the faid corporation, before the making the fubfeription before-mentioned, and their refpeftive afligns, in proportion to their refpeftive intexefts in the then capital ftock of the laid governor and company.

Commiflioners LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and de-^ukingfub- clared, That the perfons natxjed commiffioners for taking the fubferiptions in the aft before-mentioned, or any of them, (hall not incur or be fubjeft to any incapacity, forfeiture o: penalty whatfoever, for or in regara of their or any of their being named commiffioners, or afting in or upon the cocn-miffion for taking fuch fubfcriptions, or any ways relating thereunto; any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

LXX. And be it further enafted and declared. That this prefent aft fhall be efteemed in all the parts thereof in al/ courts of law and equity to be a publick aft, and notice thereof (hall be taken as fuch by all courts and perfons accordingly.

Bank not LXXI. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, obliged topay That as often as any of the bills hereby authorized to be ifiued intereft to	a	(hall become payable by the faid governor	and company, and

Idler fum	than	^ajj brought to them to be exchanged	for	money,	the hid

a penny. governor and company (hall not be obliged to pay for fuch intereft to any lefler fum than a penny due upon fuch bill, in cafe a Angle bill be produced for payment,	or	for the	total of

the intereft of fuch bills, where two or	a	greater	number

of bills fhall be offered at one time by the fame perfon; and the payment or tender of all fuch intereft as fhall be due on Such bill or bills (except fuch fum lefs than a penny) together with the principal due on fuch bill and bills, (hall be good and fufficient in law, as if the principal and entire intereft, including fuch lefs fum than a penny, had been paid or tendred upon fuch bill or bills.

Bank may call LXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and de-Jn monies di- clared, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, from time to time hereafter in fuch manner, and by fuch notice 3s in this aft are before appointed for calling in any monies for the circulation of Exchequer bills and other the purppfes before-mentioned, to call in or direft to be paid by or from their refpeftive members for the time being proportionally all or any part of the monies y'hich fhall have before been divided and paid put of their faid

'	capita|

vided out of their capital ftock, &cf



47*

:>$.]	Anno feptimo Akna. c. 8.

ital ftock of four millions four hundred and two thoufand ee hundred forty and three "pounds, under fuch penalties, irges, and forfeitures for non-payment of any monies of the 1 capital fo called in, as are before appointed for non-payment any other monies (not capital) by this ad authorized to be led in, as aforefaid.

LXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the Duties defici. hority aforefaid,' That if the refpedive duties by this ad nted or appropriated, or any of them, (hall at any time or fhc ^du les appear to be fo deficient, that within any one year the A reipedive duties (hall not be fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy i feveral and refpedive purpofes to which the fame are here-feverally appropriated, then and in every fuch cafe, and as ;en as fuch deficiency (hall happen, the fame (hall be pro-led for, anfwered and made good by and out of the next aids ' be granted by parliament.

CAP. VIII.

n aft for continuing feveral impcfitions and duties, to raife money by way of loans and for exporting Britiih copper and brafs wire dutyfree; and for circulating a further fum in Exchequer bills, in cafe a new contrail be made in that behalf \ and concerning the oaths to be adminiftred in relation to Italian thrown ftlks, and touching oils and plantation goods of foreigners, taken or to be taken as prize \ and concerning drugs of America to be imported from her Majeftfs plantations s and for appropriating the monies given in this fejfion of parliament •, and for making out debentures for two tranfport fhips in this all named j and to allow a further time for regiftring certain debentures, and for relief of perfons who have loft fuch tickets, Exchequer bills, debentures, tallies^ or orders, as in this all are mentioned.

OST gracious fovereign, we your Majefty’s mod dutiful lVJL and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in par-iament aflembled for the better enabling your Majefty to deray the expences of the prefent war, and for other your Ma-efty’s mod neceflary and important occafions, have cheerfully na unanimously given and granted, and do by this ad give md grant to your Majefty the feveral and refpedive fubfiaies, mpofitions, and duties herein after particularly defcribcd, for md during the terms herein after exprefled, rind do mod dumbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enaded •> and be t enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the feveral impofitions and duties Duties on upon wines and vinegar granted by an ad made in the firft wines and year of the reign of his late majefty King'James the Second, ^^rt^011-

H h 4	intituled.



472

>Auguft,i7i6. i Ja. ».c. v Farther continued by i Annae, c. 13. omJ made per-fetuai by

9 Annas, c. 21. li.

1 JJL 2. C. ].

Duties on tobacco continued to i Auguft,i7i6

* Ja- *c-

Farther con-turned by SAnnae, c- 13 and made ptr-fetuai ty 9 AlUlBC, C. 21 f.I.

Duties on tobacco to be levied, See. as by 7 & 8 VV. 3.

lOu

Anno feprimo Annas, e.8,	[*7©!.

intituled. An *8 for granting to his Majefty on impofiticn upm ell wines and vinegar imported between the twenty fourth day ef June, one tboufand fix hundred eighty five, and the toamtffourth day of June, one tboufand fix hundred ninety three, which (aid ad, by fevcral fubfequent afts of parliament fince made, .was continued, and is to continue until the firft day of Aqgufiy one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, (hall by virtue of this ad, be further continued and be payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all wines and vinegar which /hall be imported into Great Britain, from the laft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, to the firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, and no longer; and that the faid ad fo made in the firft year of the reign of the faid late King James the Second, ana all powers, provifions, penalties, artides, and daufes therein contained, for or concerning the faid impofitions on wines and vinegar, (hall continue and be in full force and effect, untill the faid firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, and lhall be applied, pradifed, and executed for raifing, levying, colleding, anfwering, and paying the faid duties upon wine and vinegar hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the claufes, matters, and things in the faid ad of the firft year of the reign of the faid King James the Second contained, had been again in this ad repeated, and particularly enaded.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority afbrdaid. That the rates, duties, and impofitions upon all forts of tobacco, granted by an ad made in the firft year of the reign of the faid late King James the Second, intituled. An act for granting to his Majefiy an impofition upon all tobacco and fiigar impend between the twenty fourth day June, one thoufandfix hundred eighty five, and the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety three, which faic) ad, as for and concerning the laid duties and impofitions upon tobacco only, by feveral fubfequent adts gf parliament fince made, was continued, and is to continue until the ftrft day of Au^gufi, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, (hall, by virtue of this ad, be further continued and paid uqto her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefibrs, for gnd upon all tobacco to be imported into Great Britain, from the laft day of July, one thoufand fever} hundred andiourteen, to the firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, and no longer.

III.	Provided always, and bf it enaded and declared by the authority'afprefaid, That the faid duty upon tobacco which (hall be imported within the times by this atft limited, and all arrears jhenjof, (hall bp fecurcd, colleded, raifed, levied, anfwered, ?nd paid to her Majefty in fuch method, and with fuch difeount'and allowances, and according to fuch rules and directions as are mentioned, referred to, or prefcribed (as to the duties or impofitions upon tobacco) in and by the*a& made in the parliament hidden in the feventh year of the reign of



i£o8.]	Anno	feptkno	AHN^. c.8.	473

King William the Third* of 'glorious memory, intituled. An 7^3-c.io. aft for continuing feveral duties, granted by former afts upon wines, vinegar, and tobacco, W Eaft India	and other merchan-

dizes imported, /ir carrying on the war agatnfi France, and not otherwife.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, old imp«it That the feveral additional and other rates, impofitions, duties, continued till and charges upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandizes, *Auguft,i7i6. granted by an ad made in the fecond year of the reign of King J. ^

William the Third and Queen Mary> intituled, An act for grant- Farther

ing to their Majeflies certain impofitions upon all Eaft India goods tinned ty and merchandizes, and upon all wrought filisy and feveral other 8 Ana*, c. i j. goods and merchandizes to be imported after the five and twentieth	^

day of December, one thoufandfix hundred and ninety, and which Ann*, c. u. thereby, and by feveral ads of parliament already made, haver. 1. continuance until the firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, (hall be further continued and paid to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon the like commodities to be imported into Great Britain, from the laft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, to the firft day of Augufiy one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, and no longer ; and that the faid ad made in the fecond year of their late Majefties reign, concerning Eafi India goods and other things therein charged, and all powers, provifions, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, (hall continue and be of full force and effed until the faid firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, and mall be applied, pradifed, and executed for the railing, levying, colleding, suifwering, and paying the faid refpedive duties hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent ad, as fully, and to all intents and pur-poles; as if the faid laft-mentioned ad, and all and every the claufes, matters, and things therein contained, had been again repeated and particularly enaded (except only as to fuch part of the faid ads, concerning the faid impofitions of wines, vinegar, tobacco, Eaft India goods, and other merchandizes imported, touching which other provifions or alterations are made by any ad or ads of parliament now in force, which other provifions or alterations are to be obferved, and to continue during the continuance of this prefent ad) and the faid ad, intituled.

An act for continuing feveral duties granted by former afts upon ? y/m 3# Ct ,0| wine and vinegary and upon tobaccoy and Eaft India goodsy and other merchandizes importedy for carrying on the war agatnfi France, and every article, claufe, matter, and thing therein contained, for the railing, levying, fecuring, anfwering, and paying the impofitions and duties on the merchandizes and commodities thereby charged, and which are by this ad continued, (hall be of full force and effed, until the faid firft day qf Attgujly one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Additional That the additional and other rates, duties, impofitions, and impofitions

charges

Digitized by L,ooQle

474	An110	feptuno	Anna.	c.	£1708*

continued la charges upon the feveral forts of goods and merchandises, l£Uw *)mX6’	by an ad of parliament made in the fourth year of their

*	*	faid late Majefties reign, intituled, An aflfor granting to their Alee-

fartber ant- jcflics certain additional impofitions uponfeveral good* and wcrcbemdrzts, timud by for profecuting the prefent war againjl France, which by feveral *Ann*, c. 13. fubfequent ads of parliament already made, have continuance pttJ^Ury ^*T~ un^ the faid fir ft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred

11.	and fourteen, (hall, fcy virtue of tins ad, be further continued* f 1.	and be paid aud payable to her Majefty, her heirs and fuo-

ceflbrs, throughout Great Britain, from the laft day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, to the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, and no longer; and that the faid ad lad-mentioned, and all powere, provifions, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained (except as herein after is excepted and provided) as for, and concerning the faid rates, duties, and impofitions, ihall continue and be of full force and efFed until the laid firft day of Augufly one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, and (hall be applied, pradifed, and executed, for the railing, levying, col-kdine, anfwering, and paying the faid duties hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, according to the tenor and intent of this prefent ad, as if the faid laft-mentianed ad, and all and every the claufes, matters, and things therein contained, had been again repeated and particularly enaded in this prefent ad : provided alfo, That in all cafes where any other provifion or alteration is made by any ad or ads of parliament now in being, in or about any other matter or thing contained in the faid ad of parliament for the impofitions laft-mentioned, fuch other provifions or alterations (hall be obferved dating the continuance of the term hereby granted; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties on	VL And it is hereby further enaded. That the feveral im-

whalefins	portions and duties, for and upon all whale fins imported,

continued to which by an ad of parliament in the ninth year of the reign 1tTftWI7,6*ofhis krte majefty King William the Third, intituled. An c. 451.0	’	5 oft for taking away half the duties impaled on glafs wares, and tie

Farther cm-	whole duties lately laid on ft one	and earthen warts,	and tobacco pipes

timed by	and for granting in lieu thereof new duties on whale fins and Scotch

\u^mnd^u * ^nnen> wcre &ranted to bis faid late majefty King WdBam, and petual by	by fobfequent ads already palled, have continuance antU the

9 Ann*,c.ai.firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, £ x.	(hall	be, and are hereby continued and payable to her Majefty,

her heirs and fucceflfors, upon all whale fins to be imported into Great Britain, from the laft day of July, one tboefeod feven hundred and fourteen, to the firft day of Auguft, one thou-land feven hundred and fixteen, andno longer; and (hall be railed, levied, colleded, and paid in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties, as are mentioned in the faid adt for granting the faid impofitions on whale fins and Scotch linen , which ad, with all the powers, provides, penalties, articles, and claufes therein contained, or thereby referred, (hall continue and be in full force until the



1708.} Anno feptimo Ann-«. c.8.	475

(aid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen; and (hall he applied, praftifed, and put in execution for railing, and levying the faid duties on whale fins hereby continued, and all arrears thereof, as fully and effectually as if all the claufes, matters, and things therein contained concerning the faid duties on whale fins were repeated, and again enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

VII.	And whereas the faid impofitions on wines, vinegar, and 1 Ja. 2. c. 3. tobacco, which were firji granted to King James the fecond, in the firjl year of his reign, and the faid impofitions on Eaft India goods, and other goods charged therewith, which were firft granted to their late majejlies King William and Queen Mary in the Second year of z W. & M. their reign, and the faid additional impofitions which were firjl granted A*z*c* 4* to them in the fourth year of their reign, and the faid duties on whale fins imported, which were granted to his faid late majefiy King Wil- 4&5W.&M. liam in the ninth year of his reign, were by feveral fubfequcnt afts c 5-of parliament continued (with fome exceptions and alterations) as ^ lo * aforefaidy until the faid firjl day of Auguft, one thoufandfeven hundred and fourteen, in tne manner therein mentioned, and are thereby made fubjeft and liable (together with fuch other duties as are therein exprejfed) to the fatisfaftion of feveral principal fums which were borrowed, or authorized to be borrowed upon thofe afts reffectively, and the interejl due, and to be due for the fame, which principal and interejl are to be duly paid off and difeharged in the firjl place; now After the it is hereby further declared and enafted by the authority afore- principal, &c. faid. That from and immediately after the time that all the prin-cipal and intereft monies which by the faid former afts, or any changed, the of them, are charged and chargeable on the feveral impofitions feveral duties and duties laft particularly mentioned (jointly with other duties) appropriated / as aforefaid, (hall be fully paid off and fatisfied according to the true meaning of the faid former afts, or that fufficient ******** • • money (hall be referved in the Exchequer for that purpofe, then all the monies which from thenceforth (hall arife by the faid impofitions upon wines, vinegar, and tobacco, which were firft granted to King James th$ Second in the firft year of his reign, and the faid impofitions on Eajl India goods, and other goods charged therewith, which were firft granted to their late majefties King William and Queen Adary, in the fecond year of their reign, and the faid additional impofitions which were firft granted to them in the fourth year of their reign, and the faid duties on whale fins imported, which were granted to his late majefty Kina William in the ninth year of his reign, for the remainders of the terms formerly granted, and therein then to comet and unexpired (except the neceffery charges of railing, levying, collecting, ana accounting for the fame) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of the Exchequer diftinftly for the purpofes in this aft exprefied, and for no other ufe, intent, or purppfe whatfoever.

VIII.	And whereas it is found by experience, That the duties upoty Britifh copper the exportation of copper of the produce and growth fl/'Great Britain, and brafs wire jndupon brafs wire spade in Great Britain, have annually produced J* ^P°rtc<*

very



47$	Anno	lepttmo	Akn^.	c.S.	It	70S.

very inconftderable fttms, and neverthelefs do hinder the exportation of fuch copper wire, to the prejudice of this nation ; be it therefore cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no fubfidies or other duties (hall be due or payable by any 26b or a&s of parliament whatfoever upon the exportation of an/ fuch copper or wire, which from and after the firft day of May* one thoufand /even hundred and nine, (hall be exported to or for any parts beyond the Teas; any law or ftatute whatsoever to the contrary notwith-{landing.

7	Anar, c. 7. IX. And whereas the governor and company of the bank of England have undertaken the circulation of Exchequer bills, amounting to two millions and five hundred thoufand pounds, for her Afa-jefty's fuppfy, in fuch manner and form, and upon fuch terms and advantages as are mentioned or intended by another aft of this feffisn of parliament in that behalf j now it is hereby provided, bSc.

The bank may agree to circulate further Exchequer bills for 613,7391. &c. with the fame advantages, &c. as by the former aft, &c. oath upon im-1 Anne ftat.i. PortinS Italian thrown hlk, to be made before the collector. Sec. Oils and c 17	*	'	plantation	goods	of	foreigners,	taken as prize, to pay cuftoms, porfuaat

< Addjc,c. 19. to her Majelty’s declaration, 11 May, 1 Anne. EXP.

DrogsofArae- XII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That rica may be from and after the four .and twentieth day or fune, one thoo-iraportedfrom fanj fCven hundred and nine, Jcfuits Bark, Sarfaporilla, bai/am pUntations^. *	P*™ aiK^ Tithe, and all other drugs of the growth and pro-

F	*	duft	of America, may be imported from any of her Majefty's

plantations in America, in (hips regularly manned and navigated, paying the fame duty, and no more, as if they were imported direduy from the place of their growth ; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

Claufe of loan XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the au-for 645,000b thority aforefaid, That it (hail and may be lawful, to and for any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to her Majefty at the receipt of her Majefty’s Exchequer, as well upon credit of the feveral im-x	portions	and	duties by this adt granted or continued, as alfo

upon credit of the monies which by the faid former adfs, after fatisfadlion of the principal and intereft thereupon, as aforefaid , (hall arife by the impofitions and duties thereby granted, any Turns which (hall not exceed in the whole fix hundred forty five thoufand pounds, for the fervicc of the war, and other ther fumfor* ^tr Majefty’s occafions; and moreover, the treafurer of the Ex-making'good chequer for the time being, or any three or more of the commif-the interme- fioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized diate intereft, and direfted to caufe the officers of the faid receipt of Exchequer, to receive from time to time, by way of loan, from any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, willing.to make the fame at the faid receipt, any further fum and fums of money, over and above the faid fums not exceeding fix hundred forty five thoufand pounds, as (hall be fufficient to make gobd the payment of all the intereft monies appointed or allowed by. this every three months, until the faid impofitions and duties

arifing

477

arifing by this or by the faid former afts, or any of them firft happening, (hall come into the Exchequer, and be fufficient for that purpofe, purfuant to the intent and meaning of this aft ; and that all the lenders as well of the faid fums not exceeding fix hundred forty five thoufand pounds, as of the faid further fums for making good the payment of the intermediate intereft, as aforefaid, ihall have and receive intereft for the forbearance thereof, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per at 6 per cent, annum* and that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this tax-free, aft, (hall be taxed, rated, or afiefied by any aft of parliament whatfoever.

Lenders to have tallies (truck. See. Orders to be paid in courfe. Sec. No fee, &c. to be taken. Penalty. Tallies of the fame date no undue preference. No penalty to incur, if fubfequent orders be firft paid. Orders aflignable. EXP.

XVIII.	And whereas in and by one aft of the fifth year of her 5 Annae»c* *7j Majeftfs reign, a credit was given for any Jums not exceeding eight hundred twenty two thoufand three hundred eighty one pounds*

fifteen Jhillings, and fix pence far thing \ and by another aft of the 6 Ann*, c. ax. fixth year of her Majcjly's reign* a further credit was given for any fums not exceeding Jeven hundred t wenty nine thoufand fixty feven

pounds* fifteen/hillings* and fix pence three farthings, to be borrowed upon thoje afts refpeftively, at an intereft after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, upon the feveralfubfedies, impoftions, and duties in the fame afts refpeftively mentioned; and the lord high treafurer* or any three or more of the commiffmers of the treajury for the time being* are by the fame afts refpeftively authorized and * direfted to caufe the officers of the Exchequer to receive, from time to time* by way of loan, at the like interefl at the faid receipt, any further fum or fums of money as Jhould be fufficient to make good the payment of all the intereft monies, appointed or allowed by the fame afts refpeftively, every three months, until the fubftdies* impofitions, and duties therein mentioned* Jhould come into the Exchequer* and be fufficient for that purpofe, purfuant to the intent and true meaning of the fame afts refpeftively : now it is hereby provided and This aft not enafted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aft to prejudice contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the taking away, altering, or leflening the faid power and direftion borrowing monies to make good the payment of the faid in- tioned. tereft monies every three months, until the faid fubfidies, impofitions, and duties in the faid refpeftive afts mentioned (hall come in, and be fufficient for that purpofe, as aforefaid, or in any wife to alter or prejudice the fecurity given by the faid feveral afts of the fifth and fixth years of her Majefty’s reign', or either of them, for the repayment and fatisfaftion of the	v

fame, or any other the principal and intereft monies, which were lecured or intended to be fecured by the fame afts refpeftively, but that the orders for the fame (hall be regiftered in courfe, and paid in the fame manner upon each of thofe afts, as if this aft had never been made; this prefent aft, or

afts.



477

Claufe of appropriation. 7 Ann*, c. i

7 Ann*, c. 3.

7 Ann. c. 7.

Anno feptimo Ann a. c.8.

any thirig therein contained, or any other matter of thing what-foever to the contrary in any wife notwithftandiner.

XIX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all tbe monies lent arid to be lent unto her Majefty on one a& of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An act for granting an aid to her Majejly to be raifed by a land tax in Great Britain, for thefervice of the year one thoufand [even hundred and niney and to much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as fhaD arife and remain after all the loans made, or to be made upon that a€ty and the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for the raifing the faid tax, (hall be fatisfied, or money (ufficiem (hall be referved to difeharge the fame 5 and all the money lent and to be lent unto her Majefty upon one other a A of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An act for charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for* the fervice of the year one thoufand Jeven hundred and nine, and fo much money of the faid duties of malt, mum, cyder, and perry thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain after all the loans made, or to be made upon that a<ft, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties thereby granted, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient lhall be referred to difeharge the fame; and the fums payable by the governor and company of the bank of England, for or upon account of the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds to be advanced by way of difeount, according to another a<ft of tins feffion of parliament, intituled. An act for enlarging the capital flock of the bank of England, and for raifing a further fupply, granted to her Majejly for the fervice of tbe year one thoufand /even hundred and nine, and the Exchequer bills not exceeding two millions five hundred thoufand pounds ifluable by that a<ft, for her Majefty’s fupply; and the fums intended to be raifed by loans and Exchequer bills, by or in purfuance of this prefent a6fc ; (hall be appropriated, iffued, and applied, and the fame are hereby appropriated, for or towards the feveral ufes and purpofes herein after expreffed; that is to fay, for or towards the defraying the charges of the ordinary of her Majefty’s navy, and for victuals, wages, wear and tear, and other fervices of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed j and for the fea fervice in the office of the ordnance, performed and to be performed ; and for and towards the land fervice performed and to be performed by the office of the ordnance; and to and for fub-fiftence, off-reckonings and clearings for one year, from the three and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eight, to her Majefty’s guards and garrifons in Great Britain, and the contingent charges of the fame, and for payment of invalids for the faid year, beginning from the faid three and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eight j and for or towards the defraying the charges of her Majefty’s army, and fuch forces as are or (hall be added thereunto, in the low countries or Germany, within, or for one year, to be reckoned from the faid three and twentieth day of Decern-



479

1708.3	Anno feptimo Ann,®, c. 8.'

ber3 one thoufand feven hundred and eight, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging ; and for and towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of three thoufand Palatines, formerly taken into the Service of her Majefty and the States General^ for the year one thoufand Seven hundred and nine; and for or towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of four thoufand fix hundred thirty nine Saxons, formerly taken into the fervice of her Majefty and the States General, for £he year one thoufand. feven hundred and nine * and for and towards her Majefty’s proportion of the charge of Bothmar's regiment of dragoons, confiding.of eight hundred men, formerly taken into the fervice of her Majefty and the States General, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine * and for defraying her Majefty’s proportion of the charge for augmenting the troops, which have been refolved for ailing in conjunction with her allies in Flanders, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine ; and for defraying the charge of maintaing the forces in her Majefty’s pay to ierve in Spain and Portugal, for the fervice of the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and nine; and for or towards the payment of her Majefty’s proportion of the fubfulies due upon treaties made or to be made with her Majefty’s allies, and other charges for the fervice of the war, for any time before, or until the five and twentieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and nine; and for and towards the payment of a year’s intereft further on the unfatisfied debentures, charged upon the Irijb forfeitures; and for or towards the tranfporting of land forces performed and to be performed; and for or towards difeharging the premiums and other charges, for circulating the old Exchequer bills for another year 5 and for or towards the defraying extraordinary charges of the war already incurred, and not before this time provided for by parliament ; and for making good fuch payments as by another ait of this feflion of parliament are to be made, as well for dif-charging the allowances for or upon the exportation from Scotland, of fifh, beef, and pork cured with foreign fait, imported before the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feven, as alfo to pay. for fuch Calt fo imported, and ftill remaining in the hands of her Majefty’s fubjc&s there ; and for payment of the general officers ferving in Flanders in the years one thoufand feven hundred and eight, and one thoufand fetfen hundred and nine, according to the Rations in which they have or fhall have ferved by their refpedtive commiflions; and to no other fifes, intents, and purpofes whatfoever. Provided .always, That out of the monies to be iffued to the guards and garrifons, as aforefaid, there fhall and may be taken and applied any fum not exceeding eighty feven thoufand one hundred twenty five pounds, ten millings, towards the charge of maintaining the foldiers raifed and to be raifed for fea ferv ice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging ; ai)d out of the monies to be iffued for the fervice of the navy and fea fervice^ as aforefaid, there fhall be taken and

applied

Digitized by

Google

4&o

ij k 14 W.3. c. 1.

*9 Car. 2. c. 3

Anno fcptimo Ann,®. c. 9.	[	1708.

applied fuqh funis, as together with the faid funrt not exceeding eighty feven thoufand one hundred twenty five pounds, ten (hillings, (hall be neceffary for the charge of maintaining the faid foldiers for fca fervice, with their officers, and the contingent charges thereunto belonging; any thing herein con* tained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the thirteenthyear of the reign of his late majefly King William the Third, ofglorious memory, intituled, An act for reviving and continuing an a<ft, intituled. An act for the appointing the commiffioners to take, examine, and determine the debts due to the army, navy, and for tranfport fervice, and alfo an account of the prizes taken during the late war, the commiffioners thereby appointed to ftate and determine the debts due for the hire and freight of the Jhip Robert and James, and the Jhip John’s Adventure, taken up for tranfport fervice in the year one thoufand fix hundred ninety and three, and prepared tickets, bills, certificates, or debentures for the fame; which tickets, bills, certificates, or debentures were not figned by the faid commf fioners, the mailers or proprietors of the faid Jhips not demanding the fame before toe expiration of the faid commimn \ be it therefore enafted, Esfr.

Debentures to be made out for the (hips Robert and James, and John’s Adventure. Irifh debentures loft, upon oath before a baron. See. and fecui ity* treafury may grant duplicates. Time allowed for regiAumg army debentures till 29 Sept. 1709. EXP.

XXIII. And whereas feviral tickets, commonly called Million Lottery Tickets, and Malt Lottery Tickets, which are flill unpaid, ana fevered bills called Exchequer Bills, not yet difeharged, alfo divers forts of bills or certificates, commonly called Debentures, made forth for arrears due to the army, and for tranfport fervices, not being applied to the purchafing of any of the forfeited ejlates in Ireland, or otherwife difeharged, and alfo divers tallies and orders for payment of annuities granted by a ft of parliament, are by cafualty or mifcbance, loft, burnt, or otherwife aeftroyed; be it hereby further enafted, &e.

The barons of the Exchequer, on affidavit made before them, that any lottery tickets, Exchequer bills, debentures, See. are loft, (hall give a certificate thereof, and the refpeftive officers, on iecurity given to indem* nify them, (hall make forth duplicates of fucb tickets, Sec. and in default of fuch officer, the lord treafurer. See. (hall order fuch duplicates to be made forth. All which (hall be done without fee. See. EXP.

CAP. IX.

An	aS for giving the commiffioners of fewers for the city of

London the fame powers as the commiffioners of fewers for counties have •, and to oblige collectors for the fewers to account.

WHEREAS	by an afl of parliament made in the nineteenth

year of the reign of our fovertign lord Charles the intituled, An a& for rebuilding the city of London, it is

other

6



481

>08.7 Anno feptimo Annje. c.9.

heir things tnatttd. That the number and places for all common fezv-and vaultS) and drains, and the order and manner of paving and tching the Jfreets and lanes within the faid city and liberties^ /ball be ftgned and fet out by fuck and fo many perfons, as the mayor, alder-eny and commons of the faid city in common council ajfembled, Jhould ithorize and appoint under their common feal, or the more part of em\ to which perfons feveral powers and authorities are thereby ven, for the ends tn the Jaid aft mentioned: and it is thereby enaft-, That all other' ccmmiff oners whatfoever, be altogether fufpended om intermeddling in the premiffes for the fpace of fiyen years, and r fo .long after, until the intended buildings of the Jaid city Jhould be lly fimfhed\ any law orJlatute to the contrary notwitbjlanding: and *2&*jCar.s« hereas by another aft made in the two and three and twentieth years c*I?* the reign of thefaid King) it is enafted and declared, That the faid mfe or branch of the faid aft herein before recited, Jhould remain \acontinue in force, and be made perpetual, and the powers and an-orities thereby given and appointed to be executed by fuch perfons as ould in that behalf be authorized and appointed by the faid mayor, dermenj and commons in common council ajfembled) according to the nor thereof under their common feal) or any feven or more of them, mid and might for ever thereafter be put in execution, according to h purport and iff eft of the aforefaid aft: and that no other commoner , or any other per [on whatfoever, jhould at any time then after xtermiddU in the premifftS) within the faid city and liberties thereof ; ny law or Jlatute to the contrary notwithflanding: and whereas fome oubts have arifen whether the faid perfons fo authorized have the libe ewers and authorities vejled in them) as commijfmers of fewer S) by virtue of their commijfon) and of the laws and ftatutes of this realm, ave in any county within that part of Great Britain called Eng-and ; for explaining the fame, and for remedying the mifehiefs lereift after mentioned, be it declared and enaCted by the Queen’s mod excellent nftajeily, by and with the advice and :onfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the com-nons, in parliament affembled, and by the authority of the ame, That the faid perfons fo, as aforefaid, authorized and ap- The perfons >0 in ted by the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the faid city authorized by )f London in common council aflembled, or that (hall hereafter m*y°r> n like manner be authorized and appointed for the purpofes in aon^av^and :he faid recited aCts mentioned, have of right exercifed and put (hall exercife n practice, and (hall or may, for the time to come, exercife and in London,&c. put in practice, within the (aid city of London, and liberties of all thc P°*crs the fame, all and every the powers and authorities given to and ^HTioners of * veiled in any commitlioners of fewers in any other county or fewers, in any place, by force and virtue of any the laws and llatutes of this other county . realm, or of any commiflion to them granted, purfuant to the or place; fame, and (hall be deemed and taken to be commiflioners °f	ot	it

fewers within the limits aforefaid, fubjeCt neverthelefs to the &	Car.

limitations and directions of the faid ftatute of the two and three c. 17. and twentieth years of the reign of our faid late fovereign King*

Clerks the Second.

II. And

Vot. XI.

Ii

Digitized by GOOQle

48a

Collectors of the rates refuting on notice to appear before the commiffioners and to give an account on oath, or neglecting to col-left, See. or to pay the money cotieded, (hall forfeit xol. to be levied by diftrefs, See.

To be paid into the chamber of London, and applied to the maintaining the fewers.

This aft not to extend to the conferva-torihip of the Thames.

If any aCtion be brought for what is done in purfu-ance of this alt, the defendant may plead the general iffuejftnd

Anno feptimo Annas. e. 9.	[170I.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* Tint if any perfon or perfons appointed by the faid laft-mentioned flatute to tie collectors of the rates and duties that fhaH be a£-fefled, according to the directions of the laid ftatute, for the ends and purpofes therein contained, (hall negieCt or refafc, upon due notice to him or them given, to appear before the find com-miffioners, at the place of their pubhek meetings, and give a juft and true account, upon oath, of all monies by him or them collected and received for the purpofes aforefaid, which oath the faid commiffioners, or any feven of them, at any their pubtick meetings, according to the directions of the bid ftatute, are hereby authorized and impowered to admmifter, or (hall neglect or rerufe to colled fuch futn or fums as (hall be fpcctfied in a roll delivered to him, or (hall negieCt or refufe to pay fuch money fo collected, as upon fuch account (hall appear to be in his hands, into the chamber of the faid city, according to the directions of the faid aCt, every perfon fo negleCting or refuting to appear, collect, or pay, fhall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding ten pounds, over and above what money he (hall be chargeable with, to be fet and impofed by the laid commiffioners, or any feven of them$ which (aid penalties, and all other tines that be fet and impofed by the odd commiffioners, purfuant to the authority to them given, (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon fix offending, by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid cominif-fioners, or any feven of them, rendring the overplus, (if any be) after the charges of fuch diftrefs and lale deducted, to the owner of the faid goods; all which tines and fums of money, and all other fines to be fet and impofed by the faid commiffioners foall be paid into the chamber of London, and applied for and towards the maintaining, repairing, cleanfing, and (coining the publick drains and fewers within the faid city and liberties thereof.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aCt contained, (hall be adjudged, deemed, or taken to extend to the confervatorftup of the mer of 27wmtSj or to give any jurifdiCtion to the faid commiffioners to intermeddle with the lame, or to alter the powers or authorities of the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, touching the fame, but the fame fhall or may continue to be managed, executed, and done, as before the making of this aCl; any thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it Further enaCted, That if any aCtion, fuit, plaint, or information, fhall at any time after the firft day of May% one thoufand feven hundred and nine, be commenced, fued or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for what he or they fhall do, in purfuance ot any of the recited aCts, or this aCt^ fuch perfon or perfons fo fued'or profecuted in any couit what-foever, fhall or may plead the general iflue, and upon iffue joined, may give the faid aCts, or Siis aCt, or any of them, and the

(pecial



Aqno feptimo Annje. c. io.	4&3

fecial nuftta;, as the cafe may require, in evidence t and if d>& recover plaintiff pr profocutor become noafuk, or funer difeontinuanee,treb c col“* or if. a verdidi pafs againii him, her, or them, the defendant or defendants fhali recover treble colts,, for which they fhaU hay®

Cite like remedy as in any cafe where cofts by law are given to: defendants.

V.	And it is alio enafted. That this aff, and the faid recited AU the fail , adls, (hail be deemed and taken for publick ails.	taken°as pub-

♦	r A P V	lick a6ts.

^ Ar' Af	.	19 Car. *. c. p

An aS far nwdring mere effectual the Ums concerning cdm~ ®*&nCar.*« miffisns offtwer^ :	c,7‘

WHEREAS by the laws notu irt force concerning Cdmmiffons FVeamWcre- ' of fewers it is provided, That if any perfon or forfeits oeing citing the tart affeffed or taxed to any lot or charge for any lands, tenement$y or ht- *ernii» com* redstaments within the limits of any fuch commlfTion, do not fay the R«w of faid lot and charge, according to the order and alignment of the com- fewer** tniffioners, having power of the execution of the Jaid comtrAJfion, that then the faid commiffimers for lack of payment offuch lot and charge* may decree and ordain the faid lands and tenements from the owner or owners thereof and their heirs, and the heirs of every of them, to any jperfon or perfons, for term of years, term of life, fee-fimple, or fee-fatly for payment of thefame lot and charge, the faid decrees and ordinances to be executed in fuch manner, as by the faid laws now in fora is direfied and appointed; and it is thereby provided. That the fame decrees and ordinances JhaU bind all and every perfon and perfons, that at the making of the fame decree had any interejl ifi fuch lands, tenements^ arid hereditaments, in ufe> poffejfm, teverfion, or remainder, their \ heirs andfeoffees, and every of them \ and JhaU alfo bind as well the bends, tenement sy and hereditaments of the King ^/“England, as all and evefy other perfon and perfons and their heirs, and fuch their interefi,

Cts they Jhallfor tune to nave in any lands, tenements, and hereditaiftents% or other cajual profit, advantage, or commodity whatfoever they be, whereunto the faid laws, ordinances, and decrees Jball in any wife extend, according to the true purport, meaning, and intent of thefaid laws; but the faid laws offewer s now in force, have been found defefiive, in that Jefficient pstver and authority is not thereby given to commijfiohers of fewers, to male fale of copyhold or cufiomaty lands within the limits of their commiffion for the Confer aforefaii\ for remedy whereof, be it After *$ enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, ny and with the March, 170$. advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commiflioners commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the au- °or thority of the fame. That from and after the five and twentieth mcnt of any day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feveq hun- lot afleffed oa dred and nine, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the com* copvhold miflioners authorized by commiffion from her Majefty, her heirs [he fame^ni and fucceffors, or any fix or more of them, to put in execution tiic owner*, the laws now in force concerning fewer*, for non-payment of &c. dnylot or charge afiefied or charged upon any copyhold or cuftomary lands within the limits of their commiffion, and by

Ii %	the



The faid decrees to be executed as decrees concerning freeholds.

484	Anno feptimo AtWJB. c. 10.	1170S.

the power and authority of the faid commiffion of fewer** to decree and ordain the faid copyhold Or cuftomary lands fo charged from the owner or owners, and their heirs, and the heirs of every of them, to any per Ion or perfons, for fuch eftate and interest therein, as the faid owner or owners thereof* or any claiming in remainder under them, at the time of fuch decree made, had in the fame copyhold lands, tenements, and hereditaments; the faid decrees to be made and executed, as decrees concerning* freehold lands are, by the faid laws now in force, to be made and executed.

The buyers of H- Provided always. That all and every perfon or perfons, to fuch copyhold whom any fuch fale of copyhold or cuftomary lands or tenements lanK*	flwU	ma<*e»	before	fuch	time	as	they	or	any of them

©fwhom bold- cnter> or ta^e any Profit of the fame lands or tenements, eii, for the sc- agree and compound with the lords of the manors, of whom cuftomed the fame (hall be holden, for fuch lines or incomes, as hereto-^orc	been mo ft ufual and accuftomed to be yielded or paid

therefore; and that upon every fuch agreement or compofition, the faid lords for the time being, at the ne\t court to be holden at or for the faid manors, lhall not only grant to fuch vendee or vendees upon requeft, the fame copyhold or cuftomary lands or tenements by copy of court roll of the faid manors, for fuch eftate or intereft as to them (hall be fo decreed or fold, and relerving the ancient rents, cuftoms, and fervices, but alfo (hall in the lame court admit them tenants of the fame copyhold or cuftomary lands, as other copyholders of the fame manors have been wont to be admitted, and to receive their fealty accordingly.

III.	And be it further enaCted and declared. That k (hall and may^wai^*	lawful	to	and	for	the	commiflloners	of	fewers,	or any fix

rant impower or more of them, by warrant under their hands and feals, to any pertbn to give authority to any perfon or perfons, to levy the fums of mo-*cvyth* hey by them, from time to time, to be aflelied or taxed upon ftref* ancl foie. lands, meadows, marifhes, or grounds, liable or chargeable The overplus' any feifes, taxes, impofitions, or charges, by authority oi tobereftored their faid commifllon, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of luch to the owner, perfon or perfons that (hall not pay, or refufe to pay the fame-, and the overplus of the money arifine upon fuch fale, after deduction of the reafonable charges of making fuch diftrefs aod fale, (hall be reftored to the owner or owners of the goods fo diftrained.

lords to admit them te nants.

Six of the commiflloners

1

CAP.



I

1 ?°* I Anno fepdmo ANN;®. c*iU

-	CAP.	XI;	?

Am u8 fat afc&taMkg and dire Sling the payment of the aU . lokaances to be made, for or upon the exportation from Scot-, land, of f/hf beef , and. pork, cured with foreign fait im~:

: ported before the, firJldayofMxy, one tboufand /even bun-~ dftd and feven\and for difpojtng fucb fait fill remaining in the bands of bear Majeft/s fubjefis there \ and for after-taining and fecuring the allowances for fifh and fiqfh ex-parted, and to be exported from Scotland for the future. ,

WHEREAS certain quantities of white herrings, and of fal~

. mon, codfifht beef and port, cured with foreign Jalt only, which was imported into Scpfland before the firjl day of May, one tboufand fityen hundred and /even (at which time the happy union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland took effeft) have been, fince the faid firjl day of May, one tboufand feven hundred and feven, exported from Jeyeral parte of Scotland, juch herrings, falmon, and codfifh. refpeh’tvely, having bate firjl duly pined, cured, and packed for ex~ portation with the faid foreign Jalt only, without any mixture of Britilh or Iri(h fait, according to the laws and aSls of parliament forv merly made in Scotland, and fill in force in that behalf j and the faid

**5

nine,certain other quantities of white herrings,falmon, codfifh, beef\ and pork, do or may remain in Scotland ready iobe entred for exportation, from thence to parts beyond the feas, being alfo falted with foreign Jail imported into Scotland before the faid firfi day ofMxy, dne tboufand	;

feven hundred and feven, without mixture, as aforefaid-, an&juthfifh 1	"\J4';,

being alfo duly pined, tured, and packed, and the beef ahd porkfafc	. .. /f

mentioned being likewife intended for fate only: and whereas the Jum fatal of all the allowances claimed for the faid fifh and flejh exported^ and to be exported from Scotland, falted with foreign fait import^ ed before the faid firfi day of May, one tboufand feven hundred and feven, being computed according to the rates unquejlionably allowable for the like fifb and flejh falted with foreign fait imported ihto Scot*

Jand after the faid firjl day of Mayv^ tboufand feven hundred and feven, will not by ejVtmaiion exceed twenty eight tboufand four hundred fifty two pounds, nineteen /hillings, and feven pence*, be it ena&ed,

Fifh, 5fc. cured with foreign fait only, imported before t May, 1707. to have the fame allowances as fince the union. Debentures to be prepared for fifh, See. exported fince 1 Mav, 1707. and before 15 May, 1709. &c#

And to be brought to the commiflioners of the culloms at Edinburgh, by 15 July, 1709. Not to exceed 18,4.5x1. 19 s. 7d. Treafury to iffue money for payment to Sir Patrick Johnfon, See. EXP,

V, And for preventing frauds, be it enabled. That no de- No debenture Venture's for any allowances to be made by law for any fifh or flefh exported, or hereafter to be exported from Scotland (the111 oa * debentures fpr the faid allowances not exceeding the faid fum of x

I i 3	twenty

Digitized by GooQle



twenty eight thoufand four hundred fifty two pounds, nineteen (hillings, and (even pence, for Afh and fle(b cured with fiarripi (alt imported from Scotland before the union, as aforefairi, onW excepted) (hall be prepared or allowed until fuch oaths be made and taken, which the proper officers have hereby power to ad* minifter; and all fuch other matters and dungs be done and performed for preventing of frauds to her Majefty’* prejudice, as by any law or ftatute now in force in England or Jkohmi are to be made, taken, done, or oexformed for preventing frauds in the like allowances for the like kinds of fi(h and flielh respectively \ and all hws now in force in England or Scotland, for preventing any frauds upon the importation and exportation of fifh and flefh, for which the faid allowances are to be made by law, (ball be in force, and extended to Scotland.

< VI. And whereas certain quantities of fuch foreign fait imported into Scotland before the faid firfi day of May, one thoufand few* hundred and feven, doth fill remain in the hoods of feveral of her Majeftfs fubjefts there, not having been employed in the curing of fifh or flefh, or otherwife -howfoever, which fait in hand doth not, by computation, exceed in the whole fifty one thoufand feven hundred /event] feven hujhels, reckoning eighty four pounds weight to the bufhel\ it is hereby further ena&ed, WV.

Such foreign fait in hand to be weighed by the fait officer by i June, 170% and certified to the comnrifSoners by 15 July, 1709. Not to exceed 51,777 bufhels. Stock in hand not deliver*!, forfeited. Salt fb delivered to be Cellar’d, &c. Treasury to iffue money for payment at 91. per bcrfbel, to Sir Patrick Johnfon, &c. $ir Patrick Johnfon, &c. to have ad. per pound.

How the al- X. And for the better afeertamine and fecuring all fuch allowances for fowances as by law ought to be made for any fifli or flefh er-hereafter to be exported from Scotland, which have ’ been or (hall be duly falted and cured or>ly with foreign fait imported fince the faid firft day of May, one thoufand (even hundred and feven, or hereafter to be imported into Scotland, and for iffhich her Majefty's duties payable by the a<ft of union, have been, or (hall have been firft duly paid or fccured; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all (uch allowances (not

being already fatisfied) (hall be paid by the officer appointed to colled the duties upon fait payable in Scotland, out of the fame duties arifen or to ayde in the fame port from whence any fuch fifh have been or fhall be exported, within thirty days after demand thereof, on a debenture to be prepared by the collectors pf the cuftoms in the port where foch fifh or flefn have been or (hall be entred out for exportation, and verified by the perfon executing the office of fearcher in fuch port, as to the quantity of fifh or flefh adually fhipt, and that the oath of the exporter or agent be firft taken before the principal officers of the (aid port, before the debenture be allowed, who are hereby required and impowered to give the faid oath, that the fifh in every fuch debenture mentioned, were caught by her Majcfty’s fubjeds, inhabitants pf Great Britain, and that fhe fi(h and flefh in fuch

px*.

debenture

Digitized by

Google

4

1708.3	Anno ftptimo Anna. c. i i.

debenture mentioned, were really exported to parts beyond the leas forTale, and not intended to be relanded in	,

■ttnd were duly cured only with foreign fait imported into Scot-'Lftti after the faid firft day of May, one thou land feven hundred '«nd feven, without any mixture of Britijb or Irijb fait, and that ‘feer Majefty’s duties for fuch imported fait (hall have been duty j*paW or fecured, all which particulars (hall be fpecifted in (uch •debentures rdpe&Svety, for which debenture or debentures no 4be or rewtiti (hall be taken j and in cafe the officer liereby di-‘Tested to pay fuch debenture, (hall not have (ufficient money in 4tis hands to pay the fame, then fuch officer and officers (nail Ipve a certificate in writing thereof, without fee or charge, to the exporter or his agent, to be direfted richer to the commiffioners of ’the cuftoms, or the commiffioners of excife in Scotland, at the option of the hid exporter, or his agent, and upon producing fuch -certificates, together with the debenture or debentures fo certified, the commiffioners of the cuftoms, or the commiffioners of excife for the time being, to whom fucheertificate (hall be direfted, ihall catife fuch debenture or debentures fo certified, to be paid and fatisfied without fee or charge, in courfe, out of any her Majefty’s duties arifing upon fait in Scotland, or out of the faid revenues of cuftoms and excife in Scotland, or any of them, which are hereby charged therewith, and made liable thereunto, out of the firft monies arifing by the faid revenues refpeftively, and with preference to all other payments whatfoever to be made out of the fame; the charges of raifmg and managing thofe re- gj 10 dma$ venues, and the fees, falaries, and other charges allowed, or to /*6. f. iot. be allowed by her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, for keeping Tbifi falarUs up the court of feflion and jufticiary, and the Exchequer court in Scotland, always excepted, and foreprteed ; any law, ftatute, or ufage to the Contrary in any wife notwithftanding; and any	1

officer or'officers, commiffioner or commiffioners, to whom it tnay belong to certify or pay any fuch debenture or debentures, rrfufing or neglefting to do his or their duty therein, as is hereby ^direfted, (hall forfeit double the fern fo to be paid, to the party grieved, to be recovered in the Exchequer of Scotland, as •forefaid.

XI. Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall Not t0 cJl!|rgt extend to charge any part of, or leflen direftly or indireftly the the overplus^ overplus of the cuftoms of Scotland, exceeding the fum of thirty of the cuftoms thobfand pounds per annum, mentioned in the fifteenth article of excife m bf the faid union, or any part of the overplus of the excife of Scotlan * Scotland, exceeding the fum of thirty three thoufand five hundred pounds per annum, mentioned in the fame article; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XII.

An act for preferving the privileges of ambaffadors, and other publick mimjlers of foreign princes and Jiates*

WHEREAS feveral turbulent and diforderly perfons having Preamble, re-W in a mojl outragiom manner injulted the perfon of his excel- citing that the

lency	Czar’s am-

4&S	Anno fepeitao	Anna [xyot.

hafTador hav.. fatty Andrew Arteraqnowitz Mattueof, qmbaffafae Sfi" *r* -of his Czari/b Majejly, Emperor of Great Rufia, itr Majfjtji % good friend and ally, by arrefting him, and taking Mm by enolamce oat of bis coach in the publick ftroet, and detaining him in cuftady far jeueral hours, in contempt of the protection granted by her Addje/dy contrary to the law of nations, and in prejudice of the rights Mod privileges which ambqfadors and other publick minifters, autboftssad and received as fuck, have at all times been thereby pctffcjfed of, amd aught to be kept facred and inviolable; be it therefore declared by the Queen?s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons* in parliament aflemWed, and by the authority of the fame* That fuits agafnft adions and fuit9, writs and procefles commenced, fued, dk liim (hould be profecuietf ifgatnftlh'e faid~ambaflador, by anrperfon or perfbm void.	whatfoever,	and	all bail bonds givetrby the laid ambaflador, or

any other perfon or perfons on bis behalf, and all recognizances of bail given or acknowledged in any fuch a&ion or fuit, and nil proceedings upon or by pretext or colour of any fiich suftion or fuit, gfrit or procefs, and al) judgments had thereupon, are utterly null and void, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to be utterly null and yfijcj, tp alt Intents, conftru&mns, and purpofc whatlocven

And all pro* JJ. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That aU eq.-proceedings, and records againft the hud ambaflador, or ii* bail vacat. bis bail, Xhall be vacated and cancelled.

:d.	III.	And	to	prevent the like infolcnci$s for the future, be it

^'Proceffcs further declared by the authority aforefaid, That all writs god publick1^mi- Proce^"es that lhall at any time hereafter be fued forth or profe-!tcr, or any of cuted*, whereby the perform of any ambaflador, or other publick bis fervants, minifter of any foreign prince or ftate., authorized and c^ceivpA tobh adjudged as fuch:by	Majefty, her heirs or fuccdlorsVor the domeftiac,

drae iconic t>r domeftick lervaiifof any fuch ambaflador, or other publick ’ jninifter, may be arrefted or imprifoned, or his or their goods or chattels may be diflrained, feized, or attached, (Hall be deem* cd and adjudged to be utterly null and vqid to all intents, con* ftru&ions, and purpofes whatfoever.

Punlfhment	IV* And	be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

Ac	Thatin	any pertbn br petibns (hall prefume to ftie forth or

fuch procefs. profecute any fuch writ or procefs, fuch perfon and perions, and 'all attornies and folicitora prpfecuting and foliciting in fuch cafe, and all officers executing any fuch writ or procefs, being thereof convi&edy by the confeflW of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witoefs orwitneffes, before the lord chancellor, pr lore} keeper of the great feal of Great Britain, the chief juftice of the court of <%ueeris Benchs the chief juftice of the court of Common Picas for the time being, or any two of them, fliall be ^eerned violators of the Taws of nation^, and difturbers of the publick repofe, and (hall fuffer fuch pains, penalties, and cor* poral punifhment, as the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, and the faid chief juftices, or any two of them (hall judge fit to be impofed and inflicted.

• ; •	  V.	Pto:

Awio fcpritno Ann.*. c, 13.	489

■ V. Provided, and be it declared. That no merchant or fojher No merchant, trader whatfoever, within the defcription of any bf the ftatutea ** *“ haY* . againft bankrupts, who hath or (hall ppt himfelf into the fervice Jf* fit. any fuch ambaflador or publick minifter, (hall h'qve or take Nor the fer-^tny manner of benefit by. this a <51 j and that no perfon (hall be rant of an * in-proceeded againd as having arrefted the fervant of an ambafla- bafTadoi-, un-iior or publick minider, by virtue of this a&, unlefs the name beregiftred*' of fuch fervant be firft regiftred in the office of onb of the prin- &c.	‘ * J

cipal Secretaries of (late, and by fuch Secretary transmitted to the Sheriffs of London and	Mtddlefex for the time being, .or their un-

der fheriffs or deputies, who (hall, upon the receipt thereof, hang up the fame in fome publick place in their offices, whereto all perfops may refort, and tajte copies thereof, without fee' or (reward.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. This aA to be That this a<51 (hall be taken and allowed in all courts within this taken as a kingdom as a public(c a<51 j and that all judges and ju dices (hall publick aft. take notice of it without Special pleading; and all lheriffs, bailiffs, and other officers and minifies of judice, concerned in the esse-jcution of procefs, are hereby required to have regard to this a&, TaJbi*i*m,>* as they tvsfl anfwef (bp contrary at their ppjriJ.	'

CAP. XIII.

An all for the better afeertaining the lengths and breadths

of wooden cloth made in the county of York.	•>

WHEREAS divers abufes and deceits havf of late years _	’

YV	been nfid in the manufacture of woollen cloths in the cosenty . ,1

of York, with refpefl to the	breddth, lengthy and and	•

{training of the fame, which tends to the great	and	-	1

valuing of the ftid manufacture, both at home and in foreign parts . i yherethe feydcloths are vended for remedy whereof, be it en-a&ed by the Queen’s moll excellent majefty, by aqd with the advice and. content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in. parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the four and twentieth day of June,	’

which (ftall be in the year of Lord one thoufind Seven hundred rioth to and nine,, every broad cloth m?de in the faid tbtfnty	to.be made ia

whether me fyipc be called an end or half cloth, or a Iopg or Yorldhire, af-twhole cloth, being well fcoured, and folly mill’d, (hall, at theter June *4* lead,, be five quarters and an half by the (tandard yard wand in	hl<.

breadth withip the lids, in the water, being folly wet; and every fucb cloth called an end or half cloth, (hall not exceed Xttkflme - , in length threeand twenty yards, being folly wlet} and erery foch	~

jpfoth called a long or whole doth, (hall pot exceed forty fix yards’ c , ,° f , **’*’ in lengfo? lining folly wet; and foat all forts of	cloths	’	s’’

caljed ^holc-thick-kerfeys, and whole-thick-plain*, • (hall not be made under feyeptefn yards and an half in length, and pot }efs than three quarters and an Half in breadth by foe dandard yard yrand, when fully wet.	!

1|.



490	'	Anno	fcpthno AuM*. C13.

Funifhnunt of ft. And be it farther enaded by the authority aforetrid*. That

if any clothier or other peribn fhall, after tne faid four and o^rwHc # twentieth day of *Jwi£% in the faid year one thoufand (even hun-made9 to (ale dred and nine, make, offer, or cxpofe to fale any of the afbre-For nanufat- faid cloths which (hall be made after the faid four and twentieth **** & d**b in day pf June, and not made according to the faid rcfpedHvc iTMJki breadths and lengths, every fuch perlon fo offending, being st Geo's, c.h thereof convidted by the oath of any overfeer or fearcher of doth, 7Geo«i. C.S5. appointed or to be appointed within the feveral and refpefiive iiGeo.i. c.*S. parifhes or townlhips in the faid county of Yorhy by any former law now in force, or by the oath of one or more other credible witneffes before any juftice of peace within the faid county, or of any corporation within the fame (provided fuch juftice be not a merchant or trader in the woollen manufacture) which oath the faid iuftices relpedtively are hereby impowered to ad-minifter, (hall for every inch the faid refpeCtive cloths Ih^Il be leis than the faid refpeCtive breadths, and for every yard the faid broad cloths called a long or whole doth, (hall exceed the faid length of fix and forty yards, and for every yard the (aid broad doth called an end or half cloth (hall exceed the (aid length of three and twenty yards, and for every half yard the faid whole-thick-kerfeys or whole^thick-plains (hall be lefs m length than fe\ enteen yards and a half, as aforefaid, forfeit re-fpeCtively the fura of twenty (hillings.

Ownen,&e.	III. And be it further enabled by the authority afone/ajd,

of*nullinf That die owner or occupier of every fulling mill in the Hid feal of^lead * county °f Tar/, where any of the faid refpeCtive cloths flull be mentioning*in wiled or fulled, (hall fix or caufe to be fixed at each end of figures the	every fuch cloth, before it is carried from the mill, a fed of

ifn®!?,Knr	.riveted and ftampt with his name, mentioning in figures

each°cloth.	number of yards and inches that the (aid cloth con-

tains in length and breadth, when wet, fcoured, and milled, for which he (hall be paid, by the owner of the faid cloth, the fom of one penny, and no more.

Fitter* tefoT-	IV. And be it further ena&ed. That if the owner or occupier

of any fuch mill (hall at any time refufc or negleCt to fix fuch Amsdefam* as «?>forriaid, to any fuch cloth, or if any perfons (hall af-

&	the/aid * Awards Uke off, deface, counterfeit, or alter the figures of • or any fiich feal, before the cloth is exported or fold to the retailer, ftretching U* or if any perfon whatfoever fhall, after the faid four and tweiw sTSeea.	ftretch	or ftrain any piece of the faid wool*

«4by this icn cloths more than one inch in every Quarter of a yard in the breadth, or any piece of the faid broad cloths more thin one yard in every twenty yards in length, or any piece of the faid whole-thick-kerfeys and whole-thick-plains mote than half a yard in every fevenleen yards and an half in length, when the faid refpedtive cloths are wet, fcoured, and tnilled, as oforefaid, or if any owner or occupier of any fuch fulling mill, as aforefaid, (hail, after the faid twenty fourth day pf mill or full, or caufe to be milled or fulled in any on#

ffock



1708.3

JWo feprtmo Ann.*, e.ij.

49*

flock at the feid time, any frtore than one whole broad doth* or two baif broad cloths, then,, and in every, fuch cafe, every foch perfon that lhall fo neglect oi* offend, and'be thereof con- . f r .(,. Vifted in manner aforefaid, riiall for every fuch negieft or of- r,.^ nf,^ f, fence forfeit the fum of twenty IhiHings.

‘ V. And be it further enabled. That all fuch forfeitures as {frail happen by reafon of this aft, (hall be the One half thereof One half of ip the informer,, and the other half to the poor of the townihip ‘b* fcrt«inii«' 6r place where the offence (hall be committed j and that if anyto ***? int?rm* Offender lhall, by the fpace offeven days next after he lhall be wth^poor. convicted, refufe or negieft to pay any fotfeiture by him in- Otfeudernot curred by reafon of this aft, then, ana not before, it (hall and paying the u\ay be lawful for the iuftiee or jufffas of the peace before whom ,0|jt3eituJS fuch conviftipn ftiall be made, agid fodi juftice or juftices of the c0nvyiaion,r peace are hereby required, to iltue out one or more warrants thc justice to under his or their handajmd feals, to thecbnftabfes of the town iffue hiswar-6r place ‘	‘	'	'	*	’	'

Within the feme by diftrefs;

overplus (if any be) to the offender; and’where no fufficient feoder to be diflrefs can be found, to commit the offender to the houfe of correction, or gaol of the county or corporation, to be kept to correttion &c. hard labour for fuch time as the juftice of,the peace before whom	’

fpch conviction lhall be made, lhall direft, not exceeding one month for any one offence.

VI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That the penalties incurred by reafon of this aft, be inflicted within ten days next after the offences are committed, or difeovered.	t0 “

' VII. Provided always. That if it lhall happen that any fuch clothes, as aforefaid, without any wilful default of the maker ” thereof lhall in feme parts (not exceeding in the whole one without the fifth part of the length) he Ifcfs than the refpecHve breadths afore- default of tba faid, yet fuch clothes may be fold without incurring any of the maker, be left penalties by this aCt itnpofed on the maker or feller thereof. ?han.tt'e -

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or per- theynw fons find him or themfelves aggrieved by any order or warrant 1* (old with, made by any juftice or juftices of the peace upon any conviction out penalty, before him or them in purfoance of this aft, fuch perfon or T^e P^y aB* perfons may appeal to tne next general quarter feflions of the to t^e peace to be held for the county or place where foch conviftion fclfioiii, whq Jhall be made, giving fufficient notice of foch appeal; and if may allow ithe juftices of the peace at fuch feflions lhall think fit to confirm co“s*

or difennul thc faid order or warrant, they lhall allow foch cofts aod charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they lhall think reafonable, to be levied and paid in foch manner as ts ufoal in >other cafes of appeals from the orders of any juftices of the peace to the quarter feflions.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any aftion or foit lhall hereafter be commenced or pro-

fecuted againft any perfon or perfon^ by this aft authorized to t|,e gen^a 4

put iffue,



W1

411	Ajiod	feprimo	AWJR.	c.	14.	[1708.

1>ut tht Tame in execution, all and every perfon and perfons b bed may plead the general tffiie, and give this aft and the fpe-cial matter in evidence; and if the plahtiff (half beeptne nonfuit* or forbear further profecution, or (ufFer difcontinuance, or a 1 verdift pafsagainft him, or judgment upon demurrer, the defendant or defendants (hall recover his and their treble cofts, fot which he and they (hall have like remedy as ih cafes wherein and (ball reco. c°fts by 'aw arc given to defendants; and this aft (hall be taken «er treble	and allowed as a publick aft in all courts within this kingdom \

cdh.	and all judges and juftices are hereby required to take notice

thereof as fucb, without fpecial pleading of the fafrie.

CAP..XIV.

An a£l for the better prefervation of parochial libraries in that part of Great Britain called England.

H E R E A S in many places in the fouth parts of Great Britain called England and Wales, the provifion for the clergy is fo mean, that the necejfary expence of books for the better profecu-tion of their fiudies cannot be. defray A by them; and whereas of late yearSy fevered charitable and well-difpyed perfons have by charitable contributions erefled libraries within feveral parijhes and dijlricls iff England and Wales ; but fome provifion is wanting tq preferve thq famef and fucb others as Jball be provided in the fame manner, from embczilrnent y be jt therefore enafted by the (Queen's moft ex-r cellent majefty, by and with the advice and cpnfent of the lords fpiritual, apd temporal, and commons, in this pnefent parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in every pa*

______r._ ri(h or place where fuch a library is or fliaU bc^njfted, the fame

fcrved fur the fhall be prefcrved for fuch ufe and ufcs, as the jame is and (haft iifea-t* which be given, and the orders and rules of the founder or founders lt w &***’ “c* of fuch libraries fhall be obferved and kept.	r

Incumbents^ II. And for the encouragement of fuch founders and bener &e. before faftors, and to the intent they may be fatisfied, that their piouf and charitable intent may not be fruftrated ; be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every incumbent, reftor, vicar, minifter, or curate of a pari(h, before he fhall be permit* ted to ufe and enjoy fuch library, fhall enter into fuch lecurity by bond or otherwise, for prefervation of fuch library, and due If any book onfervance of the rules and orders belonging to the fame, as be taken away, the proper ordinaries within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, iq &c. th? in- their diferetion, (hall think fit; and in cafe any book qr books enmbent may belonging to the faid library (hall be taken away and detained.

In every pa-nth where a library (hall ^ be erefted," it 'fhall be pre-

they ufe the libranr, (hall give (ecurity to preferve it.

M^iaUreco-Way ^ Iawful for the faid ipepmbent, reftor, vicar, ver treble damages, to the ule of library.

intnifter, or curate for the time being, or any other perfon or perfons, to bring an aftion of trover and conv^rfion, in the the name of the proper ordinaries within their refpeftivp jurjf-diftions ; whereupon treble damages (hall be given with fujl tofts of fuit,- as if the faqne were his or their proper book or books, which damages ihaU be applied to the ufe aqd henefk fif the £*id library,	'

• III, A«4



17^8	'	Ariho	feptitffo AHUM. C. i4.

IIL And k is further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,The ordinary. That it ftull and may be lawful to and for the proper ordinary, rTiM^tht or his com miflary or official in his' refpedtive jurifdi<ftion, or 3atJ of the the archdeacon, or by his dire&ion his official or furrogate, if library, and, the (aid. archdeacon'be not the incumbent of the place where amend thede-fuch library is, in his or their rrfpe&ive vifitatiori* to enquire*^* into the ft ate and condition of the faid libraries* amt to amend and redrefs the grievances and defelU of and concerning the fame, as to him or them (hall feem meet; and it (hall ana may be lawful to and for the proper ordinary, from time to time,;as often as (hall be thought fit, to appoint foch perfon or perfdns and .appoint . as he (hall think fit, to view the ftate and condition of luchli-'P^11* *° >•* braries, and the faid ordinaries, archdeacons, or officials re-	***

foe^lively, (hall have free accef9to the fame at fuch times as they *

(hall refpedively appoint.	-	a

IV.	And be it alfo further enafted by the authorityaforefaid, Ineumbcnt, That where any library is appropriatca to the ufe or the mini- 8cc. to make a fter of any parilh or place, every redlor, vicar, minifter, or catalogue of Curate of the fame, within fix months after his inftitution, in-du<5lion, or admiffion, (hall make or caufe to be made a new the ordinary, catalogue of all books remaining in, or’ belonging to fuch li-brary, and (hall fign the faid catalogue, thereby acknowledging ‘ thef cuftody and pofTeffion of the faid books ; which faid cata- and i logue fo figiied, (hall be delivered to the proper ordinary within WIt out *** the time aforefaid, to be kept or regiftred in his court, with-	«	*

out any fee or reward for the fame.

* V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Where libra-where there are any parochial libraries already erected, the in- ncs are aU ctembent, redtor, vicar, minifter, or curate of fuch parifti or place, (hall make or caufe to be made a catalogue of all books t0 ^ mate; in the fame, thereby acknowledging the cuftody and pfcfleffion &c. before thereof; which catalogue fo figned, (hall be delivered to the *9 Sept, iyo* proper ordinary, on or before the nine and twentieth day °f ^ ftaifbe September, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thou- crelfted, with-fand feven hundred and nine; and where any library fhaii in 6 months at any time hereafter be given and appropriated to the ufeafw* of any parifh or place, where there (hall be an incumbent, re&or, vicar, minifter, or curate inpofleffion, fuch incumbent, redlor, vicar, minifter, or curate, (hall make or caufe to be made a catalogue of all the books, and deliver the fame, as aforefaid, within fix months after he (half receive fuch library.

VL And to prevent any imbezilment of books upofi the the death or removal of any incumbent, be it alfo enabled by the death or re* authority aforefaid. That immediately after the death or re- moval of any moval of any incumbent, redtor, vicar, minifter, or curate, the [^^church-library belonging to fuch parilh or place (hall be forthwith (hut wardensfli*n up, and locked, or otherwife fecured by the churchwarden or lock up the churchwardens for the time being, or by fuch perfon or perfons library, as (hall be authorized or appointed by the proper ordinary, or archdeacon refpedtively, fo that the fame (hail not be opened *gain, till a new incumbent, redfcor, vicar, minifter, or curate

(hall



49*	Ai&o	fcptjinp A#vm. C, *4*	[170*.

Itetf beiqdu$od or adouttsd. io$o thechurch qf fiich pariih or place.

Tbe vefby, VII. Provided always. That in cafe the place where filch li—

. brary is or (hah be kept, (hall be ufed for any publick occafioo Ubmies.tf ^or meeting of the veftry, or otheewife, for the difpatch of asy they did Jb bufinefs of the faid parifli, or for^apy other publick occafioo, formerly. for which the feid place hath beep ordinarily1 ufed, the place fhall neverthelefe be made ufe of as formerly for fuch pvtrptofcs, and after fitch bufinefs difpatched, fhall be wain forthwith (hue and iockt up, or otherwise fecured, as. is before directed.

Tbe inetjm- VII. And bo it aUb further eaa&ed by the authority afbre-bent ball en- faid. That for the better prefervatiain of the books belonging to ter the bene- fuch libraries, and that the benefactions given towards the feme «d nay appear, a book fhall be kept within the faid library for the ”™** entring and regillring of all fuch benefadiions, and fuch books as (haul be given towards tbe feme, and therein the minifter, redtor, vicar, or curate of the feid parilh or place, fhall enter or caufe to be fairly entred fuch blnefediion, and an aocount of all fuch books as (hall from time to time be gives, and by whom given.

The ordinary IX. And for the bettdr governing the faid libraries, aad and donor	preferring of the fame, it is hereby further enadted by the au-

den concern^ thority aforefeid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for tbe ing tbe libra- proper ordinary, together with the donor of fuch bene*adhon, iy i	(if living) and after the death of fuch donor, for the proper or-

dinary alone, to make fuch other rules and ordea concerning the fame, over and above, and betides, but not contrary to fuen as the donor of fuch benefadhon fhall in his difcretion judge *ttI* ** fit and neceffery j which faid orders and rules fo to be made, SLr.iU ** ** fhall, from time to time, be entred in the fiud book, or feme other book to be prepared for that purpofe, and kept in the feid library.

Books not to X. And it is further enadted and declared by the authority be alienable aforefeid, That none of the faid books (hall in any cafe be alicn-r ith0f1 hC°"' a^e* nor any hook or books .that Audi hereafter be given by ordinary.	benefadlor	or benefadlors (hall be alienated, without the

If any book be confent of the proper ordinary, and then only when there is a loll, a juftice duplicate of fuch book or books; and that in cafe any book or of peace may books be taken or otherwife loft out of the feid library, it (hall fan" to fcarch aiM* maY he ^aw^ul to and for any joftice of peace within the for it; and if county, riding, or diviiion, to grant his warrant to feferch far found, it (hall the fame, and in cafe the feme be found, fuch book or books be reftored to	f0 found (hall immediately, by order of fuch juftice, be reftored

the library.	t0 tj,c fa;d library ; any law, ftatute, or ufege to the contruy in

any wife notwithftanding.

This a£l (hall XI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained not extend to (hall extend to a publick library lately erected in the parifh of erefledm RyeSate *n the county of S, for the ufe of the freeholden, Ryegate in	vicar, and inhabitants of the faid pari(h, and of the gentlemen

Surrey.	and clergymen inhabiting in parts thereto adjacent; the feid li-

brary

Digitized by LjOOQLC

m

i}o9J]	Anna feprimff Aim*.*. c. 15,16.

bftnry being confthutcd in another manner than the libraries provided for by this aft.

CAP. XV. ,

Am *8 for altering Whitfundde and Lammas terms, far the court of Exchequer in Scotland.

I. \\T H E R E A S it is found to bt	for	thejub-

V V jells of Scotland, that the terms to be kept and there, for the fitting of the court of Exchequer, Jhould bt at the fame time that the court of the lords of feffm is held and kept there; and that therefore it is inconvenient that Whftfuntide term for the /aid court	of Exchequer Jhould begin before the month of Jone, or

that Lammas term for the	fame court	Jbou continue the month

of July; be it therefore enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri- Whftfuntide tual and temporal, and the commons, in this pnefent parlia- term for the ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Whit- c®“rt funtide term for the faid court of Exch, (hall at all times $co3^,ntlw hereafter begin upon the firft day of , and (hall end upon 'begin jUi»er. the two and twentieth day of the faid month of , and that and end June Lammas term for the fame court (hall alfo at all times hereafter **• begin upon the feventh day of July, and end upon the fix and twentieth day of the fame month, except any of the faid days, 7, ,nd end r upon which the faid terms are appointed to begin and end, July *6. happen to be upon a Sunday, in which cafe the beginning or Except any of ending of fuch term, in which that happens, (hall he upon the day following.

ll.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid. ThatA" an procefles of the faid court of Exchequer which are returnable jjjflXvof Upon the firft day of Whitfuntide term niext enfuing, (hall be wbitfiratido returned into the faid court upon the firft day of June next en- term next, filing, and all perfons obliged to appear or anfwer in the faid (hail be return-court upon the firft day of the faid term, (hall be obliged to ap-pear and anfwer there upon the faid firft day of as fully Jun*‘ to all intents and purpofes, as fnch returns, appearances, or anfwers ought to have been upon the five and twentieth day of May next, if fuch alteration of the faid term, as is above, had not been made.

CAP. XVI.

An *8 to prevent the laying of wagers relating to the

pnhlick.

WHEREAS fever alperfons have of late years lend wagers, and executed Jcyeral policies for payment of great fums of money, upon fevtral contingencies relating to the	war,	ana	othor

matters relating to the government; which	bath	bun	found

to be inconvenient to the publick •, for preventing whereof for	»

ture, be it enaftdd, &c.

After the lift of March, 1709. all wagers relating to the war, and all policies of alTunncc for payment thereof, fliall be void: and all perfons mak-ing fuch wagers, all brokers, &c. (hall forfeit double the Atm of fucb «a< ® *

gen.

•igitizsd b} ^.ooQle

Atmd feptifrfo AWNA. d. rf:

[tfo8s

gm. One moiety to tbe Qwctu, the other to the profecotoc. This aft

mall not extend to any aflurance on any (hip. See. nor to hoods of bottomry, See.

GAP. XVII.

An *tf fir making tkore effectual an a& made irt the fkctb year of her Majtftfs reign* for tbe Better preventing of mifchiefs that may happen by fire.

I.	TX7HEREAS by an afl made in tbe loft fcjjwe ef pcrUa* V V mentf bolden in tbe fixtb year of her Maje/tys reign* in-4 Ann. c. 31. tituled* An a ft for the better preventing mifehiefs that happen BiGeo.i. c.at. by fire, it was* amengjl other things* enabled* That each and every parijh within the cities of London and Weft minder, and weekly bills of mortality, Jhall from time to time, and at all times, have and keep in good order and repair* in fome known and puhlick plate within each parijh > a large engine* and alfo a hand engine* to throw up water for the extinguishing of fires* and alfo provide* keep* and maintain one leather pipe and focket of the fame Jize as the plug or fire cocky to the intent the focket may be put into the pipe to convey tbe water clean* and without lofs* or help of tbe bucket* into tbe eng/au \ and for as much as feveral of tbe parijbes within tbe fold city of London were* after the great firt which happened in tbe year am tboufand fix hundred fixty and fix* united together* or to each other* etna for that fome doubt hath arifen* whether each of tbe faidparijbes v . fo united is not obliged to have and keep two /tub engines; therefore Thejparilhes for explaining the fame, and avoiding of any difpute or queftioo united after ^at may ar^e touching the conftruftion thereof, be it declared the fire, ftiall and enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with be taken at the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and. Sift	commons> *n this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-

in tSeaft* thority of the fame. That the faid parilhes fo united were in-4 Ann* c. 31. tended to be, and (hall (for the purpofes in the faid aft mentioned) be efteemed and taken as one parilh only.

II.	And whereas by tbe faid alt a reward of ten JbiUings is to be paid to the turn cock belonging to any water work* whofe water jhall be found on* or firft come into the main or pipe where tbe firfi plug others^ how to jfau 0peneg at any fire } thirty Jbillings to the firft engine keeper pai * which brings in a parijh engine to help to extinguijh any fire; twenty jbillings to the keeper of the fecond parijh engine that Jhall be next brought to a fire; and to the third ten Jbillings •* by the churchwardens of each pdrijb where fuch fire Jhall happen; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where the faid rewards are claimed, by reafon of any fire happening within the faid city of London, or the liberties thereof, the churchwardens of the parilh where fuch fire (hall happen, (hall not pay the faid rewards, or any of them, without the approbation and direftion of the alderman of the ward wherein fuch parilh is fituate, or. his deputy, or two of the common councilmen of the fame ward for the time being; and that the faid feveral rewards lhall likewife be paid and payable in like proportion, and .in the fame manner, to the keeper of any other large engine,

(though

The rewards to the turn cock and



i 70&]	!Aiiro fcptimo Asnm. c. 17.	497

(though not a pftrHh engine) who (hall bring in fuch large engine to help to extinguifh any fire, in good order, arid com-pleat.

III.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is further ena&ed, That in The veftries

cafe the veftries of any of the faid united pariihes, or of any o- may order

ther parishes within the weekly bills of mortality, (hall at any ™orecnSine> r •	/r c I*. c -j -A. • 1 r rv r	than one to

time conceive it neceflary for the faid parrih, in refped of the ^ jccpt m a

largenefs thereof, to have more than one great engine or hand parilh.

engines, it (hall and may be lawful for them to provide more

great engine or engines, hand engine or hand engines, at the

charge of the parith, by an affelTment to be made, as by the

faid former and this preient ad is prefcribed and provided; and

that the fame (hall be under the like regulations and encourage-*

ments as the engine or engines refpedivcly to be provided by

the faid former ad were and are to be.

IV.	And to the end the faid ad may be made more effedual a key and

for the purpofes the fame was intended, it is further enaded, pipe to be left That there (hall be left at the houfe, upon which there is a at the h°llfe . notice of a fire plug, a key to open the flop cock, and alfo a	w

pipe for the water to come thereout, to be made ufe of as oc- fire piug. cafion (hall require.

V.	And whereas there is no provijion made for raifing monies to defray the necejfary charges of providing and maintaining the faid engine or engines, flop blocks and fire cocks, and keysy and other implements and materials, and payment of the rewards or gratuities di-

r+fied by the find abt; be it farther enaded by the authority a- The parifh ' forefaid, That the churchwardens, overfeers of the poor, and officers, &c. * inhabitants, in a veftry duly fummoned, of the feveral parifhes raa7 J^f® . within the limits aforefaid, (hall and may, and they are here-by required from time to time (as often as there (hall be occa- gines, &c. lion) to rate and aflefs fuch competent fum and Turns of money as (hall be needfal and requifite for the ends aforefaid, in like manner as by law they may do for the maintenance and relief of the poor of their refpedive parifhes ; which rates being al- too^ as lowed and confirmed in like manner as the rates made for the poor r ** poor are or ought to be, (hall be colleded and levied in the fame manner as the rates made for the relief of the poor by but f„bjeft to law now may or ought to be collected and levied, fubjed ne- the like ap-verthelefs to the like appeal as in cafe of rates made for the re- peak lief of the poor; and the faid officers (hall be accountable for the fame in like manner as by law they are for the money by them levied and collected for the relief of the poor.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That jn caf€ 0f

where any (lop blocks of wood with plugs, or any fire cocks, moval of have been or (hall hereafter be made and fixed upon any mains mains or ' and pipes belonging to any water works by virtue of this or the pipe«* th£ faid former ad, the owners of the faid water works (hall afterwards	b£fixse(j

remove, change, or alter the faid mains or pipes, then in eve- and the key # ry fuch cafe the owners of the faid mains or pipes (hall, at their removed to own proper charges, place and fix the fame or the like Hop th* hou|® blocks, plugs, and fire cocks upon fuch new main or pipe fo	e	t

to be new laid, to be placed where the churchwardens for the p ^

Vol. XI.	Kk	time

Digitized by

Google

49*	AanoTeptiina Annjb. c. 17.	[1701

time being of the pari(h where the fame were placed* (hall <j red and appoint; and in fuch cafe of removal, the key sj pipe (hall be removed to the houfe upon which notice dull 1 of fuch fire plug*

VII. And whereas by the /aid a£l it was further enabled, Thci \ and every houfe and houfes that Jbould he erefted and built * either & old or new foundations, in any place or places in and about the c:j ^London and Weft minder, or other parijhes or places compr.^

_______v __ within the weekly bills of mortality, Jhall have party walls bi?&\

brick or ftone, houfe and houfe wholly of brick or ftone, and of two bricks that tend to Voufet	*n	™e Ci^ar an^ Sroun^ flows, and thirteen inches ibid u

on London Bridge.

The claufe in the *£t 6 Ann. c. 31. that party walk (hoald be wholly of

wards from the foundation quite through all the ftories of each h:t\ and eighteen inches above the roof and that no mundillion or com of timber or wood under the eaves, Jbould thereafter be made or f fered in any fuch new houfe or boufes; but that all front and n walls of every houfe and boufes, Jhall be built of brick or ft one, n carried two foot and an half high above the garret floor, and cs% with Jione or brick; be it declared and eroded by the authori aforefaid, That the faid recited claufe was not intended, or <k be conftrued, to extend to any houfe or houfes hereafter to I ereded and built upon any part of London Bridge, but that d fame may be erected and built with wood and timber, as hai been always hitherto ufed; the faid recited claufe, or any oth claufe in the (aid ad contained to the contrary thereof hi ai wife notwithftaBding.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority a(orefzic That from and after the firft day of May, which (hail be in tV year of our Lord one tboufand (even hundred and nine, all an every houfe ?nd houfes that (hall bq ereded and built, atht upon old or new foundations, in any place or places in and 2 bout the cities of London and Wcftminfter, or other parifties 0 places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, (excep houfes on London Bridge, and on the river of Thames belov bridge) (hall have party walls between houfe and houfe, wholli of brick or ftone (except door cafes, windows, lentils, breatf fummers, ftory pofts, and plates) of two bricks thick at the lead in the cellar, and one brick and an half thick upwards tc the top of the garret floor, and all gable ends to be one brick

door cafes, ic. in length, and eighteen inches above the roof, and to have nc beams or rafters lie or ftaod, or be in the brick works of the gable ends.

IX.	And whereas many fuits of law have been brought about iif walls (hall be ferences jn party walls, be it further eroded by the authority a-

*	forefaid,	That	all party walls that (hall hereafter be built, (hail

be built nine inches on each man's ground, whether the old party wall be brick, ftone, or timber, and that the firft builders (hall have power to pull down the feme, and build up the new party wall, as aforefeid, and be paid by the owner of the next houfe after the rate of five pounds per rod as foon as he Dull have built the faid party wall; and for all houfes hereafter to be built that will not yield the rent of twenty pounds per annum

mare

After May i, 1709, all boufes within the bills of mortality, (except on London Bridge, &c.) that mall be built on old or new foundations, (hall have party walls between houfe and houfe, except i»fic

How the party

tor the pulling down of party walk, fee u Geo. z. c. zg. f. 1.

Digitized by

*7°8*]	Annofeptimo	AtaN-ffi. C. 17.	499

moie than the ground rent, to be left to the difcretion of the builders: provided that all party walls for the fame be built with brick.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all chimney jambs and backs that (hall hereafter be ereCted or

built, (hall be nine inches thick from the cellars to the roof, backs, See! and all withs the infide of fuch chimnies, (hall be four inches (hall be built, and an half in breadth, and all the funnels plaiftered or par-gerted the infide from the bottom to the top, and that all chimnies be turned or arched under the hearths with brick, (except *ipon a ground floor) and that no timber (hall lie nearer than five inches to any chimney, funnel, or fire place; and all mantles between the jambs arched over with brick, and no wood or wainfeot (hall be placed or affixed to the front of any jaulb or mantle of any chijmney, nearer than, five inches from the infide of fuch jamb or mantle; and that all gable ends called nine inches thick in party walls, be rendred on the ruffed fide; and that all doves and boilers, coppers, and ovens that (hall be hereafter fet up with brick or done, (hall not be nearer than nine inches at the lead to the adjoining houfe, and no timber to lie nearer thartfive inches to any fire place or flew.

XI.	And whereat the difii/ling of turpentine, and the drawing of Not above oil of turpentine and reftn by diftilling of common 1turpentine, and the gallons of boiling of the jaid oil and turpentine together for making of common turpentine, varnijb, within .the city of London, and the liberties thereof has ^c.

often been, and may hereafter prove of the moji dangerous confc- Ml^^one qutnee to the neighbourhood where fuch trade or practice has been time in any nfedy by the frequent fires that have and may happen thereby: for work houfe preventing whereof for the future, be it enaCted by the autho-	to

rity aforefaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth day ^^cxceptiit of September, one thoufand feven hundred and nine, it (hall not hwifes already be lawful for any perfon or perfons to diflil or boil any tur- built in South-pentine, nor draw any oil of turpentine and rozin by dialling wark, See.) of common turpentine, nor boil the faid oil and turpentine together, above the quantity of ten gallons at any one time, of all or any the faid commodities, within the faid city of Lon-dony and liberties thereof, and the city of tVe/lminflery and borough of Southwark, and the liberties thereof, in any workhoufe contiguous to any other building, but (hall Hand diftant from any other building at lead fifty foot, except fuch houfes as are already buift in Southwark, and are at prefent ufed for the faid trade, and except the dill pnd furnace built by Daniel Tombes at bis houfe at Holborn Bridge for the didillation of oil of turpentine ; upon pain that every perfon offending therein, (hall, for	.	f

every offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, which	0

forfeitures (hall and may be recovered, with treble cods of fuit, 1001. to be by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of Her recovered with Majedy’s courts of record at IVefiminfiery ^herein no effoin,treblc cofts * prote&ion, privilege, or wager of law lhall be granted,or allow- one moiety to ed, nor any more than one imparlance; one moiety whereof the Queen, the lhall be to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other ^ho^rHl

K k 2	moiety	^ w ut



500	Anno fcptimo Ann^. c. i8.	£1708,

moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as (hail inform and fuc for the fame.

After June, XII. And whereas frequent and great damage happens to houfes ky or^o^work fire> as fyewife conflant decay and ruin9 by felting brick-work upon in the fronts, timber, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and See.	9	after the firft day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and

nine, no brick or (lone-work in the fronts, party, or partition walls of any houfe, tenement, or other building wharibever, which (hall be erecfled upon any new or old foundation vrithin the cities of London and Wejhninjler^ or their liberties, (hall be (hall bear upon fupported, depend, or any otherwife bear upon any fort of timber timber, See. or wood work (excepting upon piles and planks where they are of tbmonthsty ab^utcty necefi"ary for foundations in marftiy and unfound knprifonment. gTO^d, and excepting likewife all houfes upon London Bridge\

’ and on the river of Thames below bridge) upon pain that eveiy perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, fuffer impri-fbnment for three months without bail or mainprize.

XIII.	And whereas9fince frames of wood have been in ufe for doors and windows, it has been the common practice of workmen, to fet them very near9 and often quite ranging with the outfede face of the wall, by which means (being mder no /belter from the weather) they foon rot and perijb occaftoning great cojl and expence in perpetual re-No door poirs: For prevention of fuch evil and unlkilful practice for the frame, &c.	future, be it enabled by the authority'aforefaid, That from and

of wood to	after the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and

outfickof the n*nc» no door frame, or window frame of wood to be ufed in wall thap 4 any houfe or building, which fhall be ereiled upon old or new inches. foundations within the aforefaid cities of London and IVeJlminftcr, or their liberties (except houfes on London Bridgey and on the river of Thames below bridge) (hall be fet nearer to the outfide face of the wall than four inches.

CAP. XVIII.

jin aft to preferve the rights of patrons to advowfons.

FORASMUCH as the pleading in a Quare impedit is found \ very difficulty whereby many patrons are either defeated of their rights of prefentation9 or put to great charge and trouble to recover their right, which is occaftoned by the law as it now is: for remedy * whereof, be it enacted by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and | temporal, and commons, in parliament affembled, and by the i No ufurpation authority of the fame. That no ufurpation upon any avoid-lhall difplace ance in any church, vicarage, or other ecclefiaftical promotion, she eitate of (hall difplace the eftate or intereft of any perfon entitled to the butfema1* advowfon or patronage thereof, or turn it to a right, but he imintain 1 or	would have had a right, if no ufurpation had been,

^tare impedit, may prefent or maintain his or her Quare impedit upon the next,

It coparce- or any other avo* lance, if difturbed, notwithftanding fuch felmUfanT l,^urPat*on > anc* ^ coparceners, or joint tenants, or tenants in advowfon,	common be feized of any eftate of inheritance in the advowfon

kc. and a par-of any church or vicarage, or other ecclefiaftical promotion,

and



170$.] Anno ftprimo Anna. c. 19.	501

and a partition is or (hall be made between them to prefent by tition is made tarns, that thereupon every one (hall be taken and adjudged t0 Prcfcnt bT to be feized of his or her feparate part of the advowfon to pre- Jhahb/fcized fent in his or her turn 5 as if there be two, and they make fuch of a feparate partition, each (hall be faid to be feized, the one of the one eftate to premoiety to prefent in the firft turn, the other of the other moiety fcnj accord' to prefent in the fccond turn; in like manner, if there be three,ing four, or more, every one (hall be faid to be feized of his or her part, and to present in his or her turn.

CAP. XIX.

An aft to enable infants who are feized or pojfejfed of eftates in fee, in truft, or by way of mortgage, to make conveyances of fucb eftates.

WHEREAS many ineonveniendes do and may arife by reafon that perfons under the age of one and twenty years, having eftates in, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, only in truft for others, or by way of mortgage, cannot (though by the direction of the Ceftuy que truft, or mortgagor) convey any fure eft ate in any fuch lands, tenements y or hereditaments, to any other perfon or perfons: for remedy thereof, be it enadted by the Queen's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the After 10 May tenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and nine, it 1709, any per-(hall ana may be lawful to and for any fuch perfon or perfons, ^	^

under the age of one and twenty years, by the direction of the jjf* high court of Chancery or the court of Exchequer, fignified by See. may by an order made upon hearing all parties concerned, on the peti- the dire&ions tion of the perfon or perfons for whom fuch infant or infants (hall of *** court# be feized or poftefted in truft, or of the mortgagor or mort- Exchequer, gagors, or guardian or guardians of fuch infant or infants, or convey ibch * perfon or perfons entitled to the monies fecured by or iipon lands, &c. any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereof any infant or infants are or lhall be feized or poflefied by way of mortgage, or of the perfon or perfons entitled to the redemption thereof, to convey and allure any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fuch manner as the faid court of Chancery or the court of Exchequer (hall, by fuch order fo to be obtained, direct, to any other perfon or perfons ; and fuch conveyance or and fuch con* aflurance fo to be had and made, as aforefaid, (hall be as good veyaj|™J and effe<ftual in law to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as ** good’ if the faid infants or infant were, at the time of making fuch conveyance or afturance, of the full age of one and twenty years ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. An infant be* That all or every fuch infant or infants, being only truftee or ing truftcc, truftees, mortgagee or mortgagees, as aforefaid, (hall and may &c: m*v be be compelled by fuch order fo, as aforefaid, to be obtained,

K k 3	to

#



luu

Anno fcpdino AsnM. C.aou	£*708*

as odtt foch conveyance or conveyances, afliirapco or af-fuaoccs, as afordaid, in like maimer as truftees or mortgagees or full age are coapdbhlc to convey or afSgn their tru$, etfstrs

CAP. XX.

A m3 far tie fuMUk repairing of deeds, convey anas, amd mils* used ether imcmAremces which frail be made 0f, or that way ajfcS any honors, Burners, lends, tenements, or hereditaments, within the county of Middlefex, j//rr /£* twenty ninth day of September, ew tboufand feven hundred and same.

WHEREAS by the different and fecret ways ef conveying IsrJ:, tenements, and hereditaments, fucb as are ill dijtofed have it in their fewer to commit frauds, and frequently do jo, by means whereof feverd per fens (who through many years induftrj in their trades and employments, and by great frugality, have hen enabled t$ feercha ft lands, or to lend monies on land jecurity) have been redone m their purcbofrs and mortgages, by prior and fecret crrceynKts, and fraudulent incumbrances, and not only themfehes, Ageaori*! of	;r*j> vjhsle families thereby utterly ruined: for remedy where-

■ivse	ntay it pleafe yoor mod excellent Majefty (at the humble

Srpc*^ 17=5. requeft of the juftices of the peace, gentkmen, and freehold-of &J	ers of the county of Afiddlefex) that it may be ena&od, and be

w#«, fa-	it ended by die Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with

wSari!”^* advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and SS? common in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-tbe county of tbority of the hme, That a memorial of all deeds ana convey-bhtSctiexx, uncus, which from and after the twenty ninth day of September, re\ in the year of our Lord one tboufand (even hundred and nine, ewwy cooxey- ^ball be made and executed, and of all wills and devifes in anoe mde writing made or to be made and published, where the devifar alter fuch me- or teftatrix Stall die after the faid twenty ninth day of September, Sird^fcA^be ^ conccr™nK» 3od whereby any honors, manors, lands, ▼oid * Sec. on- tenements, or hereditaments m the faid county, may be any UCt fuch me- way afieded in law or equity, may be regiftred in fuch manna on ai be re- ner as is herein after dire&ed; and that every fuch deed or tofts'*1 before veyance that Oral] at any time after the faid twenty ninth day of o^the^onvcy- September, be made and executed, (hall be adjudged fraudulent a nee, under and void agamft any fabfequent purchaser or mortgagee for which, &c. valuable confidcration, unlefs fuch memorial thereof be re-1vVlT °* u gifted as by this adl is directed, before the regiftring of the mc-6 Ann. c w* ' morial of the deed or conveyance imder which fuch fubfequenc Abr. Eq. 357. purchafer or mortgagee fhall claim; and that every fuch devife 358. Cheval by will (hall be adjudged fraudulent and void againft any fubfe-Nic ^ls IT <lucnt Purchafer or mortgagee for valuable confederation, unlefs 1! a noemoriai of fuch will be regiftred at fuch times and in fuch .	manner as is herein after directed.

aP* II. And for fettling and eftablirtiing a certain method, with ^om5ca* proper rules and directions for regiftring fuch memorials, as

*	aforefaid.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

i?o8.]	Anna	feptnno	Amix.	c.20.	303

hforefaid,- be tt further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That one puMick office for regiftring fuch memorials of and concerning my honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, that are fituate, lying, and being within the faid county, (hall be ercdted and eftabliJhed in manner following; that is to fay. That for the better and more effectual putting in execution the feveral matters and things ia this ad contained, the fwom clerk to execute the-office of inrolmentin the high court of	, who is 15 Geo.*.c. 4.

appointed to inrol for the county of A the chief clerk to inrol pleas in the Queen’s Bench, the clerk of the warrants in the court of Common Pleas, and the Queen’s remembrancer, er his deputy in the court of Exchequer, fhall be the regifters or mafters of the office for the matters and things in this ad Contained, and aho fhail and may, from time to tithe, nominate who may and appoint one or .more able and efficient perfon or perfons, make a da-^ for whom they fhaU be accountable, to be their deputy or de-P^ty* puties •, which find regifters or their deputies (hall well and truly do and perforin all and every the matters and things intended by this .ad to be done and performed, in fome oonve- (obe nient office or place to be provided by the faid clerks or re-kept in or near glitters in or near fome of the inns of court or Chancery, where- the inns of to aH perfons may have free refort at the times appointed bv court or • this ad ; and that the faid clerks or regifters (hall prefent fuch	t>«

akputy or deputies to the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, approved of ar lords commits cmers of the great (eal Of Great Britain, to the by the lord chief juftiae of the Queen’s Bench, to the chief juftice of the chancellor. Common Pleas, and to the chief baron of the court of Exchequer &f' -for the time being, to be by them, or any three of them, approved of, before fuch deputy or deputies (hall enter upon the execution of the faid office; and that fuch deputy or deputies and may bf (hall and may be difplaced and removed by the faid lord high difplaced in chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiffioners of the great like manner, leal, the chief juftioes of the Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and chief baron, or any three of them, by any writing under Lord chan-their hands and feals ; and that the faid lord chancellor, or loid cellor, &c. keeper, or lords commiffioners of the great feal, the two chief ju- m»Y dices, and chief baron, or any three of them, ffiall, from time to J^M«ment time, have foil power and authority to make fuch rules and 0f the office, orders for the better management and government of the faid office, agreeable to the form and true intention of this adt, as they (hall find convenient and neceftary.

HI. And be it further enadted, That every fuch regifter or Regifter to be -matter, before be enter upon the execution of the faid office, fwom. fhaJl be fwom before the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commiffioners of the great feal of Great Britain, or the chief juftice of the Queen's Bench, chief juftice of the Common Pleat, and chief baron of the court of Exchequer, or any one .of them (who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter foph oath) in thefe words:

Kk*	YOU

Digitized by L^ooQle

5°4

His oath*

Regttfer ipif-demeaning himfclf, how punched.

Memorials to be in parch-, tnent, fc.

Memorials of deeds, See. bow to be at-felted,

and how memorials Qf Wilts*

Memorials to contain the day and year of the date, kc.

Anna fepdmo Annm.c.20..	[ 170S.

YOU	Jbalifwtor, That you will truly and faithfully perform and

*execute the office and duty that is	and required by you te

he done by ail of parliament, intituled. An a& far the publick regiftring of deeds, conveyances, and wills, and other incum-brances which (hall be made of, or that may affedt any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the county of Middlefex, after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and nine; and that ym have not given or promifed, direQly or mdireilly, nor authorised any per-fon to give or promife any money, gratuity, or reward wbatfqever, for procuring or obtaining the faid office for you :

So help you GOD.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority srfcrefaid. That if fuch perfon fo appointed regifter or mafter, (hall be lawfully convidled of any nezledt, mimemeanor, or fraudulent practice .in the execution of .the (aid office, he (hall be liable to pay treble damages, with full cofts of fuit, to every perfon that (hall be injured thereby, to be recovered as is herein after directed.

V.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That all ami every memorials, fo to be entred and regiftred, (ball be put into writing in vellum or parchment, and brought to the faid office, and in cafe of deeds and conveyances (hall be under the hand and feal of fome or one of the grantors, or fbme or one of the grantees, his or their heirs, executors or admi-niftrators, guardians or truftees, attefted by two witneffes, one whereof to be one of the witneffds to the execution of fuch deed or conveyance; which witnefa (hall, upon his oath before one pf the faid regifters, or matters, or before a matter in Chancery ordinary' or extraordinary, prove the figning and foaling of fuch memorial; and the execution of the deed or conveyance mentioned in fuch memorial; and in cafe of wills, the memorial (hall be under the hand and feal of fome or one of the de-vifees, his or their heirs, executors or adminittrators, guardians or truftees^ attefted by two witneffes, one whereof (hall, upon his oath before the (aid regifters or matters, or before fuch matter in Chancery, a6 aforefaid, prove the figning and foaling of fuch memorial; which reipe&ve oaths the faid regifters or matters, and matters in	, are hereby impow-

ered to adminifter, and (hall indorfe a certificate thereof on every fuch memorial, and fign the fame.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That every memorial of any depd, conveyance, or will, (hall contain the day of the month and thp year when fuch deed, conveyance, or will bears date, and the names and additions of all the parties to fuch deed or conveyance, and of the devifor or teftatrix of fuch will, and of all the witnpfles to fuch deed, conveyance, or will, and the places of their abode, and (hall exprefs or mention the honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments contained in fnch deed, conveyance, or will, and tjie names of all the parifhes, townships, hamlets, precious, or cxtraparochial places within th«

Digitized by

Google

1708.] Anno feprimo Ann.*, c. 20.	505

faid county where any fuch honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments are lying or being, that are given, granted, conveyed, devifed, or any way aflfeCted or charged by any fuch eked, conveyance, or will, m fuch manner as /the fame are ex-preffed, or mentioned in fuch deed, conveyance, or will, or to the fame cffeCt; and that every fuch deed, conveyance, and will, or Every fuch probat of the fame, of which fuch memorial is fo to be regiftred decd> See. a* aforefeid, (hall be produced to the faid regifters or mafters ^ed^o the at the time of entring fuch memorial, who (hall endorfe a regifters, &c. certificate on every fuch deed, conveyance, and will, or probat who (hail in-thereof, and therein mention the certain day, hour, and time dorfe a ernifi-on which fuch memorial is fo entred or regiftred, cxPre^ng ^!ch (hall be alfo in what book, page, and number the fame is entred ; and an0wed L that the laid regifters or mafters (hall fign the faid certificate evidence, when fo indorfed ; which certificates (hall be taken and allowed as evidence of fuch refpeCtive regiftries in all courts of record whatfoever; and that every page of fuch regifter books, and The page of every memorial that (hall be entred therein, mail be numbred,	^

and the day of the month, and the year, and hour, or time racmoriiIis en-of the day when every the faid memorial is regiftred, (hall be tred, (hall be entred in the margents of regifter books, and in the mar- numbred. gents of the faid memorial; and that every fuch regifter or ma- £ef*ftcr to Her (hall keep an alphabetical calendar of aH parlfhes, ex- ^ofalf pa-traparochial places and townlhips within the (aid county with hfties.&c.and reference to the qumber of every memorial that concerns the duly file the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in every memorials m fuch parifh, extraparochial place or townfhip refpeCtively, and 04 *ime* of the names of the parifhes mentioned in fuch memorials; and that fuch regifter or mafter (hall duly file every fuch rae-jnorial in order of time as the fame (hall be brought to the faid office, and enter or regifter the faid memorials in the fame order that they (hall refpeCtively come to his hands.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That where there if there be are more writings than one, for making and perfecting any more writ-conveyance or fecurity, which do name, mention, or any ways in£* tha!VJ?c affeCt or concern the fame honors, manors, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, it (hall be a fufficient memorial and regifter reditament*1 thereof, if all the faid honors, manors, lands, tenements, and See. they need hereditaments, and the parifhes, townftiips, hamlets, or extrapa- be named but rochial places wherein the fame lie, be only once named or men-tioned in the memorial or regifter of any one of the deeds or Jhe'daVe^,’ &c writings made for the perfecting of fuch conveyance or fecurity; of the reft , ^and that the dates of the reft of the faid deeds or writings only to be fet relating to the faid conveyance or fecurity, with the names and down* additions of the parties, and witnefies, and the places of their abodes, be only fet down in the memorials and regifters of thp lame, with a reference to the deed or writing whereof the memorial is fo regiftred, that contains or expreiTes the parcels mentioned in all the faid deeds, and directions how to find the regiftring the fame.

VIII.	Provided alfo, apd it is hereby enaCted, That all me-morals oif wills that (1*41 be regiftred in manner, as aforefaid, TcgUbpd in

within



506

6 months after tefta tor's death, dying within Great Britain, and 3 years if beyond fea.

If the derifee be difabled, the regiftry in 6months after the difability removed, (hall be fuf&cient.

Will concealed, &c. if not regiltred in 5 years after the devifort death, (hall not defeat a porchafe. Fees of the regtfUr.

Begifter to give due attendance.

Anno fepdmo Anna. c. to;

within the fpoce of fix months after the death erf every respective devifor or teftatrix, dying within the kingdom of GremW Britain, or within, the fpace of three years after the death o£ every refpe&ive devifor or teftatrix, dying upon the iica, or ka any parts beyond the Teas, (hall be as valid and effectual again® fubfequent purchasers, as if the fame had been regtftred im— mediately after the death of fuch refpe&ive devifor or teftatrix x any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided always. That in cafe the devifee, or perfoo ow perfons interefted in the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, devifed by any fuch will, as aforefeid, by reafoo of the concealment or luppreffion, or contefting fuch will, or other inevitable difficulty, without his, her, or their wilful negle& or default, (hall be difebled to exhibit a memorial for the regiftry thereof within the refpe&tvc times herein before limited, and that a memorial (hall be entred in the frid office of fuch conteft, or other impediment, within the (jpace of two years after the death of fuch devifor or teftatrix, who (had die within the kingdom of Great Britain, or within the (pace of four years next after the deceafe of fuch perfect who (had die upon the fea, or beyond the feas, then, and in fuch cafe, the regiftry of the memorial of fuch will, wkhin the (pace of fix months next after his, her, or their attainment of fuch will, or a probat thereof, or removal of the impediment whereby he, (he, or they are difabled or hindred to exhibit fuch memorial, (hail be a fufficient regiftry within the meaning of this adt; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife iwtwithftanding.

X.	Provided neverthdefc, That in cafe of any conceakratt or fuppreflion of any will, or devife, any purchafer or purchafers (hall not bedifturbed, or defeated in his or their porchafe, un*» lefs the will be actually regiftred within five years after the death of the devifor or teftatrix.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch rogifter or maftpr (hail .be allowed for the entry of every inch memorial as is by this aft directed, the fum of one (hilling, and no morct in cafe the feme do not exceed two hundred words ; but if fuch memorial (hall exceed two hundred words, then after the rate and proportion of fix pence an hundred for all the words

- contained in Ouch memorial, over and above the firft two hundred words *od the like fees for the like number of words contained in every Certificate or copy given out of the faid office, 'find no more, and for every fearch in the faid office, cftic Hailing, and no more.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid. That every fuch regifter or mafter (hall rive due attendance at his office every day in the week (except Sundays and holy-days) between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and the hours of two and five in the afternoon, for the difpatch of all bvffinefs belonging to th< feid office j a&d that eveiy fuch rc*r

Softer

i?o8.]	Anno feptimo Annm. c.	t6.

gifter or mafttr, as often as is required, fhall make fearches and Make concerning all memorials that are regiftred, as aforefaid, and give certiOcates concerning the lame under his hand (if re- H quired by any perfon) teftihed by mo credible witneffcs.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Regifter, tec. 'That each of the faid regifters or mailers, at the time of his to enter into a being fworn into the faid office, as aforefaid, lhall enter into a recognizance with mo or more fufficient fureties (to be ap- ^forroance proved of by the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords com- of hit office, miifioners of the great feal of Gnat Britain, or the chief juftice

of the ^turn’s Battb, chief juftice of the	Pitas,	and

chief baron of the court of Exchequer, or any one of them) of the penalty of two thoufand pounds unto ner Majefty, hef heirs and fuccefibrs, to betaken by one of the faid chief juftices, conditioned for his true and faithful performance of his duty in the execution of his faid office, in all things directed and required by this aft; the fame to be tranfmitted by fuch chief juftice whtun one month next after the date thereof, into the office of her Mqefty’s remembrancer of the Exchequer* Ihert to remaih amongft the record* of the faid court.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That the damages before- Forfeiture for mentioned, to be forfeited by any fuch regifter of matter, ^how tobere-any negleft, mifdemcanor, or fraudulent praftice fit the exe-J^^ ednon of his office, lhall be recovered by aftion of debt, bill,

plaint, or information in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJhmnftrri wherein no efibin, protection, privilege, of wager of laW 'lhall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.	«

XV.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or per- Perfon* forg.

ferns fhall at any time forge or counterfeit any entry of the ac- *n entry knowledgement of any fuch memorial, certificate, or indorfe-°. j .? ibent, as is herein mentioned or direfted, and be thereof law- ThVpuni(h- ° ftilhr comrifted, fuch perfon or perfons fhall incur and be liable ment* in the to fuch pains and penalties as in and by an aft made in the fifth aft of 5 Elis, year of Queen	Elimbeth, intituled,	An ait *♦*

deeds and writings, are impofed upon perfons for forging and pubUfhing of falfe deeds, charters, or writings, foaled court rolls, or wiUs, whereby the freehold or inheritance of any per-fen or perfons of, in, or to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments fhall or may be molefted,. troubled, or charged ; and Perjury before that if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time forfwear hhnfclf * 'S'	-i!0?

before the fold regifters or mailers, or before any judge, ortobePuaime • matter in Chancery, in any of the cafes herein mentioned, and be thereof lawfully convifted, fuch perfon or perfons (hall incur and be liable to the fame penalties as if the fame oath had been made in any of the courts of record at

■ XVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Upon certifi-That in cafoof mortgages, whereof memorials fhall be entred and proof m the laid regifter office purfuant to this aft, if at any time	^

afterwards a certificate fhall be brought to the faid regifters or money due on matters, figqed by the mortgagee or mortgagees in fuch mort- a mortgage

gage.^tredmtb*

SOS	Anno	feptimo	Annje. c. 20.	[170S.

rcgiftry, bat gage, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns* thlf1	^ attefted by two witness, whereby it (hail appear that all

(halWnakean mon*es due upon fuch mortgage have been paid or (atisfied in entry in the difcharge thereof, which witndfes (hall upon their oaths before marient, a- the (aid regifters or mafters, or before a mafter in Chancery,, or-Minft the m- dinary or extraordinary (who are hereby refpe&ively tmpower-rwawnt, c. ^ tQ adminifter fuch oath) prove fuch monies to be fathfied or paid accordingly, rand that they faw fuch certificate figoecf by the faid mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, that then, and in every inch cafe, the faid regifters or matters (hall make an entry in the margepts of the faid regifter books againft tbe regiftry of the memorial of fuch mortgage, that (ueh mortgage was latisfied and difeharged according to fuch certificate, to which the fame entry /hall refer, and (hall after file (uch certificate, to remain upon record in the laid regiftieroffice.

Thi* *Et not XVII. Provided always, and be it further eaaded. That f° CXhtCMd t0	not	extend to any copyhold eftates, or to any leafcs

Sat«°!&c	at a rac^ rcnt> or to any Icafe not exceeding one and twenty

1 *	years, where the a&ual pofleffion and occupation goeth along

with the leafe, or to any of the chambers in Serjeants Inn, the inns of court, or inns of Chancery; any thing in this ad con* tained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwhhftandi ng.

X VU1. And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefahl. That no judgment, ftatute, or recognisance, (other than fuch 3s (hall be entred into in tfie^name, and upon the proper account of her Majefty,.her heirs and fucceffors) which /ball be ob-After »9 Sept, tained or entred into after the faid twenty ninth day of September*

1709.	no in the faid year of otor Lord one thoufand feven hundred and &cg?otber n*ne> a^e<^	bind	any honors, manors, lands, tene*

than fuch as nnents, or hereditaments, fituate, lying, and* being in the (aid are entred into county of Middlefex, but only from the time that 'a memorial in the name of of fuch judgment, ftatute, or recognizance (hall be entred he jTRaSr* at t^lf ^ regifter office, expreffing and containing, in cafe of bind heredl- fi*ch judgment, the names of the plaintiffs, and the names, ad* taments in ditions, and places of abode, (if any fuch be in fuch judgment) Middlefex,but of the defendants, the fuens thereby recovered, and the time erf memorial11* ^?n'nS thereof; and in cafe or ftatutes and recognizances, thereof (hall be expreifing and containing the date of fuch ftatute or recogni-antred, Ucl ' zanpe, the names, additions, and places of abode of the cogni-zors and cognizees therein, and for what fums, and before whom the fame were acknowledged; and that in order to the making an entry of fuch memorials of judgments, ftatutes, and recog* nizances, as aforefaid, the party and parties defiring the fame, {hall produce to, and leave with the faid regifters or mailers, to be filed in the faid publick or regifter office, a memorial of fuch judgment, ftatute, or recognizance, figned by the proper officer, or his deputy, who (hall fign fuch judgment in the fame offioe, or by the proper officer, in whofe office fuch ftatute, or recognizance rtiall be inrolled, together with an affidavit fworn before ppe of the judges at JVtffmipfter, or a matter in Cbqneery* that

509

1708.]	Anno	feptimo	AmijR. c. 2 f.

fuch memorial was duly figned by the officer whofe nahne (hall appear to be thereunto let; which memorial fuch refpeftive officer is hereby required to give fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, cogni-zee or cognizees, or his, her, or their executors, or adminiftra-tors, or attorney, or any of them, he, (he, or they paying for the lame the fum of one (hilling, and no more.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That the faid regifter or 4*he matter (hall make an entry and likewife (if required) (hall give to make an a certificate in writing under his hand, teftified by two credible entry, and (if witnefles, of every fuch memorial of any judgment, ftatute, or recognizance brought to him to be fo regittred, as aforefaid, and f^te offuch " therein mention the certain day on which fuch memorial is fo memorial, &c. regittred or entred, expreffing alio in what book, page, and number the fame is entred.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That this a61 (hall be taken Publiok aft. and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a pubiick aft,

and all judges, juftices, and other perfons therein concerned, are hereby required as fuch to take notice thereof, without fpecial pleading the fame.

XXI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no No member of member of parliament (hall be capable of being regifter, or of parliament executing by himfelf or any other perfon or perfons, the faid

office, or to have, take, or receive any fee or other profit what-	re-

foever iffuing out of the faid office, or for or in refpeft thereof; gifter to be a nor (hall any fuch regifter, or his deputy, or any perfon or per- member of Tons receiving profit out of the faid office, be at any time here- Pq *™cnt* after capable of being, or being chofen, a member to ferve in *5 co,a-c•+• parliament.

CAP. XXI.

An a£l for improving the union of the two kingdoms.

WHEREAS nothing can more conduce to the improving the

union of the two kingdoms, which by her Majefiy s great wij- *aGeo.».c-4*. dom and goodnefs hath been happily eff ected) than that the laws of both parts of Great Britain Jhould agree, as near as may be, efpecialiy thofe laws which relate to high treafon, and the proceedings thereupon, as to the nature of the crime, the method of profecution and trials and alfo the forfeitures and punijhments of that offence; which are of the greateft concern both to the crown, and to the jubjefts: to the end therefore that the faid union may be more effeftually improved, be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the After I .July# advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com- t'reaTon^d mons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the autho- mifprifion in rity of the fame. That from and after the firft day of July, in England fhall , the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nine, fuch J>e <°in Scot-crimes and offences which are high treafon or niifprifion of high	no

treafon within England\ (hall be conftrued, adjudged, and taken to be high treafon and mifprifion of high treafon within Scotland ; and that from thenceforth no crimes or offences (hall And the be high treafon or mifprifion of high treafon within Scotland, QlLccn» but thofe that are high treafon or mifprifion of high treafon in ^mmSons 6	England	\	o: Oytr and

The juftice court, Scc. lhall try trea*

$ to	Aano fcpdoK) Ann;b. c.ttl	[1708.

Terminer in England*, and that from and after the faid firft day of July, in Scotland un-^^e faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nine. Great Britain Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccefibrs, may ifTue out to hear and * commiffions of Oyer and Terminer in Scotland, under the feal of determine Great Britain, to fuch perfons, as her Majefty, her heirs and fiich treafons, fucceflors, (hall think fit, and that three of the lords of the •	judiciary be in the faid commiffion of Oyer and Terminer, where-

of one to be of the Quorum, to enquire of, hear and determine fuch high treafons and mifprifion of high treafon, in fuch manner as is ufed in England.

A juftice ge II. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore-who had faid. That where any commiffion of Oyer and Terminer fhafi Sefore thi*	Pur^uant	to	aud	is to be executed within any

aa, to he in diftridt where there h a juftice general, or perfon having right the commif- of judiciary, who had jurifdi&ion in cafes of high treafon 2nd Con, and one milprifion of high treafon at the time of the making of this adfc, runL^0" fr°m an(l aftcr t*mc that fuch right be made appear before the lords of feffion, and by them certified to the lord chancellor of Great Britain, fuch juftice general, or fuch perfon having right of judiciary, or their refpeftivc deputy, Qull be in the faid commiffion, and one of the Quorum.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That wan 1 «ca- fr°m anc* a^er thc firft day of July, one thouiand feven hun-Ibn* in Scat-" dred and nine, the juftice court and other courts having power land by a jury, to judge in cafes of high treafon and mifprifion of high treafon in Scotland, (hall have full power and authority, and are hereby required, to enquire by the oaths of twelve or more good and lawful men of the county, (hire, or ftewartry where the refpec-tive courts (hall fir, of aH high treafons and mifprifions of high treafon committed within the faid counties, (hires, or ftewart-ries, and thereupon to proceed, hear, and determine the faid offences whereot any perfon (hall be indidted before them, in fuch manner as the court of Queen9s Bench or juftices of Oyer Incti&ment* and Terminer in England may do by the laws of England: and if of treafon, &c. any perfon be indidted of high treafon or mifprifion of high of o7r U&cCCf trca^on tefore any juftices of Oyer and Terminer, or in the circuit ma/be re- courts, or other courts having power to judge in cafes erf high moved by Cer. treafon or mifprifion of high treafon in Scotland, then upon the tiorari into the requeft of the Queen’s advocate general to the lord high chan-jufticc court, ceiior or ior(j keeper of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, the lord chancellor or lord keeper (hall award her Majefty's writ of Certiorari under the faid great feal, diredfed to the juftices of Oyer and Terminer, or the juftices of the circuit courts, and fuch other courts, thereby commanding them, or any of them, to certifie fuch indidtment into the juftice court; which court (hall have full power and authority, and is hereby required, to proceed upon, hear, and determine the feme, as the court of Queens Bench in England may do upon indidfcments removed or certified into the faid court; and that from and after the faid firft day of July, in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nine, all perlons convi&ed or attainted

of

and there

tried as in England.

Perfons attainted of treafon in Scotland, to

1708.}	Anno fcptimo AriNA. c.a?.	511

of high treafon or mifprifion of high treafon ip Scotland, (hall be liable to be fubjedl and liable to the fame corruption of blood, pains,th* P** penalties, and forfeitures, as perfons convidled or attainted of	m

high treafon or mifprifion of high treafon in England.

IV.	Provided always. That where any perfon now is, or (hall a perfon feiz-

be, before the faid hr (I day of July, feized of any mefluages, ed of an eftate lands, feigniories, rents, tenements, or hereditaments in Scot- Jail in Scot-land, of an eftate tail, that is to fey, an eftate tailzie, affedted	be-

with irritant and refolutive, or prohibitive claufes, and is, or forc the faid before the faid firft day of July, mall be married, if any iflue of firft: of July, that marriage be living, or there be poflibility of fuch iflue at forfeit the time of the high treafon committed, that then in fuch cafe

tW faid mefiuages, lands, feigniories, rents, tenements, and but for bi$ life hereditaments, mall not be forfeited upon, the attainder of fuch only, and bis perfon for high treafon, (but during the life of the perfon fo at- ihue fhall in-tainted only) fo that the iflue and heirs in tail of fitch iparriage hcnt* fhall inherit the fame, the faid attainder notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Treafons

all treafons and miforifions of treafon, which from and after committed by the faid firft day of July fhsfll be done or committed by any Sco^c“uP* native of Scotland upon the high fea, or in any place out re”f or ouf of this realm of Great Britain, mall be enquired of, heard and Great Britain, determined before the faid juftice court, or before fuch com- be deter-miflioners of Oyer and Terminer, and in fuch (hire, ftewartry, Pj®** bXthe or county of Great Britain, as (hall be afiigned by the Qpeen’s ^ b^f0^urt# commifliou, and by good and lawful men of the feme (hire, commiffiorf. in like manner to all intents and purpofes as if fuch treafons or ers, &c. mifprifions of treafon had been done or committed in the fame No Pcr^IJ. (hire where they (hall be enquired of, heard, and determined, as aforefaid : and that from and after the faid firft day of July, torture, in the faid year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and This aft not nine, no perfon accufed of any capital offence, or other crime in J°,take aw?/ Scotland, fhall fuffer, or be fubjedi or liable to any torture: ^gland ^*m provided that this adl (hall not extend to take away that judg- where felons ment which is given in England againft perfons ipdided of refufeto plead, felony, who (hall refufe to plead, or decline trial.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted bv the authority Qualification* aforefaid. That every perfon may be fummoned and returned oTa juryman to be a juryman in any fuch trials, as aforefaid, who fhall atm Scotland, the time 01 fuch trial have and be feized in his own right, or

in the right of his wife, of lands or tenements, of an eftate of inheritance, or for his or her life, or for the life, of feme other perfon, within the county, ftewartry, or place where any fuch trial fhall be, or from whence the jury is to come, of the yearly value of forty (hillings fterling at lead ; and for want thereof, or for any other lawful caufe, fhall be fubjedt to be challenged and fet afide. •

VII.	And whereas the crimes after-mentioned are by feveral afts No offences

of parliament in Scotland declared to be treafon, and the committers be trafot thereof are appointed to be punijhed with the fame pains and for foul-	are

lures as committers of treafon, and that after the firjl day of J uly afore- f0 by the laws

faid, in England.

5ia	Anno	feptimo Annm. C.21,	[1708-

faid, the forefaid aft of parliament in Scotland will have no forcd nor effeft, feeing no fa ft $ nor offences are to be deemed treafon within Scotland after that time, but fuch as are fo by the afts andStatutes now in force in England ; be it therefore by the authority aforefaid further enabled. That theft in landed men, murder under truft, wilful fire-raifing, firing coalheughs, and affaffina-tion, which were declared to be treafon by particular ftatutes in Scotland, (hall after the aforefaid time be only adjudged and deemed to be capital offences, and the committers thereof (hall be only liable to fuch pains and punilhments as by the law of Scotland are to be inflidled upon the committers of capital crimes and offences, and the perfons committers thereof are to be pu-nifhed and tried in the fame manner as by the laws of Scotland is provided in the cafes of other capital crimes ; anything in this a<5l to the contrary notwithftanding.

Slaying any VIII. And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid. That ,or^ feflion, if any perfon (hall, from and after the faid firft day of July* &c. high trea- flay any t^c jonjs Gf feffion, lords of judiciary, fitting in judgment in the cxercife of their office within Scotland, that the doing thereof (hall be conftrued, adjudged, and taken to be high treafon.

Counterfeit* IX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afoFefaid, ing the great That from and after the faid firft day of July, if any perfon ^eh^reafim countcrfc*t her Majefty’s feals appointed by the twenty fourth g	*	article of the union, to be kept, ufed, and continued in Scot-

land, that the doing thereof (hall be conftrued and adjudged to be high treafon.

After the de^ X. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho-craie oi the rity aforefaid, That after the deceafe of the perfon who prepretender, and tended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King thcCfuccefTIon 7aTPei* anc* ^ncc pretends to be king of Great Britain, and at toCtheCcrown enc* t^ie term t^rce Ycars a^ter immediate fuccef-by the demife fion to the crown, upon the demife of her prefent Majefty, (hall ot the Queen take effe<5l, as the fame is and (lands limited by an a<ft made g Ukc *n ^ y«ar °f the reign of their late majefties King William iW. Sc M. anc* Qi*een Mary, intituled, An act for declaring the rights and fcff. %. c. a."	liberties of the fubjeft, and fettling the Juccejjion of the crown; and

ia w. 3. c. *. by one other adl made in the twelfth year of the reign of his 17 Geo.*.0.39. ]ate majefty King William the Third, intituled, An act for the for treafon*1 father limitation of the crown,, and better fecuring the rights and (hall di(inherit liberties of the fubjeft, no attainder for trealon (hall extend to the any heir; di(heriting of any heir, nor to the prejudice of the right or title but he may 0f any pCrfon or perfons, other than the right or title of the death of fuch °ffen(ler or offenders, during his, her, or their natural lives .offender. only ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to every perfon or perfons to whom the right or intereft of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, after the death of any* fuch offender or offenders, (hould or might have appertained, if no fuch attainder had been, to enter into the fame.

XI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

t^o8*3 Anno feptimo Annjb. c. 22.	512

That from and after the deceafe of the perfon who pretended After the to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James, tl™j* . . and flnce pretends to.be King of Great Britain, and at the end *	™Jhc*

of the term of three years after the immediate fucceflion to the indi&rnent for crown, upon the demife of her prefent Majefty, (hall take ef- treafon, See. fe&, as the fame is and (lands limited by an act made in the be deli-firft year of the reign of their late majeftics King William and**^ indited. Queen Mary, intituled. An act for declaring the rights and liber- ,© days be- * ties of the Jubjeft, and fettling the fucceffionof the crown, and by fore the triaL one other act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late *	&	M*

majefty King William the Third, intituled. An act for the fur- ,a ther limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, when any perfon is indicted for high tret-fon, or mifprifion of treafon, a lift of the witnefles that (hall be produced on the trial, for proving the faid indictment, and of the jury, mentioning the names, profeffion, and place of abode of the faid witneflies and jtfrorsr be alfo given at the fame time that the copy of the indictment is delivered to the party indi&r ; and that copies of all indictments for the offences aforefaid, with fuph lifts, (hall be delivered to the party indicted, ten days before the trial, and in prefence of two or more credible witriefles ; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftaading. x Geo. 1. flat. 2. c. 48.

CAP XXII.

Art aft for the Queen's moft gracious, general, and free

pardon.

ANNE R.

THE Queen's mojl excellent majejly calling to mind how many ways her loving and obedient fubjefts have, from time to time, exprejfed their dutiful ajfeftions towards her Majejly, and confider-ing that divers of her faid fubjefts may by fundry ways have fallen into the danger of very many penalties and forfeitures, ordained by the laws andJlatutes of this realm, from which they can in no wife be freed but by her majejly s great goodnefs and clemency; and being gracioujty inclined to encourage and invite all her loving fubjefts to live and continue in their due obedience to her Majejly, rather by afts of grace and mercy, than by a fevere execution of jujlice; and having fin efpecial truft and confidence in her faid fubjefts, that,they will with more cheerfulnefs and affeftion apply tbemfelves to the difeharge of their refpeftive duties towards her Majejly, and her government, when they Jhall be releafed and freed from the many pains, penalties, and forfeitures to which they are now liable, hath thought fit to grant her general and free pardon, in a large and more bountiful manner than hath heretofore been done: and therefore her Majefty is well pleafed and contented that it be enacted by the authority of this prefent parliament * and be it enacted, &c.

[1708	514	Anno	feptlmo	Annjb. c. 23,24*

C A P. XXIII.

An act for raifing the militia for the year one thoufand feven hundred and nine, although the month’s pay formerly advanced, be not repaid. EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for continuing the former afts for the encouragement of the coinage, and to encourage the bringing foreign coins and Britifh or foreign plate to be coined, and for making provifion for the mints in Scotland, and for the profecuting offences concerning the coin in England.

18 Car. *. c. 5. ^[X7HERE A S great benefit and advantage bath accrved to this continued by5* V V kingdom by one aft of parliament paffed in the eighteenth year *5 Car. *. c.8. of the reign of his majefiy King Charles the Second^ intituled, An a,.)d b?th aft for encouraging of coinage, and' continued by another aft made *!Vc. 7. ^1 ^aC# in *he five and twentieth year 6f the reign of his faid majefiy King Charles, intituled. An act for continuing a former aft concerning coinage ; both which faid afts were revived by an aft made in the firfi year of the reign of his majefiy King James the Second, M. c. 14.1.3. anj were contitjUed by an aft made in the fourth and fifth year of the reign of King William and £)ueen Mar}', of bleffed memory, and and further wne j'urther continued by an aft made in the twelfth and thirteenth Jear °f the rexin °f the late King William of glorious memory, to be c. 11.	3# in force for feven years, from the firfi day of June, one thoufand fe-

ven hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the firfi fefiion of C . dh parliament then next following , and, no longer; fo that unlfs the faid * 9Gea^i q. i^.ttfts be revived and continued, the encouragement given thereby will i. 1. for 7 ’ y ceafe, and this kingdom be deprived for the future of fo great a good

years from as it bath for many years lafi pafi enjoyed: now we your Majefty’s the 1 March,	.. - ~ ^ ~ ~ “ *	*

1713. farther continued from March%

1730. for 7 years by 4 Geo. 2. c. 12

continued by 4 Sc 5 W. Sc

The rates, duties, &c. granted by

mod dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do give and grant unto your Majefty the rates, duties, and impofitions herein after mentioned, for and during the term and time herein after exprefled ; and do humbly pray that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fuch and the like rates, duties, and impofitions, as 18 Car. 2. c.5. by the faid aft of parliament of the eighteenth year of the reign asloTcTon ^*nS Charles the Second were granted, and by the faid fub-wine^vine^011 fcquent afts were continued, for and upon the importation of gar, &c. wines, vinegar, cyder, beer, brandy, and ftrong waters import-further conti- ed, during the refpeftive terms therein mentioned, (hall be Queen°&cC furlher continued, and be paid and payable to her Majefty, her for^years, to heirs an(l fucceflors, for and upon all wines, vinegar, cyder, commence* beer, brandy, and ftrong waters, which (hall be imported or 1 March, 1708. brought into Great Britain, within or during the fpace of feven an*J	a	years, to commence from the firft day of March, one thoufand

fdr.on of par* feven hundred and eight, and until the end of the firft feffion liamcnt,	of

*708.]	Anno feptimb Annj&. c. 24.	5*5

of parliament then next following, and no longer ; and that

the faid ad of the eighteenth year of the. reign of King Charles ^	.

the Second, and allb one other odl made in the five and twen- aa Gf ig and

tieth year of the reign of his faid majefty King Charles the Se- %s Car, a. 8.

cond, intituled, Amaft for continuing a former aft concerning coin- and the ad

age\ and one other ad made in the fourth year of her now

Majefty's reign, intituled. An aft to impower the lord high trea~ andcontinued

Jurer% or commiffumers of the treafury, to ijfue out of the monies a- for the time

riftng by the coinage duty, any fum not exceeding five hundred pounds, before-men-

over and above the fum of three thoufand pounds yearly, for the ufes t,onc<*»

of the mint; and every daufe, article, and fentence in the faid

ads, or any of them contained, (hall be, and are by virtue of

this act, revived and continued, and (hall be in force, and be extended to all wines, and fuch other liquors, as aforefaid, which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britainy for and during all fuch term and time as are before-mentioned.

II.	And whereas the giving a further encouragement at this time The lord high to the coinage of ftlver money, may be an advantage to the publick, be treafurer, &c. it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be

lawful to and for the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or the mint to commiflioners of the treafury tor the time being, or any three iflue out of the qr more of them, by his or their warrant or warrants, to au- overplus hkk ; tfcorize and require the mailer and worker of her Majefty’s mint jjj[J^1*5 or mints for the time being, out of the office of receipt of the duty> 6#©eh faid mint or mints, according to the manner and courfe of the for the pay -feme, to iffue or difpofe of the overplus of the money that hath mentoUd.ob. arifen or (hall arife by the coinage duty, any fum or furas no* exceeding fix thoufand pounds, for and towards the payment piatcf&c. of any fum or fums not exceeding two pence halfpenny per brought into ounce for every ounce of foreign coins, and foreign dr Britijbthe mint, after wrought plate, of the (landard of eleven ounces two penny-	To9*

weight fine, or reduced thereunto, as (hall be brought into the tl 1 ec*,7°9# faid mint or mints from and after the twentieth day of Aprily One thoufand feven hundred and nine, until the firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and nine then next following, and no longer, there to be coined into the current coins of Great Britain	law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary

notwithllanding.

III.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enabled by the over and authority aforefaid, That over and abovte the fums not exceed- above the Ing three thoufand pounds per annumy and five hundred pounds 3°°°1- P*1* per annumy mentioned in the faid former ails, it (hall and may ^u^jandcr be lawful to and for the lord treafurer of Great Britain, and un- annum, men^ der treafurer, or commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or tioned in the more of the faid Cofiimiffioners for the time being, by order or former a£ts, Warrants, to iffue out of the Exchequer, or difpofe of the mo- thc trc*T nies arifing by the faid coinage duties, yearly and every year, roay^iflbe ou^ from and after the commencement, and during the continuance of the Exclie-of this a<5l, and no longer, fuch fum as he or they (hall think querany fum neceflary and reafonable, not exceeding in the whole the fum of not cxce*dmg twelve Hundred pounds for the fee* and falaries of the officers annum,P for

of

5i6	Anno fcptimo Anna. C. 25.	£1708^

the falarie* of of the mint or mints in Scotland, and towards the providing* the officer! of. maintaining, and repairing the houfes, offices, and buildings, the mint.	other	neceflaries	for	aflaying,	melting	down,	and coining

in the mints of Scotland; any thing in the faid before recitca afts, or any other law, ftatutc, or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and it it hereby cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That (over and above the fums not exceeding three thoufand pounds per annum, and five hundred pounds per annum, mentioned in the faid former afts, for the ufes of the mint) it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord high trea-After 1 June, furer of Great Britain, and the under treafurer, or the commif-1700, the lord fionerg Qf the treafuiy, for the time being, by orders or war-may Luther"	to iffiie out of the Exchequer, or difpofe of the monies

iffue. See. arifing by the laid coinage duty, yearly and every year, from 4001. per an- and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and sum, for the njne^ any fum or futns not exceeding the yearly fum of four officewl^tDbe hundred pounds, for the charges and expences of the officers, employed in and others employed and to be employed in the profecution of prosecuting offences in counterfeiting, diminilhing, or otherwife concem-ing the current coins of Great Britain, in that part thereof call-iw»n&c.*the ^H^d •, and any officer or officers employed, as aforefaid. <»m of Great may have and receive the faid fum not exceeding four hundred Britain. pounds, or any p^rt thereof, without being liable to any forfeiture, difability, or incapacity whatfoeverj the faid recited afts, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary not-* withftanding.

CAP. XXV.

An alt far making perpetual an all for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom, as alfo an alt for giving like remedy upon promijfory notes as is ufed upon bills of exchange, and for the better pay-, ment of inland bills of exchange \ and alfo for continuing feveral alts made in the fourth and fifth years of her Mttjeftfs reign for preventing frauds committed by bankrupts.

WHEREAS the temporary laws following, which by experience have been found beneficial and ufeful, are expired, or near expiring * therefore for continuing the fame, be it enabled by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ip this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of The aft the fame, That an aft made in the feflion of parliament neld I W. j. c. s6. in the eighth year of the reign of his lgte majefty King William the Third, of glorious memory, intituled. An alt for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom, which was to continue for one year, was by a claufe in another aft qude in the ninth year of bis fajd Majefty’? reign, continued

in

1708.]	Anno	feptimo Annj£. c. 26.	517

in force unto the five and twentieth day of March, one thou- cont*mu€d by fand feven hundred and one; which adt was further continued g w. 3. c. %7 by an adt made in the firft year of her prefent Majefty’s reign, till the five and twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven and furt jC[ hundred arid nine, and from tnence to the end of the firft fef-lion of parliament then next enfuing, (hall be, and is hereby c. 9. continued, and (hall be in force, and is hereby made per- made ifcrpe-petual.	tual*

II.	And whereas by an aft made in the eighth year of his late % Ann. c.16. Afajefifs reign, intituled, An adt for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom, it is ordained^ ,

That no profecution Jhall be made for any offence againjl the faid aft, unlefs fuch profecution be commenced within three months after fuch offence committed j be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That The profecu-the profecution of fuch perfon or perfons as offend againft thetion ofof-faid adt, by making or mending, or beginning or proceeding to gC^f8 make or mend any coining tool or inftrument therein prohibited, may te com-* or by marking of money round the edges with letters or grain- menced in 6 ings, may be commenced at any time within fix months after months after fuch offence committed ; any thing in the (aid adt to the con-the offcilcc-trary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, The adt % 8c 4 That an adt made in the feffion of parliament held in the third ^J^ni?i* and fourth years of her Majefty’s reign, intituled, An act for promiffbr giving like remedy upon promijfory notes as is ufed upon bills of ex- notes and change, and for the better payment of inland bills of exchange, which hills of ex-was to continue for the (pace of three years from the firft day

of May, one thoufand feven hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and is hereby continued, and (hall be in force, and is hereby made perpetual.

The ftatute 4 Ann®, c. 17. and 5 Ann®, c. si. concerning bankrupts, continued from the 15th of April, 1709, for 5 years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament. EXP.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for appointing commifjioners to treat and agree for fuch lands, tenement s, and hereditaments as Jhall be judged proper to be purchafed for the better fortifying Portf-mouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

WHEREAS for the better fecuring her Majeflfs docks, /hips of war, and fores, 'tis highly necejfary to enlarge and ftrengthen the fortifications at or near Portfinouth, Chatham, end Harwich ; and in order thereunto, to purchafe feveral lands, tenements, and hereditaments, feme of which are or may be the efiates of infants, femes covert, eccleftafiical corporations, or other perjons who by law are difabled to make any contra ft s or conveyances; in all which cafes, as likewife where any proprietors deftgning to obfiruft the publick fervice, or to make any unroafenable gain to themfelves,

Vol. XI.	Mm	infifi

ji8	Anno	lepdmo Ann^e. C.'2	[1709*

inftft	on extravagant rates,	'twill be neceffary to have retourfe to the

ufual methods that have been taken in futh like tafes j be it therefore enadted, iic.

The Queen to appoint commiffioners to furvey, See. the lands to Be purchased. Any five of the commiffioners appointed to treat and agree with the owners of the lands, Sec. Perfont refilling to treat, or uncapable, the commiffioners may ilTue warrants to the fheruf to impanel and return a. jury, who (hall enquire into the true value, Sec. Fartner provifion for the land owners by 8 Anne, c. *i. f. i. and tHeir verdi& mail be certified into the chancery by the 23d of Odober, 17091* The commmiffioners not ^ to be liable to the penalties in the aft of 25 Car. *• c. 2. nor 1 W. Se M« feff. 1. c. 8. Nor 13 Sc 14. W.,3. c. 6. The comimffioaers not to be di£-qualified from fittin g in the houfe of commons.

The End of the Eleventh Voume

