THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM THE

Firft Year of King Henry V.

TO THE

Twenty-fecond Year of King EDW. IV. inclufive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. III.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE, Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London.. 1762.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the ift year of K. Henry V. to the 22d of K. Edward IV. both inclufives

Anno i Hen- 5.

Cap. 1. Concerning ele&ions of knights, citizens and burgeffes of parliament.

Cap. 2. A confirmation of former ftatutes againft wears, kiddels, &c.

Cap. 3. Againft forgers of deeds.

Cap. 4. That (heriffs bailiffs (hall not be in the fame office in three years after, nor be attornies.

Cap. 5. That the defendant’s addition (hall be given where procefs of outlawry lieth.

Cap. 6. That JVelchmen (hall take no revenge againft the Englijb purifiers in the late rebellion.

Cap. 7. Againft aliens taking any benefices in England.

Cap. 8. Againft Irijbmen repairing to England.

Cap. o. That the revenues of Calais (hall be employed to the maintenance thereof.

Cap 10. By what meafure purveyors (hall take and buy com.

Anno 2 Hen. 5. Jlat. 1.

Cap. 1. Power given to ordinaries to enquire of the government of hofpitals.

Cap. 2. Concerning writs of Certio-rori, or Corpus cum caitfa, granted for perfons in execution.

Cap. 3. For granting a copy of the libel in the fpiritual court.

Cap. 4. Concerning the office of a juftice of the peace and of labourers.

Cap. 5. For procefs againft felons dwelling in Tyndal or Examjbire. Vd.UI.

Cap. 6. Breaking of truce or fafe condu&s (hall be high treafon.

Cap. 7. Againft Lollards and other hereticks.

Cap. 8. For fuppreffing riots, routs, and unlawful aflemblies.

Cap. 9. Againft thofe who commit felony and fiee into an unknown place.

2 Hen. 5. Jlat. 2.

Cap. 1. What fort of perfons (hal) be juftices of peace.

Cap. 2. For wages of priefts.

Cap. 3. For the fufficiency of jurors.

Cap. 4. Concerning goldimiths, and

gilding of filver ware, lap. c. To

Cap. £. To prevent rebellions, felonies, See. by JVelchmen.

Cap. 6. Concerning exportation of merchandifes of the ftaple.

Anno 3 Hen. 5. Jlat. 1.

Cap. 1. Felony to import any fort of money forbidden by former ftatutes; and for abolifhing Gaily half-pence, fufkins and dotkins.

Anno 3 Hen. 5. Jlat. 2.

Cap. 1. A confirmation of liberties, rranchifes, &c. and all ftatutes not repealed.

Cap. 2. Concerning abbots and priors being fuitors to certain courts baron.

Cap. 3. Britons not made denizens (hall depart the realm.

Cap. 4. Againft provifions. See. of a benefice full of an incumbent.

Cap. 5. Concerning attaints upon a falfe verdidt given in the city of Lincoln.

A	Cap.

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap. 6, and 7. Againft clipping, walhing, or filing of money.

Cap. 8. Concerning fees for probates of teftaments.

Anno 4 Hen. 5.

Cap. 1. A confirmation of the charters, and of all former ftatutes not repealed.

Cap. 2. For allowance upon (he-riffs accounts, of things cafual.

Cap. 3. Concerning patten-makers.

Cap. 4. Againft exceflive wages of fervants in husbandry.

Cap. 5. A confirmation of the ftatutes, made 5 H 4. cap. 7, and . How merchants ftrangers (hall e ufed, and hofts appointed for them.

Cap. 6. Concerning benefices, &c. granted to Irijhmen.

Cap. 7. In what cafes letters of marque may be granted.

Cap. 8. The King*s pardon.

Anno 5 Hen. 5.

Abbots and others may make their attomies until the next parliament.

Anno 7 Hen* 5.

Againft inditing men in the county of Lancafier, tor offences in a place where there is none fuch, and a-gainft makers, &c. of falfe deeds.

Anno 8 Hen. 5.

Cap. 1. That parliament writs a-warded in the name of the King’* lieutenant (hall not be ftayed by the King's return from France into England.

Cap. 2. Concerning bullion to be brought to the mint by merchants of the Weft.

Cap. 3. Concerning gilding and fil-vering of things.

Anno 9 Hen. 5 Jlat. 1.

Cap. i. Concerning appeals and in-di&ments.

Cap. 2. Concerning the forfeiture by perfons outlawed in Lancajbire.

Cap. 3. Concerning protections for

fuch as ferved the King in Her*

mahdy.

Gap. 4. Concerning amendment of records or procefs after judgment.

Cap. 5. For making (henffs and cf-cheators.

Cap, 6. Concerning the mint and coinage at Calais.

Cap^. Againft offenders in RideJ dale, &c. in Northumberland.

Cap. 8. Certain fcholars of Oxford to be expelled for certain offences.

Cap. 9. Religious perfons (hall not be appointed to colled difmes or fubfidies out of their county.

Cap. io. Concerning the meafureof keels to carry fea-coal to Newcajlle.

Cap. 11. No Englijh gold (hall be received in payment but by the King's weight.

Cap. 12. ConcerningRochejler bridge.

Anno 9 Hen. 5. Jlat. 2.

Cap, i. A confirmation of all ftatutes not repealed, made concerning money.

Cap. 2. Concerning the King’s exchanges of money in London.

Cap. 3. For payment of good money at the King’s exchanges.

Cap. 4. For bringing the money received for the exchange to the Tower.

Cap. 5. Concerning the mint at Calais.

Cap. 6. For good allay and weight of money.

Cap. 7. For the weight of gold money.

Cap. 8. Againft counterfeiters and makers of falfe weights.

Cap. 9. Concerning exchange to the court of Rome.

Cap. 10. For relief of collectors of difmes and quinzifmes.

Cap. 11. For repair of certain roads and bridges about Abingdon.

Anno 1 Henry 6.

Cap. 1. The King's council may af-fign money to be coined in as many places as they will.

Cap.



Digitized

•by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

* Cap. 2. For proclamations of the thtutes of purveyors.

Cap. j. What Irijhmen may refort to England.

Cap. 4. Concerning the mint and exchanges.

Cap. 5. For the wages of tjiofe who fcrved the late l5ng in his wars and for redemption of the jewels mortgaged by him.

Cap. 6. For revival of the ftatute of me 9 Hen. 5. c. 9. concerning exchanges to the court of Rome.

Amo 2 Hen* 6.

Cap. 1. A confirmation of the liberties of the church and of all cities, boroughs, &c.

Cap. 2. concerning the rights of the bofpital of St. Leonard in York.

Cap. 3. That John duke of Bedford being in the King’s fervice in Froncty (hall be received to defend his right by attorney.

Cap. 4. Tor the ftaple at Calais.

Cap. 5. Concerning exportation of wools, &c.

Cap. 6. Againft exportation of gold and filver.

Cap. 7. Againft cordwainera ufing the myftenr of a tanner.

Cap. 8. Irijhmen referring to England lhall put in furety for their good abearing.

Cap. 9. For aboBlhing the money called blanks.

A penalty on deceitful, workers of gold and filver embroidery. Concerning the reverial of outlawries againft perfons in the King’s fervice.

Thejuftices (hall remove nuifances in the Thames.

Cap. 10. Concerning the appointment of inferior officers in the King’s courts.

Cap. n. For the feveral meafures of veflels of wine, filh, &c.

Cap. 12. Concerning the duty of the officers of the mint.

Cap. 13. Concerning the price of

filver plate and for increafe of white money.

Cap. 14, Concerning the finenefs and marks of hamefs of filver. For punilhment of labourers, &c. taking unreafonable wages.

Cap. 15. Againft nets and engines in the Thames and other rivers.

Cap. 16. A remedy for reverfioners where the particular tenants have loft by default.

Cap. 17. Perfons indicted of high treafon, efcaping out of prifon, (hall be. adjudged traitors.

Anno 3 Hen. 6.

Cap. r. Againft chapiters andafiem* hlies of mafons.

Cap. 2. Againft the exporting qf ftieep.

Cap. 3. Againft concealing of the King’s culloms.

Cap. 4. Concerning the tranfporta-tion of butter and cheefe.

Cap. 5 Concerning the river Ley± running from Ware to Thames. »

Anno 4 Hen. 6.

Cap. t. Concerning the duty of (he-riffs and for the returning of writs.

Cap. 2. For protections of fuch as ferved in the King’s wars in France.

Cap. 3. For amendment of records. * v

Cap. 4* Againft abatement of precedes againft certain that were late made knights.

Cap. 5. Concerning the exportation of com.

Anno 6 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1. Concerning procefc on indictments in the King’s bench.

Cap. 2. How long time panels (hall be delivered to the parties in aflife before the feflions of thejuftices.

Cap. 3. Concerning the wages of labourers, &c. and penalty for taking more.

Cap. 4. Concerning the election of knights, &c. of the parliament.

Cap. 5. For commiffions of fewers.

A 2	Cap*

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. For (hipping merchandife from Melcomb haven to Calais.

Anno 8 Hen. 6.

Cap. i. For the privilege of the clergy coining to the convocation.

Cap. 2. Concerning the ftaple of Denmark.

Cap. 3. Concerning (ewers.

Cap. 4. Againft giving liveries and retainers.

Cap. 5. For a common balance and • . weight to be in every city, &e. and againft the buying of woolen yam.

Cap. 6. Againft calling threatning bills into houfes.

Cap. 7. Concerning the election of knights of the parliament.

Cap. §. Concerning the wages of labourers, &c.

Cap. 9. Againft forcible entries.

Cap. 10. Concerning procefs upon indi&ments and appeals againft perfons dwelling in foreign coun-

v ties.

Cap. 11. Concerning apprentices taken by the citizens of London.

Cap. 12. For amendments and a-gainft embezzeling of records.

Cap. 13. Concerning protections for thole that lhall go with the King into France.

Cap. 14. Againft felons that hide themfelves in woods, &c.

Cap. 15. For amendment of records and procefles.

Cap. 16. Concerning inquifitions taken by efcheators.

Cap. 17. Concerning the ftaple at Calais.

Cap. 18. Concerning the price of ftaple goods and the mint at Calais.

Cap. 19. Againft clandeftitie exportation of merchandifes.

Cap. 20. Concerning inhabitants of Calais buying ftaple goods.

Cap. 2i. Repeal of licences for Ihip-ping goods to other places than Calais.

Cap. 22. Againft forcing, clacking, or bearing of wools.

Cap. 23. Againft the exportation of woolen thrums.

Cap. 24. Againft payments in gold made to merchants aliens.

Cap. 25. That the mayor of the ftaple lhall continue two years in his office.

Cap. 26. Againft defendants making default in affifcs, &c. to put any mayors, lords, &c. from their ju-rifdidlion.

Cap. 27. For the free navigation of the Severn by the inhabitants of Tewksbury.

Cap. 28. For erefting two bridges over the waters of Burford and Culhamford in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 29. For inquefts iemedietate lingua where an alien is party.

Anno 9 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1. For the adjournment of af-fifes and Nift prius during the .parliament.

Cap. 2. That Englifh merchants may fell to aliens, giving them only fix months credit.

Cap. 3. A confirmation of the attainder of Owen Glendower.

Cap. 4. That executors, &c. (hall maintain an Idemptitate nominis.

Cap. 5. For free navigation by all men in the river of Severn.

Cap. 6. Concerning the right of weighing of the borough 0? Dor* chejler.

Cap. 7. Againft extortion by the meriffs, &c. of Herefordjbire.

Cap. 8. The weight of a wey of cheefe.

Cap. 9. For granting a commiflion to cleanfe and amend the river Ley *

Cap. 10. Concerning attornies in courts baron for abbots and religious perfons.

Cap. 11. Proclamations to be made before a writ of baftardy lhall be awarded.

Anno 10 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1. For the validity of recognizances

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

lances of the ftaple taken before the mayor of Calais.

Cap-a- Concerning the eje^ors of the knights of the parliament.

Cip. 3. For reprifal of goods taken by the fubjeds of Denmark.

Cf. 4. Againft any falfe entry of appearances by philizers or other officers.

Cap. 5. Concerning the maintenance of certain places about Calais.

Cap. 6. What procefs (hall be a-warded upon indidments and appeals removed into the King’s bench.

Cap. 7. Againft carrying ftaple mer«r chandifes to other places than to

Calais.

Anno 10 Hen. 6. flat. 2. Concerning the wages of the King’s judges, (erjeants, &c.

Amo 11 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1. Againft the ftewholders in Southwark being impanelled upon juiies or keeping any inn or tavern but there.

Cap. a. Againft naming of (heriffs difleifors in a (life.

Cap. 3. That an adion, &c. (hall be maintainable againft the pernor of the profits.

Cap. 4. The plaintiffs in attaint (hall recover their cofts and damages. Cap. 5. That he in the reverfion may have wafte againft the pernors of the profits.

Cap. 6. No fuit pending before any juftices, &c. (hall be difeontinueef by a new commiflion.

Cap. 7. A revival for three years, of the ftatute of the 9 Hen. 6. c 7 . againft extortion by the (heriffs of Herefordjbire.

Cap. 8. A confirmation of all the ftatutes for true weights and mea-fures.

Cap. 9. For the length and breadth of cloths called ftreits.

Cap. 10. He that fues to an execution upon a ftatute, (hall find furety to

fatisfy both the King and the party.

Cap. 11. For punilhment of affaults made on perfbns coming to th<? parliament.

Cap. 12. Concerning wax chandlers.

Cap. 13. A confirmation for three' years, of the ftatute of the 8 Hen. 6. c. 18. concerning the ftaple at Ca-bis, and felling there for ready' money.

Cap. 14. Againft (hipping ftaple merchancjiles in creeks.

Cap. 15. For the difeharge of merchants that have paid their cuftom.

Cap. 16. Againft cuftomers making blank cockets to merchants.

Anno 14 Hen. 6.	J

Cap. 1. That Juftices of Nifi prius may give judgment where one is either attainted or acquitted.

Cap. 2. Concerning licences for (hipping of wools, &c.

Cap. 3. For holding the aflizes for the counry of Cumberland at Caf-lijle.

Cap. 4. Juftices of the peace in Middlefex may keep thejr Tedious but twice in the year.

Cap. 5. For the forfeiture of ftapl^ merchandifes (hipped in creeks, &c.

Cap. 6. For aliens to fell viduals in grofs or retail.

Cap. 7. That merchandifes taken ir> enemies (hips, though belonging to foreigners in amity, (hall not be reftored.

Cap. 8. For fu(pending the ftatute againft breakers of truce, &c.

Anno 15 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1. Where in fuit before the fteward and marihal of the King’s houfe* the defendant may plead that the plaintiff or he are not of the King’s houfe.

Cap. 2. Concerning the exportation of corn.

Cap. 3. Concerning fafe conduces.

Cap. 4. None (hall fue a fubpeena until he find furety to fatisfy the A 3	djcfen*

Digitized by Google

M J

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

defendant’s cods if he does not ve-

, riiy his bill.

Cap. 5. Concerning the fufficiency of jurors returned in writs of attaint.

Cap. 6. Againft unlawful orders made by guilds and other com-

panies.

Cap. 7. That religious perfons may make attornies in certain courts,

, &c.

Cap. 8. Againft (hipping merchan-difes of the (tuple, but at wharfs affigned, &c.

Anno 18 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1. Letters patents (hall bear the date of the King’s warrant delivered into the chancery.

Cap. 2. They who have gavelkind lands to the yearly value of twenty pounds may be returned in attaints.

.Cap. 3. For exportation of butter and cheefe to other places than

Calais.

Cap. 4. Againft merchants aliens lelline merchandifes here to other merchants aliens, &c.

Cap. 5. Concerning collectors of dif-mes and fifteens.

Cap. 6. No lands (hall be granted by letters patents before the King’s title be found.

Cap. 7. Tor returning of offices by efcheators.

Cap. 8. What things are requifiteto make the King’s fafe conduct good.

Cap. 9. Concerning entries by exi-geritor^apd phihzers.

Cap. 10. For awarding commiffions of fewers during ten years.

Cap. 11. What yearly value in lands a juftice of peace ought to have.

Cap. 12. Appeals or indictments fuppofed in a place where there is none fuch, (hall be void.

Cap. 13. Concerning forfeitures on outlawries in the county of Lan~ cajier.

Cap. 14. Againft bribery in making

of arrays and panels of Judies.

Cap. 15. Againft the carriage of wools to other places than to Calais*

Cap. 16. That there (hall be but one meafure of cloth through tho realm.

Cap. 17. For gauging veflels of wine, oil and honey.

Cap. 18. Againft captains detaining any part of their foldiers wages.

Cap. 19. Againft foldiers departing without licence from their captains.

Anno 20 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1. For the inrollment of (afe conducts in the chancery.

Cap. 2. Concerning the forfeiture on outlawries m the county of Lancajier.

Cap. 3. That robberies, &c. by the borderers in Wales (hall be high treafon.

Cap. 4. Concerning duties to be paid for carrying wools to any other place than the ftaples.

Cap. c. That no cuftomer, compT troller, &c. (hall have a (hip of his own, ufe merchandife, keep a wharf or inn, or be a faCtor.

Cap. 6. Concerning the exportation of com.

Cap. 7. For the forfeiture of goods brought from Wales into England and notcuftomed.

Cap. 8. Againft purveyors taking cattle to the value of forty fhillingfc and not making prefent payment.

Cap o. The order of trial of coun-tefles, &c. by their peers.

Cap. 10. Concerning the making of worfteds in Norwich.

Cap. 11. For taking away the pain of high treafon in cafe of breaking truces and fafe conducts.

Cap. 12. Concerning the partition for wools by the mayor, &c. of the ftaple of Calais.

Anno 23 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1, & 2. Concerning purveyors.

Cap. 3. Concerning the exportation of woolen thrums.

Cap.



Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

I	Op. 4. Concerning the making of worfteds in Norfolk.

Cap. 5. For apprehending outlawed Wdfbmen retorting into Hereford^ fin.

f Cf* 6. Confirmation of the ftatute the 15 Hen. 6. c. 2. for exporta-mof com.

Cf 7. Againft gathering of head-peoceby *he (herifF of Northumber-W

Cap. 8. That no one (hall be (herifF, f under-fherifF, or (heriff’s clerk,

I above one year, except the city of

Cap. 9. Concerning commiffioners of fewers.

Cap. 10. Againft (herifFs ferming tkir bamwicks, committing ex-tomon, &c.

Cap. 11. For levying the wages ofthe knights of the parliament.

Cap. 12. Concerning the trial of new foreign pleas, pleaded aft$r i(Tue I joined.

| Cap. 13. Concerning the wages of [ fcrvants in husbandry ^nd labourers.

Cap. 14. Againft purveyors.

Cap. 15. Concerning election of knights, &c. for the parliament.

Cap. 16. Concerning the office of gaugers.

Cap. 17. Concerning inquefts taken by eiche'ators and their fees.

Cap. 18. Againft new impofitions on thofe who buy wines in Gajcony and Guyen.

Anno 25 Hen. 6.

Againft Weljhmen.

Anno 27 Hen. 6.

Cap. r. Reftrsunt from importing the produce of Brabant9 Sec.

Cap. 2. Againft the exportation of *od$, See.' to any place, but Calms.

Cap. 7. Againft the exportation of goldor ulver by merchants aliens.

Cap. 4. A confirmation of the ftatute

of 20 Hen. 6. c. 3. againft Weljb~ men.

Cap. 5. Againft holding fairs and markets upon Sundays and certain feftival days.

Cap. 6. The King’s pardon to the clergy.

Anno 28 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1. A confirmation of the ref-traint from importing the pro-* duce of Brabant, Sec.

Cap. 2. Concerning purveyors.

Cap. 3. The King’s pardon to (herifFs, Sec. for occupying their places above a year.

Cap. 4. Againft Weljbmen and Lan-cajbiremen taking goods or cattle under colour of diftrefs.

Cap. 5. Againft extortions, &c by officers of the cuftoms.

Anno 29 Hen. 6.

Cap. i. Attainder of Jack Cadi.

Cap. 2. Againft breakers of .truces, fafe conducts, See.

Cap. 3. For repealing patents of exemption, Sec. granted to citizens of York.

Anno 31 Hen* 6.

Cap. 1. Confirmation of the attainder of Jack Cade.

Cap. 2. Againft rioters difobeying privy feals and the King’s proclamation.

Cap. 3. Concerning attachments made by the wardens of the marches towards Scotland.

Cap. 4. For remedy of thofe who having a fafe conduct, are robbed upon the fea.

Cap. c. That no cuftomer, comptroller, aulnager, &c. (hall have any eftate certain in his office.

Cap. 6. Concerning forfeitures by thofe who are outlawed in Lan-cajhire.

Cap. 7. That rewards, Sec. to the King’s officers (hall not be included in the ftatute of refumption.

Cap,

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 8. Concerning a fubfidy before granted to the King on wools, fells, and cloth exported.

Cap. 9. A remedy for women enforced to be bound by ftatute or obligation.

Anno 33 Hen. 6.

Cap. 1. A remedy for executors a-gainft fervants that embezzle their matters goods after his death.

Cap. 2. A repeal of the ftatute of the 31 H.6. c. 6. concerning outlawries in Lancqjhirt.

Cap. 3. Againft extortions committed by officers of the exchequer.

Cap. 4. Concerning brewers in Kent.

Cap. 5. Againft the importation of wrought filk belonging to the my-ftery of filk women.

Cap. 6. Concerning the abbot of Fountain in Yorkjhire.

Cap. 7. Concerning the number of attomies in Norfolk, Suffolk, and Norwich.

Anno 39 Henry 6.

Cgp. 1. A repeal of all the adts of the parliament held at Coventry, 20 die Novembris, anno 37 H 6.

Cap. 2. That women of the age of 14 years, at the death of their an-ceftors, (hall have livery of their

. lands.

Anno 1 Edw. 4.

Cap. 1. What a<fts done by King Henry IV. K. Henry V. and K. Henry VI. (hall continue good, and what not..

Cap. 2. Concerning procefs upon indi<ftnr>ent$ and prefentments in (heriffs toums,

Anno 3 Edw. 4.

Cap. 1. Concerning the exportation of wools, fells, (horlings, &c.

Cap. 2. Againft the importation of corn until it (lull exceed certain prices.

Cap. 3. Againft the importation of wrought filk, concerning the my-ftery of filk-workers.

Cap. 4. Againft the importation of certain merchandifes ready wrought.

Cap. 5. Concerning apparel.

Anno 4 Edw. 4.

Cap. 1. Concerning the length and breadth of cloths, and againft the importation of cloths wrought beyond fea.

Cap. 2. Concerning the exportation of Englijh wool to the ftaple at Calais.

Cap. 3. Concerning the exportation of merchandifes of the ftaple from Newcajlle to Calais.

Cap. 4. Concerning the manner of contradling for wool in certain counties.

Capt 5. Againft the importation of merchandifes of the duchy of Burgundy.

Cap. 6. Concerning merchants aliens employment of their money upon commodities of this realm.

Cap. 7. Concerning cordwainers in London, or within three miles thereof.

Cap. 8. Concerning homers in the city of London.

Cap. 9. Concerning patten-mak* ers.

Cap. 10. That the paflage of pilgrims (hall be only at Dover.

Anno 7 Edw. 4.

Cap. i. Concerning worded weavers in the city of Norwich and the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 2. Concerning cloths made in the hundreds of Lifton, Tavijlock, and Rowburgh in Devonjhire.

Cap. 3. Againft the exportation of woolen yam, or cloth unfulled.

Cap. 4. Concerning grants made by the King.

Cap. 5. flow lands coming to the King by attainder, and granted to another, (hall be held.

Anno 8 Edw. 4.

Cap. 1. Concerning the dimenfipns, &c. of woolen cloths.

Cap.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 2. Concerning liveries of companies.

Cap- V Concerning jurors in Mid-&Jtx.

Cap. 4. For pardon of (heriffs, &c. oencifing their offices above one ttar.

Anno 12 Edw. 4.

Cap. i. A flieriff, not being dif-charged, may occupy his office daring Michaelmas term.

Cap. 2. Four bow ftaves (hall be > brought into this realm for every tan of merchandife.

Cap. 3. For the payment of a fubfidy granted to the King during his life. Cap. 4. Concerning liveries to be given by the prince of Wales.

Cap. 5. concerning the exportation of wools.

Cap. 6. Concerning the fewers.

Cap. 7. Againft wears and fi(h-gartns.

Cap. 8. The chief governors only of cities, &c. (hall have the fearch-ing and furveying of vidual, and patents to fearchers and furveyors of vidual (hall be void.

I Cap. 9. Concerning the office of ef-cheators.

Anne 14 Edw. 4.

Cap. 1. For the benefit of the King’s tenants going in his wars.

Cap. 2. Concerning protections of fuch as go in the King’s wars.

Cap. 3. Concerning the exportation of wools and fells.

Cap. 4. A confirmation of ftatutes made againft the breakers of truce, &c.

Anno 17 Edw. 4.

Cap. 1.	concerning	money.

Cap. 2. For courts of Pie-powders.

Cap. 3. Againft unlawful games.

Cap. 4. Concerning the making of tile.

Cap. 5. Concerning the fealing of cloths.

Cap. 6. That the old (heriff may execute his office during the refidue of Michaelmas and Hillary term, after his year ended, if he has not before his writ of difcharge.

Cap. 7. A repeal of the parliament held anno 9 Ed. 4. and 49 Hen. 6.

Anno 22 Edw. 4.

Cap. 1. An ad concerning apparel.

Cap. 2. Concerning the packing of barrell’d fifli.

Cap. 3. Concerning (ilk-workers.

Cap. 4. For limiting the price of bows.

Cap. 5. Concerning the fulling of hats and caps.

Cap. 6. Concerning fwans.

Cap. 7. An ad for inclofing woods in forefts, chafes, and purlieus. .

Cap. 8. Concerning the town and freemen of Berwick.

The End of the TABLE.

1

Digitized by L. ooQle

Digitized by

Google

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno primo HENRICI V.

Statutes made at Wejiminjier in the first year of the reign of King Henry the Fifth, and in the year of our Lord 1413.

NOSTRE feignur le Roy /^VUR lord the King, at his a fon parlement tenuz a V>/ parliament holden at Weft-Weftm* a les trois femaignes minfter in the third week of de Pafche lan de fon rcgne pri- Eafter, the fir fly ear of his reigny mere de ladvis & a(fent des by the advice and ajknt of the fcignurs efpirituelx & tempo- lords fpiritual and temporal, and rebc & a les efpecialx inftaunce at the fpecial inflame and requeft ic requeft des communes de of the commons of this realm\ hath fon roialme ad ordeignez & ordained and efablifhed divers eftabliz diverfes ordinaunces Jlatutes and ordinances in the ic eftatuts en la fourme qen- form following. feute.

CAP. I.

What fort of people /hall be chofen, and who /hall be the choofers of the knights and burgejfes of the parliament. -

PRimerement qe les eftatutz faitz de la election des chivalers des countees pur ve-nir au parlement foient tenuz ic gardez en toutz pointz ad-jouftant a ycelles qe les chiva-lers des countees qe defores ferrount efluz en chefcun coun-tee ne foient efluz fils ne foient refeauntz deinz les countees ou ils ferrount iffint efluz le jour de la date du brief de fomons de parlement et qe les chiva-lers & efquiers & autres qi ferrount ellifours des tielx chi-valcrs des countees foient auxi refeauntz deins mefmes les countees en maniere & fourme come deflus eft dit. Et outre ceo ordeignez eft 5c eftabliz qe Vojl. UI.	lea

FIRST* That the ftatutes of Raft^s.

the election of the knights of the (hires to come to the parliament, be holden and kept in all points j (2) adjoining to what perfont the fame, That the knights of fhall be chofen the (hires which from hence- and who ftiali forth (hall be chofen in every lbe -(hire, be not chofen unlefs they £he j^ghts, be refident within the (hire citizens and where they (hall be chofen the burgefles for day of the date of the writ ofthc Parba* the fummons of the parlia- ment' ment; (3) and that the knights and efquires, and others which (hall be choofers of thofe knights of the (hires, be alfo refident within thc fame (hires, in manner ahd form form as is aforefaid. (4) And £	more-

Google

Anno primo Henrici V.	[1413.

moreover it is ordained and les citeins & burgeifes des citees

7	H. 4. c.15.

8	H. 6. c.7.

10 H. 6. c. i. *3 H. 6. c.15.

eftablilhed, That the citizens and burgefles of the cities and boroughs be chofcn men, citizens and burgeffes refiant, dwelling and free in the lame cities and boroughs* and no other in any wife.

CAP.

& burghs foient elluz homines citeins & burgeifes refeauntz demurrauntz & enfraunchifes en mefmes les cites & burghs & nulles autres en nulle ma-nere.

II.

A confirmation of former ftatutes torching wears, mills%

kidehy &V.

9 <F,d. vftat.4, TTEM, becaufe that great com-c. 4.	JL plaint hath been made to our

45 £d. 3.C.X. j'aid lord the King in this prefcnt 4H.4. c.xi. parliamenty for that the Jlatutes made in the time of his noble progenitors Kings of England, of the levying and jlraiting of wears, mills, jlanny flakes, ana kidehy be not kept according to the form and effeft of the fame ftatutes, to the great damage of the people of the realm of England; (2) ourfaid lord the King that now is, by the advice and aifent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the requoft of the (hid commons, will and gram. That the faid ftatutes and ordinances be furely holden and kept, and put in aue execution.

CAP,

ITEM pur ce qe graunde compleinte ad efte faite a noftre dit feignur le Roy en Le dit parlement de ce qe les efta-rutz faitz en temps de fes nobles progenitours de les enhan-ceur & eftreiture des gors des moleyns eftankcs eftakes & ki-deux ne font pas tenuz ne gardes folonc les fburme & effect de mefmes les eftatuts a graunt damage du poeple & du roiahne mefme noftre feignur fc Roy de ladvis & aflent fuif-ditz & a la requeft des dites communes voet & graunte qe les ditz eftatuts foient ferment tenuz & gardes & mys en due execution.

III.

The penalty for forging or ptblijhing a falfe deed.

JTEM, whereas many of the Kings liege people which have manors9

Ex edit. Raft. _	,	„ y ---------------0	A

ton fpi racy.	JL lands, or tenements, by pur chafe or by defccnt of inheritance or in

f ^fSd g Q\	any ot^er manner'> intending to be in peace and reft in their faid tennns

Kcilw^iio. b. as ^ey were ^t0 divers evil difpofed perfonsyfeme of their own head, and feme byfalfe confpiracy and covin fubtilly imagine andforge of new divers falfe deeds and miniments, and them do openly to be pro-nounced, publt/hedy and ready to trouble and change the lands of good people of the country, and to undo and trouble the pojfejflons and titles of the faid King’s liege people, by the which imagination and falflty many of the aforefaid liege people be troubled and vexedy and at all times abiding in doubt of their pojfejflons and eflate: our fovereign lord the King willing to purvey a remedy in this cafe, by the advice and ' aifent aforefaid, and at the requeft of the faid commons hath ordained and eftablilhed, That the party fo .grieved lhall have his fuit in that cafe, and recover his damages, and the party con-vid (hall make line and ranfom at the King's pleafure.

CAP.

Digitized by VjOOQLC	,

Rep. 5 Eliz. c. 14.

W3-1

Apqo primo HfiNRici V.

CAP. IV.

Sheriffs bailiffs fhall not be in the fame office in three years after. Sheriffs officers fhall not be attornies.

TTEM pur ceo qe les lieges lnoftre feignur le Roy nofent gf ptirfuir ne compleindre des extortions & oppreffions a eux faitx par les miniftres des vif-countes ceftaffavoir par fouth-vifcountz clerks des vifeountes refceyvours & baillifs des vifeountes a caufe qe les ditz fouthvifeountes clerks refcei-tours & baillifs des vifeountes fount fv continuelment de an en an aemurrauntz ovefqe les vifeountes enterchaungeable-ment en un office ou en autre tioftre feignur le Roy de ladvis k aflent luifdit & a la reaueft des ditz communes ad oraeig-nez 6t eftabliz qe ceux qi fount baillifs des vifeountz par un an ne foient en nul tiel office par les trois ans profehein enfuantz forfpris les bailliffs des vifeountes queux font enheriteez en lourvifcounteesetqe nul fouth-vifeount ne clerk de vifeount refeeivour ne baillif de vifeount (bit attoume en aucun court de Roy pur le temps qil eft en office au aucun tiel vifeount.

ITEM, for as much as tht Kings liege people dare not purfue or complain of the extorfi-ons and of the oppreffions to them done by the officers of Jheriffis, that is to Jay, by under-jherijfs, clerks of Jheriffis, receivers and bailiffs of Jheriffsy becaufe that the faid un-derSheriffs, clerks, receivers, and bailiffs be continually,from year to year, abiding with the Jheriffis interchangeably out 6f one office into another; (2) our lord the King, The fheriflt by the advice and affent afore- ba,bJ*f /**** faid, and at the requeft of the Qftce faid commons, hath ordained three years and eftablifhed, That they after, which be bailiffs of fheriflfc by % one year, (hall be in qo fuen office by three years next following, except bailiffs of (he-riffs which be inheritable in their fheriffwicks. (3) And Sheriffs offi-that no under-lheriff, fheritFs <-crs (hal1 n<* clerk, receiver* nor fherifFs be attornief* bailiff, be attorney in the King’s courts during the time that he is in office with any fuch fhe-riff.

CAP. V.

In which original writs additions of the defendants names fhall be put.

ITEM prdeignez eft Jr eftabliz qen chefcun brief original des aftions perfonelx & appclles & enditementz en queux exigend’ ferra agardez qa les nouns des defendauntz en tieux briefs originalx applies & enditementz foient faitz additions de lour eftat ou degree ou de miftere & les villes ou hamelles ou lieux & les coumees des queux ils fiirent

ou

ITEM, it is ordained and 6 Co. 67.

eftablifhed, That in every original writ of actions perfo- Dyer, ^6. nals, appeals, and indidhnents, Bro. Addit. 4* and in which the exigent (hall 5>7 -—&c. be awarded, in the names of x the defendants in fuch writs 3 original, appeals and indi&-ments, additions (hall be made of their eftate or degree, or my-ftery, and of the towns, or hamlets, or places, and counties,

B 2	of

Digitized by

Anno primo Henrici V.	[1413.

of the which they were, or be, ou fount ou en queux ils font

In original writs wherein exigent (hall be awarded, additions of 1 the defendants names (hall be put.

Hob. 129. Surplufage of additions (hall not prejudice. Mod. cales in law, 51.

t H.6.C.I2, 5. El. c.23.

Ex edit. Raft Wales.

or in which they be or were converfant; (2) and if by pro-cefs upon the faid original writs, appeals, or indi&ments, in riie which the faid additions be omitted, any utlagaries be pronounced, that they be void, fruftrate, and holden for none;

(3)	and that before the utlagaries pronounced, the faid writs and indictments (hall be abated by the exception of the party, where in the fame the (aid additions be omitted.

(4)	Provided always, That, though the faid writs of additions perfonals be not according to the records and deeds, by the furplufage of the additions aforefaid, that for that caufe they be not abated;

(5)	and that’the clerks of the chancery, under whofe names fuch writs (hall go forth written, (hall not leave out, or make omiflion of the faid additions as is aforefaid, upon pain to be pu-nifhed, and to make a fine to the King, by the diferetion of the chancellor. (6) And this ordinance (hall begin to hold place at the fuit of the party, from the feaft of St. Michael next enfuing forward.

CAP. VI.

No WeKhman fhall take revenge againjl thofe Englifhmen which did ptirfue their friends in the late rebellion.

ITEM, whereas in the time of this rebellion of Wales, many of the King's lawful liege people as well Englifhmen as Wei(hmen have been in divers parts of W ales upon the coireftion of rebels, there by. the commandment of the fame our fovereign lord the King and his council^ at the which time fome of the faid rebels as well on horfeback as on foot, found armed in making of war againjl their faith and liegeance were fain, and feme maimed, beaten, wounded, taken and imprifonedy their goods and chattels carried away by the faid liege people for the caufe aforefaid, as it was well lawful, according as by our faid Jove-reign lord the King and his council afore this time hath been ordained in this behalf, and that notwith/landing many of the faid rebels being t of blood Jo theft rebels fo dead with their

ou ferront converfauntz. Et fi par procefle fur les ditz briefs originalx appelles ou endite-mentes en queux les ditz additions foient entreleflezaucunes utlagariez foient pronunciex qils foient voidez irritez & te-nuz pur null & qe avaunt les utlagaries pronunciez les ditz' briefs & enditementes foient abatuz par exception du partie par la ou en icelles les ditz additions foient enterleflez. Pur-veux toutfoitz qe mefqe les dites briefs daCtions perfonelx ne foient accordauntz as re-cordes ou faits par la fuperplu-fage des additions fuifditz qe pour celle caufe ils ne foient abatuz et qe les clerks de la chauncellarie fouth qi noms tiels briefs ifferount elcriptz ne enterleffent ne facent omifiion des ditz additions come deffuis eft dit fur peyne deftre puniz affaire fyn a Roy par diferetion de chanceller. Et comencera cefte ordinance a tenir lieu a feute de partie de la feft de Seint Michel profehein ena-vaunt.

yet alive, and other next

Digitized by

Google

friends

*4*3-]	Anno primo Henrici V.

friends now daily make quarrels and great purfuit againft the /aidfaithful liege people, dwelling or ref ant in thefe parts, and in the /hires being next to Wales furmifmg in them> that they fuch things as is afore-faid, to themfelves or to their couftns or friends falfiy have done, by the tbhich they demand of the faidfaithful liege people high amends, threat- -rang that they othertvife would be of that avenged, whereby the faid faithful liege people be many times fore and grievoufy vexed in many parts and lordfhips ofWzXeSyfome of them by indictments, aecufements or impeachments, and Jome by menaces diftreffes takeny and fome by their body taken and imprifoned, until that they have made gree to them in this behalf or that they would them excufe of the death of fuch rebels fo Jlain by one affache, after the cufom of Wales, that is to fay by the oath of three hundred men, and of all fuch other trefpajfes before	L

fpecifed them acquit: to the great damage and defirufiion of the faid faithful liege people, and evil example in time to come: it is ordained and eftablilhed, That fuch quarrel, adlion, and demand be not made from henceforth by art nor by engine, to any of the faithful liege people, by any oX them, which have been rebels, nor by their adherents, be he coufin, ally, or friend, nor by any other, upon pain to pay to the party grieved his treble damages, and to be imprifoned by two years after that he be convid: and moreover to make fine and ranfpm in this behalf before that he be delivered *out of prifon.

CAP. VII.

A confirmation of the Jlatute of 13 Rich. 2. c.3. refraining aliens to accept any benefices in England.

ITEM, whereas in the parliament holden at Weftminfter, irt the Alien*.

time of King Richard the Second, the xiii .year of his reign it was Ordained^ That no alien Frenchman Jbould have nor enjoy any benefice within this realm for certain caufe, which might come or happen, but that they fhouldbe delivered and voided for ever out of the realm before a certain time in the faid ordinance limit, as in the fame is plainly con- Benefice. tained. And that at what time that any priories aliens conventual or any other benefice or office due by the King's title, do void by the departing or death of the faid priors and other occupiers, that then there Jbould be during the wars, honef Englifli perfons put in their place to accomplijh the divine fervice, and none of the enemies aforefaid. And notwithfanding the Jaid ordinance, the faid aliens Frenchmen, by evil imagination and brocage to continue the roil mifchiefs of the faid ordinance, purchafe the King's letters patents to be denizens and the King's liege people and/'wear the fame to continue, to the intent to occupy and enjoy the faid benefices, and fo yet occupy many benefices agdinfi the faid ordinance, whereby thefe aliens Frenchmen beincreafed, in definition of the King's liege people, and bear away out of the realm great treafure of the King's and of the realm's : and the King's counfel difclofe to the enemies ^France, to the great damage of the King and his realm: our fovereign lord the King confidering the faid mifchiefs, will that the faid ordinances be firmly holden and kept, and put in due execution, except the priors aliens conventual, and alfo all other priors which have inftitution and indu&ion, fo that they be ca-

B 3	tholickf

6

Irilhmcn and Irilh clerks beggars.

iH,6.c,], xH.6 c. 8.

Calais.

Anho primo HatfftlCi V*	[*41

tKolick, and that they fhall find furety, not to difclofe nor caufe to be difclofed the counfel nor the fecrets of the ifcalm.

CAP. VIII.

All Irifhmen and Irifh clerks beggars, fhall depart tins realm before the firfi day {/November* except graduates, fer-jeants, i£c.

ITEM, for the quietnefs and peace within the realm of England, and for the in^reafe and enfioring of the land / Ireland, it is Ordained and efiablifhed in this prefent parliament, That all Irifhmen zxAlrijh clerks beggars, called chamberdeacons, be voided out of the realm, betwixt the feaft of St. Michael next coming, and the feaft of All Saints next following, upon pain to lofe their goods, and to be imprifoned at the King’s pfeafure: except fuch as be graduates in the fchools, and ferjeants and apprentices of the law, and fuch which be inheritors in England, and religious perfons profeffed, and except alfo the merchants born in Ireland of good name, and their apprentices now dwelling in England, and them with whom the King will difpenfe. And that all the lrijhmen which have benefices or offices in the land of Ireland, (hall dwell upon their offices or be* ncfices for the defence of thp lapd of Ireland*} aforefaid.

CAP* IX.

The revenues of Calais Jhaij be employed to the maintenance

of it.

ITEM, forafmuch as in the time of the noble King Edward the Third*, and of King Richard the Second, all the revenues, profits^ and commodities of the lands, tenements, fijhing cujloms, and all other profits, to the faid Kings belonging, in the town and marches of Calais, it was ordained to be levied by the treafurer / Calais, for the time being in fupportation of the charges of the fame town and marches, and fince which time a great part of them have been refrained by virtue of tl>e faid letters patents to divers captains and many other perfons, as well by the Jaid King Richard as by our redoubted fovereign lord King Henry the Fourth, father of our fovereign lord the King that now is, to them thereof made, whereby fome by colour of farm not reafonable, and other without any thing thereof yielding, to the great damage of the realm / England, and hindrance of the payments for the fuflentation of the Jaid town and marches to be done. And alfo forafmuch as divers offices of the collectors of money coming of the faid revenues, cujloms, profits, and commodities, which the faid treafurer of Calais, in the time aforefaid, ordained and affgned to fufficicnt perfons, for whom he would anjwer, to tarry and be removed according as to him fhall befi feem to the King's prefit, have been afterwards againfi the ancient ordinances and the ftatute in the parliament thereof made, by divers letters patents to divers perfons as well by the faid King Richard, as by our foyereign lord King Henry aforefaid, to them thereof made for term of their lives and otherwife occupied, and by colour of ihe faid letters patents, fome of them (as it is Jaid) do the more negligently their fervues, without being juflified by the treafurer aforefaid, to the great damage and hindrance of the payments aforefaid in times paft: our fovereign

Digitized by Google

7

1413-]	Anne	primo	Henricj	V.

Iforeign lord the King willing to efcbew fuch damages in time to tome, by the advice and qffent aforefaidy and at the requeft of the faid commons, will and hath ordained and eftablijhcdy That all the letters Letters pa-patents made to captains and other perfons, whatfoeverthey be,tcnt#*

*S well of all manner of rents, lands, tenements, cuftoms, filh-ings, and all other revenues, profits, and commodities in the’ faid town apd marches, as of the offices of collectors of a|l Tents, cuftoms, revenues, profits, and commodities to then} thereof made before this time againft the ordinances aforefaid* he wholly revoked and adnulled, and that the faid revenues, profits and commodities, be refumed into the hands of our fo-vereign lord the King, and put upon the fuftentatjon of the myments pod charges to the laid town and marches belonging.

Provided always. That my lord Thomas duke of Clarence, brother of our fovereign lord the King, be not reftrained by this ordinance and ftatute of any of his pofleffions in the faid marches.

And that no captain of caflles there be put out of the faid caftles, nor keeping of the fame by force of this ordinance or ftatute.

CAP. X.

By vpbat meafure purveyors and others Jhall take and buy

earn.

ITEM, whereas in the time of the King's noble progenitors it was ordained. That one meafure of the com (hould be through all the realm of England, that is to fay, eight bufhds for the quarter, and that every bulhel (hall contain eight gal-kft$i by force of which ordinances fuch meafure hath been ufed, with 9 bufhel of the faid quarter heaped: (2) and notwithstanding the faid good ordinances and ulages, the purveyors of com as well for the houfe of the father of our lord the King, as for the houfe of our lord the King, which now is, have takeri before this time for the faid houfes continually nine bufhels of wheat, and of other com for the quarter, and that many times by meafure not fealed, and alfo not ftricken, againft the will pf the fellers of the lame, and without due price fet upon the fame after the law of the land, and alfo caufe the fellers to carry the faid com to what place that them pleafeth, without paying for the carriage : (3) and the merchants and citizens of London, do life to take of every feller for the quarter of wheat nine bufhels by the meafure, uied within the faid city called the Fatey with London met-the bulhel Set upon the faid fate, and yet make the fellers to pay tore called she a halfpenny for the meafuring of every quarter, and take for Fatc* a quarter of oats ten bufhels, whereby tnc buyers of the com in the country will not buy nor take for the quarter of corn, but in foe feme manper as tlie (aid purveyors, and they of the faid city pfed to take, to the great hindrance and perpetual undoing of the commonalty aforelaid:

II. It is ordained and eftablifhed, That all the faid good ordinances be firmly holden and kept, after the effect of thelame. (2)

And fogt po -purveyor of pur lord the King, nor any other (hall

£ 4	ufe

$	Anno	fecundo	Henrici	V.	[1414*

By what mea- ufe hereafter to buy nor to take any com by other meafure, but furcs purvey- eight bulhels ftriked for the quarter; and that none be other-^llukeand w^c ^oun^ t0 deliver for the quarter but eight bufhels ftriked as buy com. *s aforefaid, and alfo that the payment be made in hand for the carriage. (3) And that if any purveyor of our lord the King, or any other perfon buy or take any com otherwife, or by other meafure but eight bufhels ftriked for the quarter, as in the faid ordinances is contained, and thereof be attainted, he (hall have one year’s imprifonment, and pay to the King an hundred (hillings, and to the party that feeleth himfelf grieved another hundred (hillings, and that as often as any of them be thereof attainted 5 (4) and that the party which will fue, have an a&ion grounded upon the cafe, (5) and that the iuftices of the peace a5 Ed.3.flat.5. have power to enquire and hold plea of all thefe things afore-c*1*	faid, and upon that make puniftiments as is aforefaid, as well at

ix H. 6*. c.8. the ft1** °f the King, as of the party: (6) and that from hence-11 H.7.C.4..' forth nothing be taken for the meafuring of fuch com in nCar.z.c.14.. any wife.

Statutes made at Leicefier^ Anno 2 Hen. V. flat. 1. and Anno Dom. 1414.

OUR lord the King, at his parliament holden at Lei-cefter the lajl day of April, the fecond year of his reign, by the advice and ajfent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and at the fpecial injlance and requejl of the commons of his realm in the fame parliament ajffembled, hath ordained and ejlablijhed divers ordinances, declarations, andJlatutes made in the form as followeth.

NOftre feignur le Roy a fon parlement tenuz a Leyceftr' le darrein jour de A-prill lan de fon regne feconde de ladvys & aflent des feignurs efperituelx & temporelx & a les efpeciales inftance & re-queft des communes de fon roialme en mefme le parlement efteantz ad ordeigne & eftable diverfes ordinances declarations & eftatutz en la fourme qenfuyt.

CAP.I.

Ordinaries JhaU inquire of and reform the ‘eftates of hof-

pitals.

Tlie caufes of THIRST, forafmuch as many* theenrfhon X? kcfpitals within the realm, of hoipita s. Englan^ founded as well by the noble Kings of this realm, and lords and ladies both fpiritual and temporal, as by divers other e-Jlates, to the honour of God and ,	of his glorious mother, in aid and

v	merit of the fouls of the faid foun-

ders, to the which hojpitals the fame

EN primes pur taunt qe plufeurs hofpitalx dedenz le roialme dEngleterre foun-duz fibien par les nobles Rois de mefme le roialme & feignurs & dames efperituelx & temporelx come par autres de diverfes eftates al honeur de Dieu & de fa glorioufe meere en eide & merit des almes de

les

Digitized by Google

9

r4*4*]	Anno fecundo Henrici V.

les ditz foundours as queux fame founders have given a great hofpitalx mefmes les foundours part of their moveable goods for ont donez grandement dc lour the buildings of the fame, and a bicns moebles pur ledifications great part of their lands andteve-dicelles & grandement de lour ments, therewith to fuflain impo-terres & tenementz pur ent tent men and women, lazers, men fuftener viegles hommes & out of their wits, and poor women femmes lazars hommes & fem- with child, and to nourifb, relieve, mes hors de lour fennes & and refrejh other poor people in the memories povres femmes en- fame, be now for the mojl part feintez & autres povres & la decayed, and the goods and profits nurrir relever & refrefler en of the fame, by diversJerfens, as ycdles font ore pur la greindre wellJpiritual as temporal, with-partie enchiez & les biens & drawn and fpent in other ufe, profitz dicelles par diverfes per- whereby many men and women (ones efpirituelx & temporelx have died in great mfery for de»

Tetraitz & defpenduz en autru fault of aid, living, and fuccour, oeps parent plufeurs hommes to the difpleafure of God, and pete. femmez ont moruz en ril of the fouls of Juch manner of graund mefehief pur defaute fpenders: (2) the King our fo-de eide vivre & focour al dif- vereign lofd, confidering the pleifance de Dieu & perill des meritorious and devout intents almes detieux malveis defpen- of the founders aforefaid, and dours le Roy noftre feignur the unaccuftomed government trefloverain confiderant les me- in the fame, hath by the ad-ritories & devoutes ententes de vice and a (lent aforefaid, or-les foundours avauntditz&auxi dained and eftablifhed, that as les malveis & infolent gover- to the hofpitals which be of the nance en ycelles euz del advis patronage and foundation of & aflent fufdit ad ordeigne & the King, the ordinaries, by Ordinaries eftablie qe quant as hofpitalx virtue of the King’s commil- ^all inquire queux font del patronage & fions to them directed, fhall fundation le Roy les ordei\airs inquire of the manner and tjon> cftate', par vertue des commiflions le foundation of the faid hofpitals, and govern-Roy a eux adreftez enquergent and of the governance and e- ment of hof-del maner de la fundation des ftate of the fame, and of all o- Plta*** . ditz hofpitalx & de ia gover- ther matters neceflary and re-nance & eftat dicelles & de quifite in this behalf, and the • toutes autres matiers en cefte inquifitions thereof taken fhall partie neceflairs & bofoigna- certify in the King’s chancery, bles&lenquifitionsentpriscer- (3) And as to other hofpi-tifient en la chauncellarie le tals which be of another foun-Roy. Et quant as autres hof- dation and patronage than of pitalx qi font dautri fundation the King, the ordinaries fhall '

& patronage qe de Roy les or- inquire of the manner of the denairs enquergent del manere foundation, eftate, and gover-de la fundation eftat & gover- nance of the fame, and of all nance dicelles & de toutz au- other matters and things ne-tres maters & chofes bofoigna- ceflary in this behalf, and upon bles celle partie & fur ce facent that make thereof corrreCtion ent correction & reformation and reformation according to felonc	the

Digitized by

Google

Anno fecundtf	V.	f	1414*

the laws of holy church, aa to fekne leu lpk« de Cwntc eiglife them belongeth.	come	*	eu*	appertieat.

CAP. II.

A Corpus cum caufa, or Cettiorari to remove him who is in execution at another man's fuit%

ITEM, forafmuch as many men have been condemned in the courts of our lord the King, and in the courts of his progenia tors, as well within the city of London, as in other cities and boroughs within the realm of Eng-r land, and by the virtue of fuch condemnations have been committed So the prifon of our lord the King, there to remain until they have made agreement to the plaintiff to whom they were condemned 5 {2) after by their juggejlion made $n the chancery of our lord the King, they have had divers write called Certiorari, and Corpus cum caufa, out of the chancery if our faid lord the King, directed to the jberiff, or keepers of the prifons where fuch perfom condemned be holden, to have their bodies, with the caufe of impri-foument of the condemned afore-faid, m the clxincery, at the .days contained in the faid writs; (3) after which writs, together with the body, and the caufe of the condemnation, returned in the chancery afore faid, the faid perfons fo condemned have been delivered in the chancery aforefaid,

.<by bail or by mainprife, or enlarged without bail or mainprife, againji the ajfent and will of the faid plaintiffs, and without any agreement made to the faid plain-tiffs of the fums in the which they be condemned, againjl the lew of the land; and jo remain the faid plaintiffs without remedy, in hindrance of the fate offuebpiam-tiffs, and in defeating of the judgments given in the courts a-fore-

ITEftil pur eeo qe pleufeurf gentz out eftez condemn* nez en k* courtz noftre die feigrtur k Roy Sc en les courts de fez nobles progenitors fi-r bien deinz la Citee de Londres come en autres citees & burghs deinz le roialme dEngleterre & par vertue de tielx condemp* nations ont eftez commis a In prifene noftre feignur le Roy pur y demorer tanqe ils ont fait gnee as pleintifs vers queux ils furent condempnez & apres par lour fuggeftions faitz en Ip chauncellaric noftre feignur fe Roy ont euz diverfes briefs apr pcllez Certiorari corpus cunt caufa hors de la chauncellarie noftre feignur le Roy diredlz as vifcountz ou gardeins des pri-fooes ou tielx gentz condempnez font detenuz pur avoir lour corps ove la caufe denpri-fonment de ks condempnez fuifditz en la chancellarie as jours contenuz en les ditz briefs apres queux briefs en-fembkment ovefqe la corps & la caufe de condempnation re-toumez en la chauncellarie luddite les ditz gentz iflint condempnez ont eftez delivers en la chauncellarie avaunt-dit par baillie ou par mainprife ou a large fanz baillie ou tnain-prife encontre latfent & volun-te des ditz pleintifs Sc fanz af-cun gree faire as ditz pleintifs -de les fommes en queux ils font condempnez encontre la -kie de la terre & iflint demur-gent les ditz pleintifs fanz re-medie en anientifement de le-

ftat

Digitized by Google

SI

flat dc tielx pleintifs & en de-fefaunce dcs juggementz ren-duz en lcs courtz avauntditz noftre dit feignur It Roy voil-hnt ent faire remedie del advys & aflent avauntditz & a la re-quefte des commiines fuifdites ad ordeigne & eftablie qe fi af-cun tiel brief de Certiorari corpus cum caufa foit graUnte ou terra graunte en temps avenir & fur le dit brief foit retournc qe le prisoner qeft iflint detenu en prifone foit condempn'e par juggement qe maintenant foit remartde ou demupge conti-nuelment en prifone folonc la ley de la terre fanz eftre leflez aler par baillie ou par main-prife encontre la volunte des pleintifs fufditz tanqe lour foit fait gree de les fommes iflint adjuggez.

firefaid:	(4)	Our lord the

King, willing herein to provide remedy, by the advice If a Corpus and aflent aforefaid, and at the cum caulaor requ&t of the forefaid com-mons, hath ordained and efla- move him that blifhed, That if any fuch writ is in prifoa of Certiorari, or Corpus turn tau- uP°n an cxc* >> be granted, or fliall betherman'*”0* granted at any time hereafter, fuit, he (hall and upon the faid writ if it be be remanded* returned, that the prisoner which is fo holden in prifon is condemned by judgment given againft him, that prefently he mall be remanded, where he fliall remain continually in prifon according to the law and cuftom of the land, without being let to go by bail or by mainprife againft the will of the faid plaintiffs, until agreement be made to them of the fums fo adjudged.

CAP. III.

A copy of the libel in the fpiritual court jhall le delivered.

ITEM pur ceo qe diverfes lieges noftre feignur le Roy font citez de jour en autre dap-paroir en courte chriftiene devaunt juges efperituelx a y re-fpondre as diverfes perfones fi-bien des chofes qe touchent frank tenement dette trefpaflez covenantz & autres des queux la conifance appertient al courte noftre feignur le Roy come dfe tnatrimonie & teftament & qant tielx perfones iflint citeez appiergent & demandent un Kbcll de ceo qc lour eft furmys pur eftre enformez a doner lour refpcms illoeqes ou autremenit a purchacer brief noftre feignur le Roy de prohibition felonc lour cas quell libel 1 lour eft denie par les ditz juges efpi-rituelx al entent qe tielx perfones ne ferront mye par nul

ITEM, firafmuch tis divers of the Kings liege people be daily cited to appear in the fpi-iritual court before fpiritual judg- X1 C0.61. esy there to anfwer to divers per- 13 C0.41! fins, as well of things which touch freehold, debt, trefpaffes, covenants, and other things whereof the cognifance pertaineth to the court of our lord the King, as of matrimony and teftament \ (2) and when fuch perfons fo cited appear and demand a libel of that which againft them is furmifed,

' to be informed to give their anfwer thereunto, or otherwife to pttrchafe a writ of our lord the King, 0/* Prohibition, according to their cafe, which libel to them is denied by the faid fpiritual judges, to the intent that fuch jLutw.134, perfons should not be aided by any Cro. Jac fuch writ againft the law, and to

the 12°-



Digitized by Google

12

A copy of a libel grant-able m the fpiritual court (hall be prcfently delivered upon the defendant's appearance, Raft.483.

Anno fecundo HEjmci V.

II4,4*

the great damage of fuch perfons Jo impleaded : (3) Our faid lord the King, by the advice and af-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the requeft and inftance of the faid commons, hath ordained and eftablilhed. That at what time the libel is grantable by the law, that it may be granted and delivered to the party without any difficulty.

CAP.

tiel brief aidez encorttre ley & as graundes damages de tielx perfones ifiint empledez Nof-tre dit feignur le Roy del advis & aflent lufditz & a la prier des ditz communes ad ordeigne & eftablie qe a quelle heure la copie de la libell eft grauntable par la ley quil foit graunte & livere a la partie fanz difficulte.

12 R. 2. c.3. fee.

Juftices of the peace may lend their writs for fugitive fervants or labourers • to every (he-riff of Eng-4i»nd.

Rep^El.c.*..

What juftices of peace muft he at what times they muft

ITEM, forafmuch as the fer-vants and labourers of the /hires of the realm do flee from county to county, , becaufe they \would not be jujlified by the ordinances and flatutes by the law for them made, to the great damage of gentlemen and others, to whom they Jbould ferae, becaufe that the faid ordinances and flatutes for them ordained be not executed in every Jhire; (2) our lord the King, willing in this cafe to provide a remedy, by the advice and aflent aforefaid, and at the requeft of the faid commons, hath ordained and fta-blifhed. That the ftatute of labourers made at Canterbury, and all other good flatutes of labourers made, and not repealed, be firmly holden and kept, and put in due execution. (3) And moreover,That the juftices of peace hav£ power to fend their writs for fuch fugitive labourers, to every (he-riff of the realm of England, and to make fuch procefs as the ftatute requireth, to bring them before them to anfwer to our fovereign lord the King, and to the parties, of the contempts and trefpafles made or done againft the ordinances

and

IV.

refldent in the fame Jbire; and bold their quarter-fejfions.

ITEM pur tant qe les fer-vantz & laborers des coun-tees du roialme fenfuent des countees es countees a caufe qils ne voudrent eftre juftifiez. par les ordeignances par ley fur eux faitz a graunt damage des gentils he des autres as queux ils ferverent a caufe qe les ditz. ordeignances & eftatutz fur eux faitz ne font mye executz en. toutz countees noftre feignur le Roy voillant purvoir de re-medie ceft partie del aflent & advys avantdifz & a la requeft des ditz communes ad ordeigne & eftablie qe leftatut de labourers fait a Cantebrigg & toutes autres bones eftatutz des laborers faitz & nient repellez foi-ent fermement tenuz & gardez, & mys en due execution. Et outre ceo qe les juftices du pees eient poair de mander lour briefs pur tielx laborers fugitifs a chefcun vifeount dEngleterre & de faire autielx procefles come leftatut des laborers re-quiert pur eux amefner devaunt eux a refpondre a noftre feignur le Roy & a les parties des contemptz & trefpaflez faitz encontre les ordeignances & eftatutz fuifditz en maner come les ditz juftices ont poair

de

Digitized by v^ooQle

dc mander a chefcun vifcount pur larons devaunt eux endi-tez. Et auxi qe toutz les e-ftatutz & ordeignances des laborers fervantz & artificers devant ces heures faitz & nient repellez foient exemplifiez de-foutz le graunt feal & mandez a chefcun vifcount dEngleterre dent faire proclamation en pleine counte Sc puis celle proclamation faite qe chefcun vif-cont face deliverer la dite exemplification a luy direct as juftices de la pees en fon coun-tee nomez en la quorum ou a un de eux a demurer envers tielx juftices qi font ou ferront pur le mielx mettre les ditz e-ftatutz & ordeignances en due execution. Et es countees ou diverfes commiflions de la pees font faitz foient atantz des exemplifications des eftatutz & ordeignances avauntditz faitz come font commiflions de la pees en mefme le countee & mandez a vifcount a faire proclamation & les liverer come defliiis eft dit.

Et qe les juftices de la pees en chefcun countee nomez en la quorum refeantz deinz mefme le counte exceptz feignurs nomez en la commiflion de pees Sc auxi exceptz les juftices de lun banc Sc de lautre chief baron de lefcheqer fergeantz de la leie & attournes du Roy pur le temps qe mefmes les juftices chief baron fergeantz & attournez font entendantz & occupiez en les courtz du Roy ou ail lours occupiez en fervice le Roy facent lour feflions qua-tre foits par an ceftaflavoir en la primer femaigne apres le feft de Seint Michel & la primer femaigne apres le feft de Ti-phaine & en la primer fe-maigne apres le daufe de paflf

and ftatutes aforefaid, in like manner as the juftices have power to fend to every (heriff for the felons before them in-didled. (4) And alfo that all the ftatutes and ordinances of labourers, fervants, and artificers, before this time made, and not repealed, be exemplified under the great feal, and fent to every (heriff of the realm of England, thereof to make, proclamation in full county, and after this proclamation fo made, that every lheriff fhall caufe the faid exemplification to him directed, to be delivered to the juftices of the peace in his county named of the quorum, or to one of them, to remain with fuch juftices which be, or (hall be, for the better putting of the forefaid ftatutes and ordinances in due execution. (5) And in (hires where divers commif-fions of the peace be made, there (hall be fo many exemplifications of the ftatutes and ordinances aforefaid made, as be commiflions of the peace in the fame (hires, and fent to the,(heriff to make proclamation, and to del.ver the fame, as is afore faid.

II. And that the juftices of the peace in every (hire named of the quorum 1 berefiant within the fame (hire^ except lords v^hat jufti-named in the commiflion of ces of peace the peace; and alfo except ju- and quorum dices of the one bench, and muft be refi-of the other, the chief baron of fame^re, the exchequer, feijeants at what not. * the law, and the King’s attorney, for the time that the fame juftices, chief baron, ferjeants at the law, and the King’s attorney, be intending and occupied in the King’s courts, or otherwife in feme other place

oc-

Digitized by

Google

At what times juftices of the peace (hall hold their Quarter lefiions. 36Ed.^.c it* nR.i.c.io. Twice in the year fufficient in Middlefex by 14H.6.C.4.

Juftices of peace may examine labourers, fervants, and other mailers, and artificers, by their oaths.

occupied in the King’s fervice; (2) and make their feffions lour times by the year, that is to fay, in the first week after the feaft of Saint Michael, and in the first week after the Epiphany, and in the first week after the claufe of Eajlery and in the first week after the tranfla-tion of Saint Thomas the martyr, and more often, if need be. (3) And that the {am? juftices hold their feflions throughout the realm of England in the fame weeks every year from henceforth. (4) And alio that the juftices of peace from henceforth have power to examine as well all manner of labourers, fervants, and their mafters, as artificers, by their oaths, of all things by them done contrary to their laid ordinances and ftatutes, and upon that to punilh them upon their confelfion, after the effeeft

Auno fecundo Henrici V.

pafk & en la

[1414.

en la primer fe-maigne apres la tranflation de Seint Thomas le martir Sc pluis fovent fi meftier foit. Et qe mefroes les juftices tiegnent lour feffions parmy tout Eng-leterre en melmes les femaignes chefcun an defore en avaunt Sc auxi qe les juftices de la pees deformes eient poair dexami-rier fibien toutz maners laborers fervantz & lour meftres come artificers par lour fere-mentz de toutz maters Sc chores par eux faitz a contrarie des eftatutz Sc ordinances avaunt-ditz Sc liar ceo de les punir fur lour coniCance felonc leffedb de les4 eftatutz Sc ordeignances avauntditz ficome ils fuerent convi&z par enqueft. Et qe le vifeount de chefcun countee en Engleterre face bien & due-ment Ion office celles parties fur peyn de perdre au Roy xx livres.

of the ftatutes and ordinances

aforefaid, as though they were convidb by inqueft. (5) And that the IherifF in every Ihire of the realm of England lhall do well and duly his office in this behalf, upon pain to lofe and to forfeit to our lord the King twenty pounds.

CAP, V.

Procefs agtunft felons dwelling in Tyndal or Exhamfhire in Northumberland.

4 loft. 278.

/

ITEM, forcfmuch as by the commons of the county of Northumberland grievous complaints have been made to our fovereign lord the King in Ms prefent par-liamenty for that many murders. treafonsy manflaughterSy robberieSy and divers other ojfenceSy to many of the faithfil liege people of the fame county, by people dwelling in the fame county within the fran-xhije of Tyndal and Exham-fhire, where the King's writ runneth noty now of late have been perpetrated otberwife than have been done or known be foie

this

ITEM pur ceo qe depar les communes del countee de Northumhr* ont efte faitz tref-grevoufes compleints a noftre tres foveraigne feignur le Roy en ceft prefent parlement de ceo qe pleufeurs murdres trefoils homicides roberies & au-tres maifaitz a pleufeurs fez loialx lieges de melme le counte par gentz demurrantz en icell countee dedeins les franchifes de Tyndale & Exhamlhire ou le brief le Roy ne court mys ja tarde ont efte perpetrez au-treraent qe nont efte faitz ou conuz

Digitized by

Google

*4*4-1

Anno fccundo Hbnrici^V.

> conuz pardevant atant de peril de les ditz lieges du Roy qe fenz due remedie celle partie mettrc ils noferent a y demo-per longement enavant a caufe qetielxmalefefoursfont enli fa-vorez partielx franchifes. No-ftrc dit feignur le Roy del ad-vis ft affent arantditz ft al re-qtteft des ditz comntunes ad ordeignie & eftablie qe fi af-cune perfone des ditz franchifes de Tyndale ft Exhamfhire refceant ou demulrant deiiu ycelles de quell eftat ou condition il foit face murdres trefoils homicides ou robberies ou confent de les faire hols des ditz franchifes de Tyndale ft Exhamfhire proceffe foit fait devers hiv par la commune leie tsnqe il foit udage ft qe apres tide utktgarie pronouncie ft re-toume facent ent les juftices devaunt queux tiele udagarie foit retoume certification a deux miniftresou a tiel miniftre des ditz franchifes come a cux femblera meulz celle partie fo-lonc lour difcretion ft foit tiel feloun pris par del miniftre ou dehc miniftres ft fes terres ft tenetnentz biens & chafeux e-fteantz deinz icelles franchifes feifez es mains des feignurs de mefmes les franchifes de Tyndale ft Exhamfhire pur le temps efteantz come forfeits ft qc les autfes terres ft tene-mentz biens ft chateux de tkl felon efteantz hors de mefmes les franchifes demurgent en-tirement au Roy ft as autrcs feignurs aiantz ent franchifes come forfaitz favant toutzfoitz au Roy les forfeitures dautiels mupdrours traitours homici-dours robbours ft autres mal-fefours queconqes & dautrcs chofes queux a luy appertie-gnentcomede droit defe ooroae. z

this time, to fo many perik of ibo fad liege people of our lord the King, that without due remedy in this behalf provided, they dare no longer there dwell, be caufe that fuch offenders be fo favoured by fiuh franchifes;	(2)	our	faid

lord the King, by the advice and aftent aforefaid, an<) at the requeft of the faid commons, hath ordained and eftablifhed. That if any perfon of the faid franchifes of Tyndal and £*-hanfbire^ reliant or dwelling in the feme, of what eftate or condition that he be, do any tnurders, treafons, manflaugh-ters, or robberies, or conlent to do them, out of the faid franchifes of Tyndal and Ex-hantfbirt', procefs (hall be made againft him by the common law, until he be outlawed; (3) and that after fuch outlawry > pronounced and returned, the juftices before whom fuch outlawry is returned, (hall make thereof certificate to fuch minifter or minifters of the laid franchifes, as to them (hall feem beft in this behalf, according to their difcretion 5

(4)	and fuch felon (hall be taken by fuch minifter or minifters, and his lands and tenements, goods and chattels, being within the feme fran-chife, feifed into the hands of the lords of the fame franchifes of Tyndal and Exhamfhire for the time being, as forfeit; (5) and that the other lands and tenements, goods and chattels of fuch felon, being out of the femefranchifes, (hall wholly remain to the King, and to o-ther lords having thereof fran-chife, as forfeit5 (6) faving always to the King the forfeitures of fuch murderers, traitors, manflayers, robbers, and other

*5

Thepenalty of offenders dwelling in Tyndal, &c. who (hall commit any robbery, &c, out of the fame precincts.

Digitized by

Google

Annafecundo Henrici V.	\i4*4*

other offenders, and of other things which to him do belong as of the right of his crown.

CAP. VI.

Breaking of truce and fafe conduit Jhall he: high treafon; In every port there Jhall be a confervator of the peace and fafe conduit.

I'T'EM^fornfmueh as before this TTEM pur ceo qe devaunt

time divers people, comprifed X ces heures diverfes gentz

andkfafc con-S Wlt^ln the truces made as well by comprifez deinz les trieues fi-

dufts, and o- our the King that now is, as bien faitz par noftre feignur le

thers have re- by his noble father, and alfo divers Roy qore eft come par foil

ceived and other people having fafe conduits, treinoble pier et 2uxi autres

Sem	as we^ f our ^	d*vcrfcs gentz adantz faufcon-

aj H.6.c. a. now as °f his noble father, have duitz fibien de noftre dit fei-

been feme fain, robbed andfpoiled, gnur le Roy qore eft come de

by the King's liege people and fub- Ion dit trefnoble pier ount efte*

jeits, as well upon the main fea^ afcuns tueez afcuns robbes Sc

as within the ports and coajls of defpoillez par les lieges Sc fub-

the fea of England, Ireland, and	gitz de Roy fibien iur le hau*

of Wales, whereby the faid truces	mej come deinz les portz Sc

and fafe conduits have been broken	coftes demeer dEngleterre dlr-

and offended, to the great dijho-	land & de Gales parount les

nour and fonder of the King, and	ditz trieues ' & faufconduitz.

againft his dignity, (2) and the	ount efte rumpez Sc offenduz

faid manjlayers, robbers, fpotters,	a graunde diftionure & def-

and offenders of the faid truces	claundre de Roy & encountre

and the King's fafe conduits, as	fa dignite. Et les ditz tuersdes

is afore declared, have been by di~	hommes robbours fpoilleurs &

vers of the King's liege people and	offendours de les ditz trieues

fubjeits within the coafs of divers	Sc faufconduitz du Roy come

counties, received, abetted, pro-	deffuis efte declaree ount efte

cured, concealed, hired, fuflained,	par diverfes lieges & fubgitz de

Breaking	of	and maintained: (3) our faid lord	Roy deinz les coftes de diverfes

truce and	fafe the King, by the advice and	countees recettez abettez pro-

condulh fl“ll	aflent aforefaid, and at the re-	curez counfeillez loueez fufte-

J^hightrea- queft of ^ ftid

commons, nez & maintenuz. Noftre dit Rep. ao H. 6.	Hath ordained and declared,	Ijeignur le Roy del advis Sc af-

c. 11.	That fuch manflaughter, rob-	fent fuifditz Sc al priere des

1 Ed-6. c.i*.	bery,fpoiling, breaking of truce	dites communes ad ordeine &

1 M.fcflT.i.	and fafe condutfs, and volun-	declaree qe tielx tuerie robbe-

tary receipt, abetment, pro-	ne efpoillerie rumperie des tri-

curement, concealing, hiring,	eues & faufconduitz de Roy &

fuftaining, and maintaining of	voluntaries receit abettement

fuch perfons, to be done in time	procurement counfeill louere

to come by any of the King’s	fuftenance Sc maintenance de

liege people and fubjedls with-	tielx perfones affaires en temps

in the realm of England, Ire-	avenir par afcuns des lieges &

land, and IVales, or upon the	fubgitz de Roy deinz les roi-

main fea, (hall be adjudged	aJmes dEngleterre dlrland &

and	Gales

4.111(1.153. Some have

Digitized by Google

U< 4-3

Anno fecundo Henrici V.1

«7

Gales ou fur le haut meer foi-ent adjuggez & determines

Eur haut trefon fait encountre i corone Sc dignite de .Roy. Et qe eri chefcun port de npeere Joit faite &, affigne defore en-avaunt par le Roy par fez let-tres patents un loial homme appelle confervatour des trieues & faufconduitz de Roy qi eit xl. liverees du terre par an a meyns. Et qe le dit conferva-tour eit poair & audiorite par les dirz lettres patentz Sc auxi par commifTion del admifal dEngleterre denquerer de toutz tielx trefons & offenfes affaires encountre les trieues & faufconduitz de Roy fur le haut meere hors des corps des coun-tees Sc hors del fraunchife des cink ports de Roy come les ad-iniralles des Roys dEngleterre devant ces heures refonable-ment folonc launcien cuftufne Sc leye fur le meere ufez ount faitz ou ufez. Et enfement qe le dit confervatour eit autiele & mefme le poair de punir toutz ceux qi fount ou ferrount enditez ou accufez devaunt luy fibien a fuyte de Roy cpme a fiiyt de partie dafcune chofe affaire encountre les trieues & faufconduitz de Roy fur le haut meere hors des corps des countees Sc liberties de roialme dEngleterre & hors de le dit fraunchife de cynk portz par tieles proces examination proves determination juggement & execution come les admiralles des Roys dEngleterre devaht ces heures refonablement folonc launcien cuftume Sc ley fur la meer ufez ount faitz ou ufez.

Forfqe qe la determination de more de homme cell partie Sc lexecution dicell foient tut-ditz refervez a dit admirall ou Yol. III.	a

and determined for high trea-fon done againfl the King’s crown and his dignity. (4)

And in every port of the fea a confervator (hall be made and afligned of the truce from henceforth by the King, lhall be ap-

by hi$ letters patents, one law-fill man called a confervator of t^ *cs£° the truce and the King’s fafe Condu&s, which (hall have forty pounds lands by the year at the leaft. (5) And that the The authority confervator have power and °*.thc authority by the faid letters °	*

patents, and alfo bv commifTion of the admiral ot England, to inquire of all fuch treafons and offences to be done againfl the truce and fafe conducts upori the main fea, out of the body of the counties, and out of th?; franchifes of the five ports of the King, s(s the admirals of the Kings of England before this time reafonawy, after the old cuftom and law on thd main fea ufed, have done of ufed. (6) And alfo that the faid confervator have like and the fame power to punifh all them *hich be or fhall be indidled or acCufed before him, as well at the King’s fuit as at the party’s, of any thing to be done againfl the truce and the King’s fafe conducts upon the main fea, out of the body of the counties and liberties of the realm of England, and out of the franchife of the five ports, by fuch procefs, examination* proofs, determination, judgment, and execution, as admirals of the Kings of England before this time reafonably, according to the old cufloiA and law upon the main fea ufed, have done or ufed.

II. Saving the determination The deterrm* of the death of a man in this nation of the behalf, and the execution of death of a man C	thccxeeptedoui

Digitized by

Google

#8

of the confer-vator's authority.

froctfs to V c awarded a-gainft thofe that be indited.

Tht additions of the parties indi&ed tfiall be inlerted.

Two men U&ined invtbe Ivw lb ill be ailodateinthe conlervator's com million.

• Ann6 fecundo HfeNftiCi V.	[14*4*

the fame, (hall be always reserved to the faid admiral, or to his general lieutenant out of the faid franchifes of the five ports. (2) And that the faid confervator have full power and authority to inquire, as well within liberties and fran-chifes as without, by men inhabiting within the body of the county and liberty where the faid port is, of all luch treafons and offences to be done againft the truces, and againft the King’s fafe conducts, within the body of the county and liberty where the faid port is, {3) and to make againft thofe perfons before him fo indited, fuch procefs as here followeth, that is to fay, by £apias and Exigent, which (hall as well go into the counties of which fuch men fo indiCled be fuppofed to be, as into the counties where fuCh indictments be taken; (a) which Capias and Exigent aforefaid in both counties (nail be returned at one day, and that the first Capias in both counties have day of return by a month at the lead: (5) ana in cafe that the Capias and Exigent be awarded in this behalf, that the names and furnames of fuch perfons fo indiCled, and the town and the county* and myftery whereof they be, (hall be fpecified and declared in the indictments and procefles of the fame. (6) And that the faid confervator have full power to hear, at every man’s fuit which will complain before himfelf, or his lieutenant, of any offence done to the party againft the faid truces and fafe conducts. (7) And that two men learned in the law be named and aflo-ciate in every commiffion of our lord the f£ing to be made 6	to

a fon lieutenant general hor£ de la dit franchife des ditz cink portz. Et qe lc dit conferva-toar-eit plein poair & auClorite , denquerer fibien deinz libertees & franchifes come dehors par gentz enhabitantz deinz le corps de countee & libertee ou le dit port eft de toutz tielx trefons & offenfes affaires encountre les trieues & faufconduitz de Roy deinz les corps de countee oc liberte ou le dit port eft & cfe fair envers tieux a enditerz de-' vaunt luy proces en la fourme enfuant ceftaflavoir par Capias & Exigendes qi ifferont fibien en mefmes les countees des quelles eft fuppofe tieux endi-tez eftre come en les countees lou tieux enditementz font pri-fez les queux Capias & Exigendes en ambideux countees foient retumables a un mefme jour & qe le primer Capias en ambideux countees eit jour de retoume par un moys a meyns & en cas qe Capias & Exigendes foient cede partie agardes qe les nouns & fumouns de tieux a enditurs & la ville tg de counte & la miftiere dont ils font foient efpecifiez en lendi-tementz & en les procefles di-celles. Et qe le dit confervatour eit plein poair doier a fuyte de queconqe qi foi voudra plein-dre devaunt luy dafcune offenfe a la partie fait encountre leg ditz trieues & faufconduitz. Et qe deux hommes apprifez de ley foient nomez & affociez en chefcune commiffion de Roy affaire a tiel confervatour. Et e le dit confervatour & les itz hommes apprifez de ley en la dite commiffion a luv affociez eient plein poair oc auClorite de fair due deliverance folonc la ley de la terre de tielx enditez devant le dit conferva-

tour

Digitized by v^ooQle

.14*4*]	Anho	fecundo	Henrici V;	19

tour des chofes affairez deinz to fuch confervator; And that Thfc authority 1c corps de countee ou libertCe the faid Confervator, and the of the confer-bu ie dit port eft eficountre les faid men learned in the law, va*or and the ditz trieues & faufconduitz de in the commiffion to hi in aflo- twd aflocutc,i Roy & determiner tieux fuytes date and aftlgned, (hall have ' comrrtencez a fayt de qiconqe full power and authority* to partie qi foy voudra pleindre make deliverance, according to devaunt ledit confervatourdaf- the law and ufage of the land* tune offenfe a luy fait encoun- of fuch men fo indicted before tre les difz trieues & faufeon- the faid confervator, of things duitz & ent due redrefle & re- to be done within the body of tnediefaire; Et qe les ditz deux the county or liberty where hommes iflint a le dit confer- the faid port, is, againft the vatour aflociez foient affiftentz faid truce and the King’s fafe & entendantz a dit jconferva- conducts, and to determine tour pur firire les deliverances fuch fuits commenced at any & determination en manere & man’s fuit which will complain, fourmeavauntditz qant ils fount before, the faid confervator, pf par le dit confervatour refona- any offence done to him aeainft blement requis: Et qe ledit the faid truce and fafe conducts* confervatour & les ditz deux and thereof to make due redrelst hommes de ley foient jurrez and remedy. (8) And that the qils ne nuN de eux prendra ou laid two men to the faid con-prendront de nully finoun de fervator fo aftociate, be aflifting Roy fee doun louere gage re- and attending to the'faid con-* garde ne brocage en afcun ma- fervator to make the deliver-nere celle partie en deftourb- ances and determination in the ance de due inquifition & pu- manner and form aforefaid^ niflement de tielx traitours & when they be by the faid cori-offendours avauntditz; Et qe fervator . reafonably . required. -	,

le dit confervatour ferra refeant (9) And that the. faid confer- The oaJh en le port & lieu ou il ferra vator, arid the faid two men of andaSo-affigne confervatour come a- law,* be fwom, that they, nor ciate*. vaunt eft dit. Et prendra chef- none of them, (hall take fee, cun confervatour pur le dit gift, hire, wages, reward, or office chefcun an xl. li. deRoy brokage, of any other than of a meyns. Et qils foient jurrefz the King iri any wife in this qe fi afeune perfone de quele behalf, in hinderance of due condition ou eftat qil foil eux execution and punifhment of bu afeune de eux procure ex- fuch traitors and offenders a-cite ou abette de faire afcun forefaid. (10) And that the chofe a contrarie dicefte ordi- feid confervator (hall be reliant nance & le ferement avauntdit in the port and places where qe chefcun de eux ferra due he fhall be confervator afligned relation a noftre feignur le Roy as aforefaid ; (11) And every ou a la chanceller dEngleterte - confervator (hall take yearly for pur le temps efteant fi hafti- the faid office forty pounds of ment come bonement purra the King at the leaft 5 (12) and faunz conceHement en afcun that they be fwom, that if any • point fur peine* demprifone- perfon, of what eftate or con-ment & faire fyn & ranceon a dition foeVer he be, procure,

vo- C 2	excitei

(hip.

excite, or abet them, or any of them, to do any thing contrary to this ordinance and oath a-forefaid, that every of them (hall make due relation to our fove-, reign lord die King, or to the chancellor of England for the time being, as Jpeedily as he Well may, without concealment in any point, upon pain of im-prifonment, and to make fine and raiifom at the King’s plea-the conferva-fare. (13) And that the faid tor (hall have confcrvator Have a feat of our a feal.	lord the King ordained for the

The office of faid office^ (14) And that the th%nJ?ft’Crrnd	of tlte fhip, barge, or

poffeffor of a ba]ingcr> or mhcr veflel in the

faid port, be fwom* and the

Kfleflor alfb, if he be prefent, fore the faid confervator, before that he pafs out of the faid port, that he (hall not attempt to do any thing againft the faid ,truce ana the King’s fafe con-What (hall ffe du&s, (15) And alfo that the inrolledby the fay comervator (hall caufe to c° civator. ^ jnrojje<f of record before him, as weA the names of fach owners and matters, as the names of their (hip, barge, ba-linger, or other veflel, together with the number of the mari-The conferva- ners in the fame being. (16) tor (hall be in- And if they take any thing of

fhi^tAen thl King's enemies, or of any others, they mall caufe to be brought fuen things taken into the port, and thereof make fall information to the faid confervator, before that they thereof make difeharge or fale; if it be not that by force of wind, temped, or of enemies, or fome other reafonable caufe, fach (hip, barge, balinger, or other veflel, mutt enter into another port for the prefervation of the fame veflel, or other caufe reafonable ; and that then they (ball make full information to

tjie

things taken from the King's enemies by the mariners.

voluntee noftre feignur 1c Roy; Et qe le dit confervatour eit un feal de Roy ordeigne pur le dit office. Et qe le maittre de nief barge balcngcr ou autre veflell en le dit port foit jurre & le pofleflbur auxi fil foit prefent devaunt le dit confervatour avaunt qil pafle hors de dit port qil natteinptera riens encontre les ditz trieues & faufeonduitz de Roy. Et qe le dit confervatour face enroller de record devaunt luy fibien les nouns de tielx pofleflours & maiftres come les nouns de lour nief barge balengerc ou autre veflell enfemble ovefqe le nombre des mariners en icell efteantz. Et fils preignent riens des enemys de Roy ou dautres qiconqes qils tiele prife ferrount amefner en le dit port & ent ferrount pleine enformation a dit confervatour devaunt qils ent fa-cent defeharge ou vende fi ne foit qe par force de vent de tempeft ou des enemys ou autre caufe rcfonable tiel nief barge balengere ou autre veflell doit entrer en autre port pur falvation de mefme le veflell ou autre caufe refonable. Et qils adonqes facent plein enforma-tion a dit confervatour ou a le confervatour de le port en quell les ditz veflelx arriveront ou entreront de la dite prife & de la quantite dicelle pregnant lettre teftimoniale foutz le dit feal de le dit confervatour par quele le Confervatour de le port dount les veffeux ou veflell ifleront ou iflit purra avoir notice de ia quantite & value des biens iflint prifez. Et fi afeun pofleflbur ou meftre dafeun nief ou autre veflell ifle hors dafeun port du roialmc ou face def-charger fon nief ou veflell en-countre la fourme dicefte ordinance

Digitized by v^ooQle

1414 ]	Anno	feoindo	Henrici	V.	$j

nance qe tiel ntcf ou veffdl cn- the faid confervator, or to the kmbte ovdqe la prife par yceli confervator of the port in which doement fait ibit forfaite a Roy . the faid veflels arrive or enter,

& k corps du pofiefibur ou mai- of the prize, and of die quan-ftre de riel nief ou veflell com- tity of the thing, receiving a ®ys a prifone a y demorer letter teftimonial under the laid aanqe il eit fait fyn cl raunceon feal of the aforefaid confervator ? a Roy.	by the which the confervator

Purveu qe nulles pofleffours of the faid port, whereof the des niefs iflantz hors dafcun veflel or veflels (hall go out^ port ne face fyn ou ranceon may have notice of the quan-nekrn emprifonement du corps tity, and alfb of the vajue of £ olefines les pofleflours ne the goods and chatties fp taken, foient en meftnes les niefs en (17J And if any pofleflor or temps de mefprifion encontre mailer of any ihip or other cefte ordenance faite. Et ait le veflel, go out of any port of admirall avantdit les forfaitures the realm of England, or difen toutz cafes hors de la dite charge his (hip or veflel againft franchife de cynk ports avant- the form of this ordinance, that ditz come il ad eu & ad efte fuch ihip or veflel, together accuftume de droit al office del with the prize taken in the Admirall dEngleterre avant la fame duly made, fhaU be for* fefance de cefte ordeignance. feit to the King, (18) and the Et qe toutz tieux confervatours body of the pofleflor or mailer affaircz dedeinz les ditz cynk of fuch (hip or veflel committed ports eient mefine lau&orite to prifon, there to remain until & poair par lettres patentz du he hath made a fine and ran-Roy & comsniifion del gardein fom to the King, de mefmes le$ ports pur le III. Provided always; That temps efteant dpnquerer de no pofleflor* of fhips going out tielx offenfes affaire^ fur le of any port (hall make any fine haute meer dedeinz Jes fraun- nor ranfom, or have imprifon-chifes des ditz cynk ports de- ment of body, if the fame pof-hors les corps des countees & ifeflbrs be not in the fame (hips fie punir toptz ceux qi ferront at the time of the offence com-dcvant yceli confervatour de mitted againft this ordinance, nefmes les offenfes enditez ou (z) And the faid admiral (hall What forfeit accufez par autiels proces exa- have the forfeitures in all cafes tures th« ad-ruination proves determination out of the fame franchife ofj11^^1^ juggement & execution come five ports aforefaid, as he hath navc* les ditz admiralx refonablement bad, and hath been accuftomed fhlonc launcien cuftpme & ley of right to the office of the ad-fur le meer ufez ont faitz & mind of England, before the ufez hors de la dite franchife making of this ordinance. (3) The authority de cynk ports forfqe qe la de- And that all fuch confervators thc termmationdemortde homme to be made within the faid five^e°fiveport” cellc partie & lexecurion dicell ports have the fame authority foient dedeinz mefme la fran- and power by the King’s let-chile de les cynk ports refer- ters patents, and commiflion of vez a dit gardein ou a fon lieu- the warden pf the fame ports tenant general illoeqes. Et qe for the time being, to inquire mefine C 3	*	of

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno fecundo Henrici V.	[1414.7

of fuch offenoes to be done mefine le gardein eit toutz les

upon the mainTea within the franchifes of the five ports out of the body of the counties, and to punilh all them which (hall be before the faid confer-yator of the fame offences indicted or accufed, by like pro-cefs, examination, proofs, determination, Judgment, and execution, as the faid admirals reafonably, according to the old cudom and law upon the fea ufed, have done and ufed out of the faid franchife of the

forfaitures illoeqes en toutz cas. come il ad eu & ad eftee ac-cudumee de droit al office dt| gardein des cynk ports fuiiditz ayant cedes heures. Et qe les dites confervatours & chefcun de eux eient & ait poair de faire pleine execution dicefte ordinance en la fourme avant-dite. Et qe cede ordeignanc© tiegne lieu & force pur chofe affaire ou attempter encontre mefme lordinance apres ia proclamation dicede ordinance & declaration faite.

The wardeq

of the five ’ ports lhall nave all the forfeitures * therp. 1

14H. 6.c. 8.

29 H.6.C.2.

five ports; (4) faving that the determination of the death of a inan in this behalf, and the execution of the lame, (hall be within the fame franchife of the five ports referved to the (aid warden, or to his general lieutenant there; (5) and that the fame warden (hall have all the forfeitures there, in all. fuch cafes as he hath had, and have been accudomed of right to the office of the warden of the five ports aforefaid before this time; and that the faid confervators, and every of them, have power to make full execution of this ordinance in the form aforefaid. And this ordinance (hall hold place and force, for any thing to be done or attempted againd this fame ordinance, after the proclamation of this ordinance and declaration made,

CAP. VII,

%be intent of the bereticks called Lollards. Magistrates/hall affift the ordinaries in extirpating herefies and punching bereticks. Penalty on bereticks cqnvihl.

Ex edit. Raft. TTEM, for as much as great rumours, congregations and inferred*-Herefy.*	A bm, here in the realm ^England by divers of the King's liegepeo-

Lollardry.	pU,' as well by them which were of she feft of herefy commonly called

3 Inft	bjollardry, as by other of their confederacy, excitation, and abetment,

1	’f1*	now of late were made, to the intent to adnull, dejlroy, and fubvert the

chriftian faiths and the law of God and holy church within this fame realm of England, and alfo to de/froy the fame our fivereign lord the King and all other manner of efiates of the fame realm of England, as 9 well fpiritiial as temporal, and alfo all manner of policy, and finally the laws of the land: the fame our/overeign lord the King, to the honour of God, and in confervatton andfortification of the chriftian faith, and alfo in falvation, of his royal efiate, and of the eft ate of all his realm, witling again ft the malice of fuch bereticks and Lollards to provide a more open remedy and ptinijhment than hath been had and ufed in the cafe heretofore, Jb that for fear of the fatne laws and punijhment, fiuh herenes and 'lollardries may tfa rather ceafe in time to come, by the advice ana ajfent aforefaid, and at the prayer of the faid commons, hath ordained and edablilhed: That fird the chancellor, treafurer,

juftices.

Digitized by v^ooQle

*4<4‘]	Anno	fecnndo	Henrici	V.	33

jstfficcs of the one bench and of the other, juftices of peace, fhe-riffs, mayors, and bailiffs of cities and towns, and all other officers, having governance of people, which now be or hereafter for the time (hall be,(hall make an oath in taking of their charges and occupations, to put their whole power and diligence, to put out and do to be put out, ceafe, and deftroy all manner of herefies and errors, commonly calledLollardries, within the places where they exercife their offices and occupations from time to time, with all their power, and that they affift the ordinaries and their commifiaries, and them favour and maintain as often as they or any of them to that (hall be required by the fame ordinaries or their commifiaries, fo that when the faid officers and minifters travel or ride to arreft any Lollard, or to make afftftance at the mftance and requeft of tne ordinaries or their commifiaries by . virtue of this ftatute, That the fame ordinaries and commifiaries (hall pay for their coll reafonably. And that the King’s fervices, to the which the lame officers be first fwom, be preferred before all other (latutes for the liberty of holy church and the minifters of the fame, and in efpecial.for the correction and punifhmentof the hereticks and Lollards before this time mads and not repealed being in their force. And alfo that all perfons convidl of herefy, of what eftate, condition, or degree that they be, by the faid or-? dinaries or other commidaries left to the fecular power according to the laws of holy church, (hall lofe and forfeit all their lands and tenements, which they have in fee fimple in the manner as followeth; that is to fay. That the King have all the lands and tenements, which the faid coftvi&s have in fee fimple? and holden of him immediately as forfeit, and that the other lords, of whom the lands and tenements of fuch convilts be holden imr mediately after that the King is fo feifed and anfwered of the year the day and the wgfte, have livery out of the King’s hands of the lands and tenements aforefaid of them fo holden, as k hath been ufed in the cafe of attainder of felony, except the lands and tenements which be holden of the ordinaries or their commiffarieSy before whom any fuch perfons impeached of herefy be convitJ, which lands and tenements intirclyjhall remain to the King as forfeit. And moreover that all the goods and chattels of thefe perfons fo convicted, be forfeit to our fovereign lord the King, fo that no period convidt of herefy, and left to the fecular power after the laws of holy church, (hall forfeit his lands before that he be dead. And if any fuch perfon fo conviCl, be infeoffed be it by fine, by deed, or without deed, in lands or tenements, rents or fervices in fee or otherwife, or hath any other pofleffions or chattels by gift or grant of any perfon or perlpns to another’s ufe, than to tne ufe of fuch conviCts, That the fame lands nor tenements, rents nor fervices, nor fuch other pofiefiions, nor chattels (hall be forfeit to our fovereign lord the King in no wife. And moreover that the juftices of the king’s bench, and juftices of Juftices of peace, and juftices of affife, have full power to enquire of all Peacc them which hold any errors or herefies,as Lollards, and which be their maintainers, receivers, favorers and fuftainers, common /	C 4	writers

Digitized by

24	Anno	feundo	Hjenrici	V.	[1414-

writers of fuch books, as well of the fermons as of their fchools, conventicles, congregations, and confederacies. And that this claufe be put in commiflions of the juftices of the peace. And if any perfons be indited of any points aforefaid, the laid juftices Sheriff. (hall have power to award againft them a Capias* and the IherifF (hall be bound to arreft the perfon or perfons fo indited as foon as he may than find by him or by his officers. Andfor as much Conifanc? pf as the conifana of berefy, errors, and klkrdries behngetb to the judge* b?idy, of holy church, and not to fecular judges: fuch perfons indited (lull pe delivered to the ordinaries of the places or to their commifla* tries, by indentures betwixt them to be made, within x. days a£* ter their arreft, orfooner if it may be thereof to be acquit or con* Via by the laws of holy church, in cafe that thefe perfons be not indited of ^ny other thing, whereof the conifance bclongeth to die fecular judges apd officers, in which cafe, after that that they be acquit or delivered before the fecular judges of fuch things, to the fecular judges belonging, they (hall be fent in fafeguard to the faid ordinaries, or to their commiflaries, and to them deli* Veredby indentures, as before to be acquit or ponvia of fuch lollardnes, errors, or herefies, fs is aforefaid, after the laws of holy church, and that within the term aforefaid. Provided al*~ ways That the faid indift meats be not taken in evidence, but for inf or* bnation before the Jpiritual judges againfi [mb perfons fo indtfted, beet that the ordinaries commence their procefs againft futh perfons indifted in the fame manner us though no indiftment were, having no regard to fuch indiftments.' And if any be indited of herefy, error, or lol-lardry, and taken by the (heriff or other officer, ne (hall be let to mainprife within the faid x. days by good furety, for whom th$ faid (neriffs or other officers will anfwer, fo that the (aid perfon or perfons,' whicty'were fo indiSed, be ready to be delivered to the faid ordinaries or 4o their commiflaries before the end of the faid ten days. If h$ may by any means for ficknefs. And every ordinary (hall have fufficient commiflaries or commiflary dwel-5ng in every county in a place tiotable, fo that if any fuch perfon fo indilted be taken, that the faid commiflaries or commiflary may be warned in the notable placev Where he dwelled), by the jheriff or fome of his officers/to come to the King’s gaol in the fame county,there to receive the fame perfon* fo indi&ed by indent tures as before. And that in the inqueft in this cafe to be taken, the (heriffs and other officers, to whom it belongpth (hall do to be impaneled good and fufficient perfons, not fufpe&cd nor procured, that is to fay. That every of them which (h*ll befo impaneled in fuch inqueft, have Within the realm of England ap hundred (hillings of lands, tenements, or of rent by ydar, upon pain to lofe to the King’s ufe ten pound, and they which (hall be impaneled in fuch inquefts in Wales, every of diem (hall nave to the value of xl.s. by year. And if any fuch perfon bearrefted, be it by the ordinary or by the King’s officers or minifters, and efcape or break the prifon before that he be acquit before the ordinary, the goods, and chattels, which he had die day of foch arv reft, (hall be forfeit to tlie King and bis lands and tenements,

which

Digitized by (^.ooQle

*5

which he had the fame day, feifed alfo into the King’s hands, die King fhall have the jprohts thereof from the faid day until he be yielded to the prifonfrom which he efcaped. And that the fbrefaid juftices have full power to enquire of all fuch efcapes, breaking of prifon, and alfo of lands and tenements, goods, and chattels of fuch perfons fo indited. Provided alfo, That if any 5R* *• flat. a. jmcb parfon indicted do not return to the faid prifon, and dieth not con-v'i&, it /ball be lawful to his heirs to enter into the lands and tenements \s of their anceftor, vritbout any other purfidt making to the King for this Repealed by taufe, and that all they which have liberties and firanchifes royal * Ed- 6. c.i*. in England, as in the county of Chefter, the county and liberty of1 c,x* Durham* and other like, and alfo all the lords which have jurif-d&ion and franchises royal in Wales, where the King’s writs do not ran, have power to execute and put in due execution thefe articles in all points by them or by their officers, in like manner as the juftfees and other the King’s officers before declared fhoulddlot

CAP. VIII.

Cmmifttons fhall be awarded to enquire of a riot, and of the

1	*	juftices	default	therein.

ITEM come contenu foit en leftatut fait kn trefzifme del trefnoble Roy Henry piere a noftre feignur le Roi qore eft entre autres qe ft afeunriote aftemhke ou route des gentz encontre la leye fe feroit in af-cune partie de roialme adonqes les juftices du pees trois ou deux de eux au tneyns & le vif-cont ou (butz-vifeont de coun-te ou tide note aflemble ou route fe ferroit enapres vien-drent ove le poair du dit counte ft bofoigne ferroit pur eux aref-ter & eux areftrent & euffent mefmes les juftices vifeount ou fouth-vifeount poair de recorder ceo qils troverent enfi fait en lour prefence encountre la kie ct qe par le record de mef-mes les juftices vifeount ou ibuthvifeount ferroient tielx trelpa (Tours ou malfefours con-vidfx en manere & fourm? come eft contenu en leftatut de foicibles entrees. Et fil avien-droit qe tielx trefpaflours & malfefours fuifleat departiez devaunt le venue des dita juftices

ITEM, whereas it is contained a rehcarfal of

in the Jlatute made the thir- the ftatute of

teenth year of the noble King Hen- >3 H. 4- c-7-

ry, father to our lord the King P^ded c .	/,	»	6	againft thole

that now ts, amongft other things, that commit *

That if any riot, afTembly, or rout any riot, rout, of people againft the law be made or unlawful tn any part of the realm, then the affcrab,y-juftices of the peace, three or two of them at the kajl^wd the Jheriffor under-Jheriff of the county where fuch riot,affembly, or rout/ball be made hereafter, fhould come with the power of the faid county, if need were, to arrejl them, and them Jbouldarrejl-, (2) and the fame Juftices, Jheriff, or under-Jheriff, Jbould have power to record that which they found fo done in9 their prefence againft the law and that by record of toe fame juftices,

Jheriff, or under-Jheriff, fuch tref-pajfers or offenders Jbould be con-vift in manner and form as is contained in the Jlatute of forcible entries. (3) And if it happen that fuch trefpaffers or offenders were departed before the coming of the juftices, Jheriff, or under-Jheriff, that the fame juftices, three or two

of

Digitized by

; Google

Anno fecundo Hbhrici V.

of them Jbould diligently inquire within a month after fuch riot, af-fembfy, or rout of people fe made* and the fame hear and determine according to the law of the land ; (4) and if the truth could not be found in manner as afore is faid, within a month then next enfuing, the faid juftices, three or two of them, and the Jheriffor under-Jhe-riff, Jbould certify before the King and his council all the deed and fircumftance of the fame-, which certificate Jball be of like force as the prefentment of twelve men, upon which certificate the faid tref-pajjers and offenders Jball be put to anfiuer, (5) and they which be found guilty, Jbouldbe punijbedaccording to the difcretion of the King and his council.	(6) And

moreover, that the juftices of peace dwelling nearefi in every county where fuch rout, qffembly, and riot of people Jboula be made hereafter, together with the Jheriff or under-Jberiff of the fame counties, and alfo the juftices of affifes for the time that they Jball be in their feffions, in cafe that any fuch riot, affembly, or rout be made in their prefence, Jhall male execution of thisftatute, everyone of them upon pain of an C. li. to be paid to the King, as often as they Jhall be found in default of execution of the fameJlatute. (7) Andforafmuch as many riots, routs, ana aJJemblies have been made in divers parts of the realm, fince the making and proclamation of the fame ftatute, becaufe that the fame Jlatute hath not been put in due execution, as our fivereign lord the King hath perceived by divers and grievous complaints to him made in this pre-fent parliament; (8) the fame our lord the King, willing hereof to provide a better retaedy, by the advice and aflent afore-fcid, and at the fuit of the faid commons,

[1414.

& vifcont ou fouthvifcont qe mefmes les juftices trois ou de-uxde eux enquergerent diligeal-ment deins un moys apres tiel riote aflemble ou route des gentz enfi faitz he eat oierent he terminerent folonc la leye de la terre et fi la verite ne. pur-roit eftre trove en mancr come devant eft dit adonqes deins un moys lors profchein enfuant certifierent les ditz juftices trois ou deux de eux & le vifcount ou fouth-vifcount fuifditz devant le Roy & fon confeil tout le fait he les circumftances dicell quell certificat foit de au-tiel force come la prefentement de xij. fur quel certificat foient les ditz trefpaflours & malfe-fours mys a refpons he ceux qi font trovez coupables foient puniz folonc la difcretion du Roy & de fon dit confeil. Et outre ceo qe les juftices de la pees demorantz le pluis profchein en chefcun countee ou tiel route aflemble ou riote de gentz fe ferroit en apres en-femblpment ovefqe le vifcont ou fouth-vifcount de mefme les countees he auxi les juftices daflifes pur le temps qils fer-ront en lour feflions en cas qe afeun tiel riote aflemble ou route fe ferroit en lour prefence ferroient execution de ceft ef-tatut chefcun fur peine de C.li. appaierezau Roi atantz de foitz

3ils ferroient trovez en defaute el execution de mefme lefta-tut. Et pur tant qe pleufeurs riotes routes & aflemblees ont efte faitz en diverfes parties du roialme puis la confedtion Sc proclamation du dit eftatut a caufe qe mefme leftatut nad mye efte mys en due execution come noftre trefloverain feig-nur le Roi lad concieu par diverfes & hidoufes complaintz^a '	luy

Digitized by t^ooQle

14*4-3

kuy faitz en cdle prefent parie-mem mefme noftrc feignur le Roy voillant fur ceo faire pluis grcindre remedie del advys & aflent avantditz & al priere des ditz communes ad ordeignc & eftablie qe fi defaute foit trovee en les ditz deux juftices de la pees ou juftices daffifes &le vif-count ou foutz-vifcount del countee ou tiel note affemble ou route fe ferratouchant lexe-cution qils doient faire par ver-tue del dit eftatut & dont mef-xneleftatut fait mention qadon-qes al inftance de.la partiegre-Tce iffera commiffion le Roy defauz fon graunt feal denque-rtr fibien de la veritee del cas & de la matier originale pur la portie compleignante come de le defaute ou defautes des ditz juftices vifcpunt ou foutz-vifcount celle partie fqppofez a adrefler as fufficeantz perfones indifferentz a la nomination ic advis du cfcaunceller dEngle-terre & qe les ditz commiflioiv-ers meintenant epvoient en la chauncellerie les cnqueftes ic matiers devapt eux celle partie prifez & trovez. Et outre ceo qe les coroners de mefme le countee pur le temps efteantz ou tiel note aflemble ou route ft ferra ferront les paddles fur la dite commiffion retpumables pur le temps qe le vifcount if-fint en defaute fuppofee eftoife en fon office les queljes coroners retourneront nulles perfones mes tielx qe ont terres tene-mentz ou rent a le value de x. li. par an a meyns. Et auxi qe mefmes les coroners retourneront fur cbefcun des ditcs perfones a empanellerz a le primer jour qant ifluez font a per-drez xx.s. aumeyns&afecon-de jour xl.s. a meyns & a tier-fe jour C.s. a meyns & a chef-

cun

Annb fecundo Henri ex V.

V

commons, hath ordained and Commiflion* ftablifhed, That if default be , found in the faid two juftices h^ireofthc of the peace, or juftices of af- riot, and of fifes, and the lheriff or under- the juftices fheriff of the county, where fuch riot, aflembly, or rout (hall ^i^ft/i^ be made, touching the execu-r * tion that they ought to make by virtue of the faid ftatute, and whereof the faid ftatute maketh mention, that then at the inftance of the party grieved, the King’s commiffion (hall go out under his great feal, to inquire as well of the truth of the cafe, and of the original matter for the party complainant, as of the default or defaults of the faid juftices, (heriff, or under-lheriff, in this behalf fuppofed, to be directed to fuf-ficient and indifferent perfons, at the nomination and by the direction of the chancellor of the realm of England*, (9) and Uponthecom-r that the faid commiflioners presently (hall return into the turn the chancery the inqueftsand mat- inqueft, tiers before them in this behalf of what taken and found; and more- /ufficicncy the over, that the coroners of the ,uror* e* fame county for the time being, in which county fuch riot, af-fembly, or rput (hall be made,

(hall make the panel upon the faid commiffion returnable for the time that the (heriff fo fuppofed in default (hall continue in bis office, (11) which coro- What iflues ners (hall return no perfons, the coroners but only fuch which have lands, uponrS-tenements, or rents to the value rors, and upon pf xl. by yearatleaft; (12) what penalty, and alfo tnat the fame coroners (hall return upon every of the faid perfons empanelled at the first day when iflues be to be loft, xx s. at the lead, and at the fecond day xl. s. at the lead, and at the third day C. s.

at

Digitized by

Google

2$	Anno	fecundo	Henrici	V.	[1414.

at the leaft, and at every day	cun jour apres le double an

after the double at the lead;	meynsles queux iflues iflintre-

which iflues fo returned by	toumcz par caufe d$ ponap^

caufe of non-appearance of fuch paience de tielx empaneilez for-perfons empanelled, (hall be ront ajuggez come forfi|itp au adjudged as forfeit to the King, Roi & a fon ocp$ leyabk*. fet and leviable to his ufe; (13) fi defaute foit trove en fes ditx and if default be found in the coroners touchant le retoume faid coroners, touching the re* die tielx gentz a empanelifr* on turn of fuch perfons to be cm*	touchant le retoume dautiebt

panelled, or touching there*	iflues come avant eft ditqe chef-

turn of fuch iflues, as afore is	cun de eux perdra al oeps k

faid, that every of them (hall	Roi xl. li. Et fil aveigne qete

forfeit to the Kind’s ufe forty	dk vifeount enfi rette en defaute

Where the	pounds; (14) and if it happen	foit defeharge de fon office a

thecoronen01 Aat Ad fiud (heriff fo reputed	temps qe tiel commiflion iflera

(hall return	in default, be difcharged of his	hors de la chauncdlerie qadon*

the jury.	office at the time that fuch	qes le novel! vifeount de mef-

commiflion (hall be awarded	me lecountefonfocccflour im-

out of the chancery, that then	mediate ou mediat pur le temps

the new (heriff of the fame	efteant & nient les coroners de

county, his fucceffor mediate or	meifme le countee ferra le pa*-

immediate for the time being)	ndl fur celle commiflion retour

and not the coroners of the liable en les maner Ac fourme lame county, (hall make the come les ditz coroners ferroat panel upon this commiflion re?	cn temps qant le vifeount iffint

turnable in manner and form,	rette en defaute eftrit en (bn

as the faid coroners (hpuld do	office. Et qe mefme le novdi

in time when the (heriff fo re-	v ifeount encourgera auricle pe^

puted in default continued in ne de xl,li. envers le Roi (i at his office; (15) and that the cun defaute en luy foit trovee fame new (heriff (hall incur like	touchant le retoumdautres per-

pain of forty pounds to the	fones par luy a empanelierz qi

King, if any default in him be	nont terres tenementz ou rent

found touening the return of	a le valuede x. I. par an ou de

other perfons by him empanell-	retoume dautielx iflues come

ed, which have not lands, te-	les ditz coroners font fuifehar-

hements, or rents to the value	giez de retoumir ficome its ditz

often pounds by year, orof re-	coroners font a perdre envers

turning fuch iflues which the	le Roi ceft partie. Et qe le

faid coroners be above charged	chaunceller dEngleterre pur le

to return, as the faid coroners	temps efteant fi toft come il

are to lofe to the King in this be-	purra avoir conufance dautiel

A writ direct- half. (16) And that the chan-	route aflemble ou riote il face

chance0*toC	ce^or Sngkmd for the time	envoier brief le Roi as juftices

inquireof°	being, as foon as he may have	de la pees & a vifeont ou foutz-

riots.	knowledge of fuch riot, aflem-	vifcont del countee ou ils font

bly, or rout, (hall caufe to be	ifftnt faitz qils mettent leftamt

fent the King’s writ to the juf*	ent fait en execution for la pei*

tices of the peace, and to the	ne contenue en ycelle. Et 00-

(heriff or under-lheriff of the	ment qe tiel brief ne veigne

connty	myo

Digitized by v^ooQle

29

1414.3 Anfto fecundo Henrici V.

myc as ditz juftices & vifcont county where they be> lo made, ou foutz-vifcont euxncferront that they (hall put the ftatute pas excufez de la peine avant* in execution upon the pain dhefilsnefacentmycexecution contained in the fame; and del eftatut fuiidit.	though that fuch writ come

Purveu qe les juftices & au~ not to the faid juftices, fheriff, tree officers fuifditz ferront lour or undcr-lheriff, they (hall not ' offices fuifditz as collages du be excufed of the pain afore-Roy en slant demorant Sc rt- laid, if t)iey make not execu-toumant en fefuntz lour dites tion of the laid ftatute. offices per paiement ent affaire II. Provided always. That A r*10£^al! par le vilcont dc mefme le the laid juftices, and other of- [nq^r^ ofat coontee pur le temps efteant fleers aforefaid, (hall execute the King's parendentures entre le dit vif- their offices aforefaid at the charges, coot & les ditz juftices & autres King’s colls, in going and con-officers fuifditz afaires de le tinuing in doing their laid o£-paiement futfdit dont le dit vif- Sees, by payment thereof to be cont fur fon accompte en lef- made by the (heriff of the fame cheqer purra avoir due allou- county for the time being, by anoe. Et qe tielx riotours at- indentures betwixt the (heriff tetntz de grauntx & haynofes and the faid juftices, and other notes eient emprifonement dun officers afcrefiud, to be made of an entier a mey ns fanz eft re the payment aforefaid, whereof lefle hors du pnfone par bailie the faid Iheriif upon his ac-mainprys ou en autre maner count in the exchequer may durant lan fuifdit. Etqeles have due allowance; (2) and The punifh-riotoursatteintzdespetitz notes that fuch rioters attainted dent emprifonement come fern- great and heinous riots, (hall noters* ble mdx a Roy ou a fon con- have one whole year’s impri-fcilL Et qe les fyns dicelles fonment at the lead, without riotours atteintz foient par les being let out of prifon by bail, dkz juftices encreflez & mys a mainprife, or in any other greindres fommes qils ne foloi- manner, during the year afore-ent eftre mys en tielx cafes de- faid; (3) and that the rioters tint ces beures en aide & fup- attainted of petty riots (hall portation de les collages des have imprifonment as bed lhali juftices et autres officers fuif- feem to the King or to his ditz celle partie. Et qe les council; (4) and that the fines lieges du Roy eftcantz fuffice- of fuch rioters attainted, (hall antz pur travailler en le coun- be by the faid juftices increafed tee ou tielx routes aflemblesou and put to greater fums than ✓ notes font foient alfiftentz as they were wont to be put in juftices commiffioners vilcont fuen cafes before this time, in & fbutz-vifeont de mefme le aid and fupportation of the juf-countee qant ils ferront refo- tices and other officers afore-nabkmentgamizpurchivacher faid in this behalf; (5) and Each ableper. ove les ditz juftices commif- that the King’s liege people be-fioners Sc vifeont ou foutz-vif- ing fufficient to travel in the juftices and cant en aide de refiftcnce de county where fuch routs, af- flieriffto re* debt riotes routes Sc affemblez femblies, or riots be, (hall be prcfs riots. far peine demprifbncment Sc affiftant to the juftices, com-

faire	miflioners.

Digitized by Google

&

Anno fecundo Henrici V.

under-

ti4u*

faire fyn & ranceon a Rot. Et qe les bailifs des franchifes fa-* cent efftpaheller fufficeantz gentz come, deftris fur peine de perdre ou Roy xl. li. en cas qe tielx pdrfonres fufficeantz pur-ront eftre trovez deinz mefmes les franchifesi Et qe fernbla-b!e$ordeigriances& primes teig-nent lieu & force en citees burghs & autres villes & lieux enfranchifefc quCux ount jufti-ces de la pees deins les citees’ burghs villes & autres Keux fu-ilditz et qe ceft eftatut com-mencera a tenir lieu meinte-* naunt Apres ta proclamation: ent feit;

miffioners, fheriff, or fheriff of the fame county, when they fhall be reafonably warned, to ride with the faid juftices, commiSioners, and fheriff, or under-flieriff, in aid to refift fuch riots, routs, and affemblies, upon pain of impri-fonment, and to make fine and Bailiffs of ranfom to the King; (t) and rinchifes. that the bailiffs of franchifes fhall caufe to be impanelled fuf-ficient perfons as before, upon pain to lofe to the King fortv pounds, in cafe that fuch fu£ ficient perfotis may be found Riots commit- within the fame franchifes; (7) ted in cities, and that like ordinances and to^ cor and Pa^ns	k°k* plac** and take

rate?* cor^°~ effedt in cities* boroughs, and other places and towris infiran-chifed, which have juftices of the peace within the cities, boroughs, and other places aforefaid; (8) and that this ftatute fhall begin to hold place prefently after the proclamation there-19 H. 7. c.i 3. of made.

CAP. IX.

A remedy to punifh him that doth commit felony, andflee into an unknown place.

ITEM, fordfmuch as great and TTEM pur ceo qe graunde & grievous complaints have been X grevoufe compleint ad efte made to our fivereign lord the fait a Roy noftre foverain feig-Klhgy by the commons in this pre^ nur par les communes len ceft fent parliament, of divers murders, manjlaughters, robberies, batteries, affemblies of people in gteat number in manner of infur-reclioH, and of divers other rebellions and riots+ and after fuch offences the faid felons and iffendirs flee, and withdraw themferues into

divers woods and fecret places and' unknown, and elfewhere, to the intent and purpofe to avoid the execution of the common law, and that they might not be brought to anjwer; (2} whereupon our fo-vereign lord the King, confi-dering the aforefaid complaint, by the advice and affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal in the fame parliament aflembled, hath

prefent paflement de diverfes murdres homicides robberies bateries affemblees de gentz ei* graund noumbre par manere dinfarredtion & de diverfes aii^ tres rebellions & riotes & apres tieux maffaitz les ditz felons & meffefoures fenfuent & retre-hent as diverfes boys & lieux covertez be difeonuz & aillours a lentetite & purpos de voider Ipcecution de la commune ley Sc qils ne ferroient afmefnez a refpounfe felonc proces de la ley fur qtioy noftre dit foverain feignur le Roy confiderant la fuifdite compleinte par aftent des feignurs efpirituelx he tem-porelx en mefme le parlement affem-

Digitized by Google

<414-]	Anno	fecundo	HenriCI	V.

aflcmblcz ad ordeirie & eftabliz hath ordained and eftablKhtfd a la requefte des ditz comma- at the requeft of the faid com-nes qe fi afcuny en temps ave- mons, That if any perfon here* nir viegne en la chauncellarie after come into the chancery,

& face compleint duement qe and make complaint duly, that afcun tiel felon ou maffefour any fuch felon or offenaer, as come avaunt eft dit fen eft fuy afore is faid, flee or withdraw ou retrehet a afcun tiel lieu ou himfelf into any fuch place, or aillours a lentente fuifdit foit elfewhere, to the intent afore-for tiel compleint une bille faid, upon fuch a complaint a fufficiantment fait pur le Roy bill (hall be fufficiently made & ait le chaunceller dEngle- for the King; (3)* and the A remedy tor terre pur le temps efteant apres chancellor of England for the tiele bille a luy liveree fil poet time being, after fuch a bill to ^mkany eftre enformez duement tiele him delivered, if he may be mUrder or bille contenir veritee poair de duly informed that fuch a bill robbery, and faire folonc fa difcretion un containeth truth, (hall have ?hai doth fk* brief de Capias a la fuite de power to make according to J^°ea fccret Roy dired a vifcount de coun- his difcretion a writ of Capias p tee ou countees ou les ditz at the King’s fuit, directed to murdres homicides robberies the (heriff of the county or bateries & autres meffaitz font counties where the faid mur-fuppofez par la dite bille eftre ders, manflaughters, robberies, faitz & perpetrez retournables batteries, and other oflFences be * en la dite chauncellarie a cer- fuppofed by the faid bill to be tein jour. Et fi les perfones done and perpetrate, returnable en le dit brief contenuz foient in the faid chancery at a certain prifez par le dit vifcount ou day. (4) And if the perfons The party ac-foy rendentenmefmelachaun- in the faid writ contained be lV cellarie qadonqes foient tielx taken by the faid (heriff, or ^ iJidcth * perfones mys en garde ou a yield themfelves in the fame himfelf. mainprife felonc la difcretion chancery, that then fuch perdu chaunceller. Et outre foit fons (hall be put in ward or to maunde denquerer de tielx mainprife, according to the malfaitz & fur ceo foit fait difcretion of the chancellor, come la leie demande. Et fi (5) And moreover be it com-le vifcount retoume a jour de manded to inquire of fuch of-Capias retoumable qe les per- fences, and upon that (hall be fones en ycelles comprifez par done as the law requireth. afcun de les caufes fuifditz ne (6) And if the (heriff1 return at The flieriff re-purront eftre par luy prifez ne the day of the Capias retuma- tumeth,tha* mefines les perfones ne foi ren- ble, that the perfons in the dent en la dite chauncellerie fame comprifed for any of thefe qadonqes face le dit chaun- caufes aforefaid, cannot be by celler faire brief de proclama- him taken, neither the fame tion dired au dit vifcount re- -perfons do yield themfelves in toumable en banc du Roy a the faid chancery, that then certein jour qil face proclama- the faid chancellor (hall caufe tion en deux countees qe les tp be made a writ of proda-perfones en le dit brief nomez mation direded to the faid (he-veignent a dit jour en le fuifdit riff, returnable in the King’s banc	bench

Digitized by

Google

3*

The fuggefti* ons of uich riots Oiall be teftified under the feals of two jultices of peace and the ncriffl

Riots committed in a county where there is a chancellor and a teal.

Anno fccundo &ENRICI V.

tench at a certain day, that he (hall make proclamation in two counties that the perfons named in the faid writ (hall come at the faid day in the bench a-forefaid, there to anfwer to the matter comprifed within the faid bill, upon pain tp be con-vkft of the matter comprifed in the faid bill; (7) and that in every fuch writ of proclamation (hall be contained the fub-(lance of the matter comprifed within* the faid bill: (8) and if they come not at the day of fucn proclamation returned, then (hall they be holden and adjudged for convict and attainted as aforefaid 1 and if they come at the prodamati

£h»4*

banc pur y refpondre a la ma-tier compris en la dite bille fur peine deftre convi&a dela ma-tier compris deins la dite bille & en chefcun tiel brief de proclamation foit contenu la fub-ftance de la metier compris deinz la dite bille & fils ne veignent a jour de tiele proclamation retournee foient adon-qes temiz & adjuggez pur con-vi<ftz & atteintz Come defuis eft dit & fils veignent a la proclamation foit de eux cnquis & fait en manere come defuis eft dit.

Purveu qe les fuggeftions de tielx riotes foient tefmoignez a le chaunCeller dEngleterre par lettres enfealez defoutz les feaJs

on, it (hall be of them inquir- . dedeuxjuftices du pees a meins

ed and done in manner as above is faid.

II.	Provided always. That the fuggeftions of fucn riots be teftified to the chancellor of England by letters fealed under the feals of two juftices of the peace at the leaft, and the (he-fiff of the county where fuch riots (hall be made, before that the writ of Capias be granted ;

(2)	in which writ of Capias, the matter which is comprifed within the fame bill (hall be as well expreffed, as in the writ of proclamation thereof to be made. (3) And if fuch cafe happen in the county palatine of Lancafter, or elfe in any franchife where there is a chancellor and a feal, that then the chancellor of England (hall caufe to be written or fent by the King’s writ to the chancellor of fuch county or franchife, all the fuggeftion in the faid bill comprifed, commanding him to make fuch execu* the faid article

& le vifcount del countee ou tielx riotes ferront devant ceO qe tiel brief de Capias foit graUnte en quel brief de Capias (oit fibien h mztiere exprefle quel eft compris dein9 m.fmc la bille come en lo brief de proclamation ent affaire. Et fi tiel cas aveigne en le countee pa-latyn de Lancaftre ou aillours en franchife «a ou il y ad chaun-» celler & feal qadonqes le dit chaunceller dEngleterre face efcriver ou envoier par brief du Roy a le chaunceller detiel countee ou franchife Unite la fuggeftion en la dite ^ille compris commandant a luydefaire tiel execution Come en le dit article eft compris iffint toutz foitz qe brief du Roy hors de la chauncellarie dEngleterre ne courge en tiel countee ou franchife autrement qe nad efte ufee en temps pafle & qe cells ordinance eftoife en fa force tanqe al fyn du profchein par-lcment.

tion as in the laid article is comprifed; (4) fo always that the King's writ (hall not run

out

Digitized by

Google

out of the chancery of England in fuch a county or franchife, otherwife than hath been ufed in time paft ; (5} and that this Made perpe-ordinance (hall ftand in his full force until the end of the nexttuaI by * H.6. parliament.	c*14*

Other ftatutes made at Weftminfter, Anno 2 He N.V

fiat. 2. and Anno Dom. 1414.

NOSTRE feignur le Roy a fon parlement tenuz a

’ a

Weftm’ le Lundy apres les oeptaves de feint Martyn lan de fon regne feconde del advis fcaflent des feignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a les efpecialx requefte & inftance des communes de fon roialme adonqes illoeqes aflemblez ad ordeine fait u eftablie diverfes ordinances k ellatutz en la fourme qenfuit.

OUR lord the King, at his parliament holden at Weft-minder, the Monday next after the Utas of 5/* Martin, the fe-cond year of his reign, by the advice and affent of the lords fpiri~ tual and temporal, and at the fpe-cial inflame and requejl of the commons of his realm then there affembled, hath ordained and ejla-blifhed divers ordinames and Jla~ tutes in the manner and form as followeth.

CAP. I.

fVhat fort of men fhall be juftices of the peace.

PRimerement qe lesjuftices de la pees defore enavaunt affaires deinz les countees dEn-gleterre foient faitz de les pluis fufficeantz perfones demurantz enmefmes les countees par advis du chanceller k confeyll le Roy fanz prendre autres perfones demurantz en foreins countees a tiel office occupier forfpris les feignurs k les juftices daffifes ore nomez & ano-merz par le Roy & fon confeil & forfpris auxi les chiefs fenef-chalx du Roy des terres & feig-nuries del duchee de Lancaftre en le north & le fouth pur le temps efteantz.

FIRST, That the juftices of 4 Inff-sx. the peace from henceforth *Ed.3.ftat.2;

to be made within the coum- 3+Ed.3.c.i. ties of England, (hall be made what fort of of the mod fufficient perfons peribns (hall dwelling in the fame counties, iufticc* of by the advice of the chancellor pcace* and of the King’s council, without taking other perfons dwelling in foreign counties to execute fuch office, except the lords and the juftices of aflifes now named, and to be named by the King and his council; and except all the King's chief ftewards of the lands and feig-niories of the dutchy of Lan-cafler, in the north parts, and in the fouth, for the time be- i3r.*. flat.i; ing.	c.7.

CAP. II.

The yearly wages of chaplains and parifh priefts fettled.

ITEM, whereas it is contained in the ftatute, made the xxxvi. Ex edit. Raft.

year of King Edward the Third after the conqueft. That no Pailfll parifh prieft nor yearly prieft (hould take but v. marks, or vi. at Vol.III.	D	the

Digitized by vjiOOQlC

34	Anno	fecundo HenrIci V*	(1414*

the mort for their wages by year. And where the parifti prieft* which now be, will not ferve but for x.li xii. marks or x. marks by year at the leaft, againft the form of the (aid ftatute, to the great damage of the King’s liege people, as he hath perceived by the complaint of the commons or his land: the King willing for the; fame to provide remedy in eafe of the faid commons, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That no yearly" chaplain within the: realm (hall take from henceforth more for his whole wages by year, that is to fay, for his board, apparel, and other neceUaries, but vii. marks, nor the parifh priefts, which be or (hall be retained to ferve cures, fhalltake frotn henceforth for their whole 16 Ed 1 c 8 wa8es yWf that *s to for the things aforefaid but viir> Rep.21 jac/i. marks* tmlefs it be by licence of the ordinary, fo that the whole c. a8.	fum	pafs	not	nine	marks.

CAP. 111.

Of wbat	ejlale tbofe jurors mujl be, which are to pafs touch1

ing the life, of map, plea real, or forty marks damages.

Explained by TTEM, The King confider-8 H.6.C.29. A ing the great mifehiefs and dilherifons which daily happen through all the realm of England, as well in cafe of death of a man, as in cafe of freehold, and in other cafes, by them which pafs in inquefts in the laid cafes, which be common jurors, and other that have but little to live upon but by fuch inqueft, and which have nothing to lofe becaufe of their falfe oaths, whereby they offend their confciences the more largely ; (2) and willing thereof to have corredtion arid amendment, hajh ordained and efta-blifhed, by aflent of the lords and commons aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be admitted to Of what eftate pafs in any inqueft upon trial jurors muft be 0f the death or a man, nor in

who are to any jnqUeft betwixt party and pafs in an in-	,	r*	.'	,

qudt touch- Party in Plea rea 5 nor in plea ing the life of perfonal, whereof the debt or man, plea real, the damage declared amount to

dara;f es™*1*8 ^orty mar^s’ ^ ^ame Perf°n amages. have nQt jancjs or tenements of

the yearly value of forty (hillings above all charges of the fame; (3) fo that it be challenged by the party, that any 2r	fuch

ITEM le Roy confiderant les grandes mefehiefs & deftie-ritances qe de jour en autre aveignent parmy tout le roi-alme fibien en cas de mort de homme come en cas de franc tenement & es autres cafes par ceux qi paflent es enqueftes en les ditz cafes qi font communes jurours & autres qi norit qe poie de vivre mes par tieux enqueftes & les queux nont riens a perdre par caufe de lour faux ferementz paront ils le pluis legierment ofFendent lour con-fcience et voillant ent avoir correction & amendement ad or-deigne & eftablie par aflent des feignurs & communes fuifditz qe null perfone foit admys de pafler en afeune enquefte fur trial de mort de homme ou en afeune enquefte parentre partie & partie en plee real nen plefc perfonell dont le dette ou les damages declarez amontent a quarant marez fi mefme la perfone neit terres ou tenementz de annuell value de quarant fouldz outre les reprifes dic&lles iflint qil foit chalangee par la partie qe afeun empanelle en mefmes les cafes nad my terres

ou

Digitized by <^.ooQLe

1414*] Anno fecundo Henrici V.	35

fuch perfon fo impanelled in Raft. 1x7.*

the fame cafes hath not lands *8Ed-3;c-i3*

or tenements of the yearly va- ?chS$'£* 2

lue of forty fhillingS above the is. ’	*	9

charges, as afore is faid. 2 H. 7. f. 13.

^	10H.7.f.14*

CAP. IV.

j®*// ^ #0 gilding offilver ware, but of the allay of Englilh fterling.

TTEM pur ceo qp les or- 'XTEVL, for that the goldfmiths There (hall be “	*	X	of England, of their covin*.p gilding of.

and ordinances, will not fell the buVofthe^I-wares of their myjlery gilt, hut at jay of Englilh < the double price of the weight of fterling. the fiver of the fame, which feemeth to the King very outrageous and too excejjive a price

ou tenement* a le value an-nueli de quarant fouldz outre fes charges come avaunt ell dir.

A feours dEngleterre de lour commune covyn & ordinance ne voiHent my vendre les chofes de lour miftier endorrez finon a double pris de le pois dargent dicelles le quell femble a Koy trop outrageous & trop

exceffive pris le Roy pui* laife (2) the King for the eafe of de fon poeple voiflant ceo re- his people, willing to remedy

medier ad ordeine & eftablie qe tout* les orfeours dEngleterre ftriforrent null argent pier qe del allaie defterling Englois & q3s preignent pur la libre de Troy orre xhri. s. viii. d. a phris & de greindre pois & de mein-dre felonc la quantite & laffe-rante de rnefme la fomtne et qe ceo qe ferra par eux fuiforre defore enavaunt foit de refona-ble pois & non pas exceffive et fi nul orfeour face le contraire forfcrra a Roy la value de la efrofe vendue.

the fame, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That all the gold- Rep. in part, fmiths of England fhall gild no **Jac.i.c.*8. filver worfe than of the allay of the Englijb fterling, and that they take for a pound of Troy The pound gilt but forty-fix (hillings eight Troy of filver pence at the moft, (3) and of jgftJJ1 greater weight, and lefs, ac- gcj. fording to the quantity and rate of the fame fum ; and that which fhall be by them gilt from henceforth^ fhall be of reafonable price, and not ex-ceflive ; (4; and if any gold-fmith do contrary to this fta-tute, he fhall forfeit to the King the value of the thing fo fold. 5 H.4. c.i j;

CAP. V.

If a Welchman, on proeefs awarded againfi him for detaining an EngKfhman, refufe to appear, he fhall be outlaw-ed, and writs fhall be ijfued to apprehend him.

IrTElA,forafenucb as fence the rebellion of the Welchmen now late Ex edit. Raft, reformed., many of the rebels of Wales, with other their adhe- Wales. rents, with force and arms in the manner of war, fometimes by day, and fometimes by night, have come into the counties of Salop, Hereford, and Gloucester, and in other places bordering upon the fame countries, and in divers woods and other places there hid and lodged, have traiteroufly and fehmioufly taken many of the King's faithful liege people, feme tn riding about their merchandifcs and doing their own bull 2	fenefe

Juftices of peace.

Altered by a7H.Sx.26.

Staple.

Anno fegundo Henrici V. [1414,

finefs , andfome in their houfes where they were abiding,, doing their work* in their hujbandry in Gods peace and the Kings, and thofe the King9 s liege people fo takeny have brought out of their country to divers parts of Wales, and them have kept and witholden with them in the moun~ tains of thofe parts of W ales by half a yeqr, fometime more, and fometime lejs, till they have ranfomed fome of the faid liege people to an C li. and fome more after their rate, in like manner as is ufed in time of war, to the great damage and mifchief of the people of the fold counties and countries, and to an evil exampley if it be not the rather remedied, as the King by the grievous complaint of the commons hath perceived: Our fovereign lord the King, willing againft all fuch offenders to ordain a due punilhment, hath ordained and efta-blifhed, That the juftices of peace within the counties of England affigned for the time, (hall have power to enquire, hear, and determine all manner of fuch treafons and felonies, as well at the King’s fuit as at the party’s : fo that in cafe that fuch offenders will not appear before the faid juftices, to anfwer as the law requireth in this behalf, till they be according to the cuftom of the realm outlawed; then the fame juftices fhall certify by their letters under their feals, the officers of the feigno-ries, in which fuch outlaws be withdrawn, abiding, or reliant, of the outlawry upon them fo pronounced. And that the fame officers upon that certification, take the bodies of thofe out-, laws, and $0 execution upon them in the fame feignory, as the* law demandeth, without fine or ranfom in this behalf to be made.

C A P. VI.

Merchandifes of the Jlaple fhall not be exported beyond fe&> without the King's licence* until they be first brought to the Jlaple.

ITEM, whereas in the parliament holden the first year of King Henry the Fourth, father to the King that now is, by the advice of the lords and commons in the fame ajfembled, it was ordained and’ ajfented. That the Jlaple of wools, leather, woolfels, lead, and tin, should be wholly at Calais, faving always, that all the merchants of Genoa, Venice, Catalonia, Anragon, and of other realms, lands, and countries towards the Weft, being, of the Kangs amity, that would bring to Hampton or elfewhere within the realm, carats, Jhips, galleys, or other vejfels, charged or diftharged, might freely feU their merchandifes to whom pleafed them, and there to recharge all their faid vejjels of wools, leather, woolfels, lead, and tin, and of other merchandifes of theJlaple, and freely bring them into their country towards the Weft, after the form of the Jlatute thereof made the fe-cond year of King Richard the Second after the conquejl. And faved alfo to the burgejfes and merchants of the town ^Berwick upon• Tweed, and to the refiants and inhabitants in the fame, that they * may buy wools, leather, and woolfels, as well of the growing ofTindale and other places within the realm of Scotland, and other of the growing of England, that is to fay, of all that place betwixt the waters of T weed <wiCoket, of the growing of other parts within the

realm

Digitized by Google

37

1415*] Anno terrio Heniuci V.

realm of Scotland : and the fame wools, fells ,# and leather, to bring to the port of the faid town ^Berwick, and to carry them to foreign parts, or Jet them to [ale in the faid town of Berwick, according to the form and effect of an ordinance thereof made the firfl year of the findKing Richard. And now fo it is, that certain merchants, as well of the ifles of Jerfey and Guemfey, as merchants of the parts of Britanny, dnd Guion, do buy in divers places of Cornwal whole tin not molten, and the fame carry and fend to be fold in divers parts of France, Normandy, Britanny, Guion, and elfewhere than to the faidfiaple, and alfo divers other merchants, as well denizens as Jlran-gers, do buy and fend molten tin, called Jhotten tin, out of the realm to the parts ^Flanders, Holland,.Zealand, and to other parts beyond the fea, than to the faid flaple, again ft the form of the faid ordinance fo late made, to the great fraud, lays, and damage to the King, as of his cufloms, and to the hindrance of all their repairers to the fame flaple, as the King is thereof certified by the motion of his commons now prefent: The King confidering the fame ordinance to be Decenary and profitable for him and the faid fiaple, will, granteth, and commandeth, That the fame (hall ftand in hi$ force, and moreover the King, by the aflent of his lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and of his commons here aflembled in this parliament, will and ordaineth, That no wools, fells, leather, lead, nor tin, whole or molten, called (hotten tin, nor none o* ther merchandife of the fiaple, from henceforth (hall be fent nor carried to any parts beyond the fea, unlefs they be first brought to the faid fiaple after the form of the faid ordinance made the first year of King Henry, upon pain of forfeiture of all the xnerchandifes in fuch manner lent or carried out of the realm, unlefs it be by the King’s licence, and except thofe per-fons, places, and things, which be excepted in the faid ordinance made in the faid first year of the faid King Henry for the time that the perfons of the places fo excepted be of the King’s amity, and that in the form contained in the faid ordinance.

And moreover that every man (except thofe before excepted) which (hall fend or carry afiy fuch merchandifes of the fiaple out of the realm of England in time to come, (hall find good and fufficient furety to the King, before his cuftomers, of the place where the fame merchandifes (hall be taken and cuftomed within the fame realm, before that he depart with the fame merchandifes, that he (hall first bring or fend them to the faid * *1‘ at,T# fiaple in the form aforefaid, unlefs he have the King’s licence as ,‘h. 6.0.4, afore is faid.	i4Ed.4.c.3,

A ftatute made at	Wejlminjle3 Hen. V,

and Anno	. 1415.

FAIT aflavoir qe a le parle-	A T the parliament holden at

M teni» a Weftm’ le	Weftminfter the Monday

kundy	p 3	next

Digitized by Google



Anno tertio Hentuci V.

next after the feafl of All Saints, the third year of the reign of King Henry the Fifths a fiatute was made by the King our lord, with the affent of all the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the requejl of the commons England there affembled for the common profit and wed of the realm;

Lundy profchein apres lc feffc de toutz faintz lan du regnc lc Roy Henry quint apres le con^ queft tierce iuit fait un eftatut par lc Roy del affent de toute les feignurs efpirituelx & tern-porelx a lefpeciale requefte de* communes dEngleterre aflem-blez illoeqes pur le commune bien & profit de tout le roialme.

CAP.I.

It Jhall be felony to import or offer in payment any fort of mo«• ney forbidden by former fiatutes.

Ex edit. Raft Gaily halfpence.

Suskin and Dotkin. Money.

Juftices of peace.

Mayors.

bailiffs.

Stewards.

THAT is to fay. That Gaily halfpence, and the money called Sufkin and Dotkin, and all manner of Scwtti/h money of filver, (hall be put out, and not be current hereafter for any payment in the realm of England. Joined to the fame, that proclamation be made through all the counties of England within franchifes and without, and elfewhere, that all that have Gaily halfpence, fulkins or dotkins* (hall bring them to the King’s exchanges betwixt this and the feaft of Eafter next enfuing, there to be broken, and that that is found good filver, there to he ftriken and coined in EngUjh halfpence. And all they which after the faid feaft of Eafier do make coin, buy, or bring into the realm of England any Gaily halfpence, fufkins,. or dotkins, to fell them, or to put them in payment in the fame realm, and thereof be attainted, they (hall be judged as felons of our fove-reign lord the King, and (hall forfeit all their lands and tenements goods and chattels. And that the lords, of whom foch lands and tenements be holden, (hall have and enjoy the for-: feitures as in other cafes of felony. And if any of the King’s liege people or other perfon put Gaily halfpence, fufldns, or dotkins, in payment, or them receive in payment, within the realm of England, and thereof be duly attainted, they (hall forfeit at every time that they make fach payments or receit, C s. whereof our fovereign lord the King (hall have the one half, and he that will fue for the King thereof to attaint them, (hall have the other half, and that as well the juftices of peace within all the counties of England, as mayors and bailiffs within the cities and boroughs, and ftewards of lords in their view x>f frankpledge, (hall have power to enquire by good enquefts to be taken before them of dl the matters afbreraid. And that the faid mayors and bailiffs, after the faid enquefts before them taken, mail fend the feme inquifitions before the juftices of peace of the counties, in which the faid cities and boroughs be. And that the faid juftices of the peace of the counties have power, as well of the feid inquifitions fo taken before fuch mayors and bailiffs, and fent before the feid juftices (as afore is (aid) as upon other inquifitions before the feme juftices of

peace

Digitized by Google

39

*415*3 Anno teftio Henrici V.

peace in their feflions to be taken touching the faid matters, to make procefs, and to award the Capias and Exigent and to hear and determine all the faid matters according to their difcretion, as in other cafes of felonies and trefpaifes hath been ufed before * IJ.6.C.9. this time.

Statutes made at	Wejlminjier, 3 Hen. V,

flat. 2. Anno Dorn. 1415.

OSTRE feignur le( Roy a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le Lundy le fefzifme jour de Marcz lan de fon regne tierce del advis & aflent des fdgnurs efpirituelx & tempo-relx & a la requefte des communes aflemblez en mefme le parlement ad ordeignez & efta-bliz diverfes ordinances At eft*-tutz en la fourme qenfuit,

OUR lord the King, at his parliament holden at Wcft-m i nfter the Monday thefexth * day of March, the third year of his reign, by the advice and affent of the lards fpiritual and temporal, and at the requejl of the commons, ajfembled in the fame parliament, hath ordained and eftablijhed divers flatutes and ordinances in the

form foUm*g>

* Sixteenth.

CAP. I,

A confirmation of the liberties of the churchy and of all per-fonSy cities, &V.

PRimerement qe feinte ef-, glife eit toutz fes libertees At franchifes & qe toutz les fei-enurs efpirituelx At temporelx At les autres lieges du Roy ei-antz libertees & franchifes Ac toutz les citees & burghs du roialme eient & enjoient toutz lour libertees Ac franchifes queux ils ount des grantes de les progenitours noftre feignur le Roy Ac de la confermement mefme noftre feignur le Roy ou fon grante demefneforfpris ceux franchifes & libertees queux font repellez en ceft prefent parlement & ceux qe font re-pcllablez par la commune !eief

FIRST, That holy church The liberties have all her liberties and of the church franchifes, and that the lords a.nd°fa11 fpiritual and temporal, and o-ther the King s liege people, confirmed, having liberties and franchifes, and all the cities and boroughs of the realm, have and enjoy all their liberties and franchifes, which they have had of the grants of the King’s progenitors, and of the confirmation of the fame our lord the King, or his grant; fi) except always thofe franchifes and liberties which be repealed in this prefent parliament, and thofe that be repealable by the common jaw.

CAP?

Digitized by v^ooqLc

tiW

Raft.

XX 3.

■9‘

MO.

Anno terrio Henrici V.

CAP. II.

Privilege given to certain abbots, &V, make their attor-nies in the courts of Stancliffe and Frendles.

ITEM, forafmuch as there be divers abbots, priors, and either religious perfons, whereof fome be of the King’s foundation, and fome of the foundation of other lords of the realm of England, dwelling as well within the county of Lancajler, as in the county of Torky whereof fome have porfeffions within the wapentakes of Siancliffe wapentake, and Friendly wapentake, in Craven in the county of York, and fome not, againft whom divers perfons daily by abettment and procurement of the bailiffs, approvers of tne courts of the faid wapentakes, and the ftewards that hold pleas in the faid courts, and of ferftiours of the profits and revenues of the faid courts, feign and procure by them. and other of their covin and affent, clivers plaints, pleas of debt, and trefpafs, and other pleas againft them in the courts of the faid wapentakes, and there whereas the fame abbots and priors come to the faid courts, for the defence of fuch wrongful plaints and pleas, and pray and profer to the ftewards and bailiffs of the faid courts to make their attornies in fuch pleas: the faid ftewards and bailiffs the fame refufe, and will not receive fuch attornies of fuch abbots and priors in any plea of debt or trefpafs, nor in any other plea, and that moreover the fame ftewards and bailiffs of their own authority do amerce the laid abbots and priors for every plaint, at the first time xiid, and at every other time for every of the faid plaints xs. and xx s. and more at their own will, to the great damage and grievance of the faid abbots and priors, and againft rea-fon and the common law of the land: the King hath ordained remedy of the faid grievances, that all fuch abbots and priors, and their fucceffors and every of them, fo vexed and to be vexed* in the faid courts, may make their general attornies or attorney, that is to fay, every of them under the common feal of his houfe, to gain and lofe in every manner of plea of debt and trefpafs, and in any other plea moved or to be moved in the faid courts and in all other courts within the faid wapentakes. And that the ftewards and bailiffs in the faid courts receive the faid attornies fo made and named without any contradiction. And if the fame ftewards or bailiffs refufe to receive any fuch attornies or attorney, fo made and named to be made or to be named, that then the ftewards and bailiffs at every time of fuch refufal of fuch attorneys, (hall forfeit and incur the pain of ten pounds to our fovereign lord the King. And that the faid abbots and priors, or their fucceffors in the faid courts, nor none of them, be in any wife amerced for any nonfuit or default otherwife*than fecular perfons. And that this ordinance ftand in his force for all the year next following, and till the parliament in the fame year next following.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno tertio Henrici V.

*4*5-3

CAP. III.

All Britons not made denizens Jhall depart the realm upon pain of death.

ITEM, whereas divers Britons be now late come within the Britont.

realm, fome of them abiding about the queen’s perfon in her houfe, and fome nigh the faid houfe, and elfewhere within the Aid realm, for to hear, know, and perceive the fecretnefs of the realm, and the fame to difcover to Britons, which be the greateft enemies of the King and of his realm, and for to carry away the money and jewels out of the faid realm,*in great prejudice and damage to the King and to all his realm, as our fo-yereign lord the King bv the grievous complaint of his commons is inftru<5ted: the lame our fovereign lord the King wijl and hath ordained. That all fuch Britons dwelling in the queen’s houfe, and other abiding nigh to the fame houfe and elfewhere, not made denizens, (hall be voided out of the realm: and that proclamation be made, that the faid Britons do void out of the realm betwixt this and the feaft of St. John the Bap-till next coming, and'that upon pain of life and of member.

CAP. IV.

AH provifions, licences, and pardons of a benefice full of an incumbent Jhall be void.

ITEM combien en temps le Roi Henry quart pier a Roy noftre trefloverain feignur qi Dieu affoille lan de fon regne feptifme pur efcljuer plufeurs difeordes & debates & diverfes autres mefehieves verifembla-bles a fourder & avenir a caufe des plufours provifions adon-qes faitz & affairz par lappo-ftoill&auxi des licences fur ceo muntez par le dit nadgairs Roi. entre autres chofes or-deignez eftoit & eftabliz qe null tiele licence ou pardon en-fy grantee pardevaunt mefme lordinance ne a grander en a-pres ferroit vaillable a afcunc benefice plein dafeun incumbent a jour del date en tiele licence ou pardon grante. Nien-tlemeins diverfes perfones eiantz provifions de lappof-toill de diverfes benefices en Engleterre & aillours & licences roialx pur executer les ditz ;pro-

ITEM> whereas in the time of 7H.4.C.3 King Henry the Fourth^ father to our fovereign lord, whom God forgive, the feventh year of his reign, to efehew many difeords and debates, and divers other mifchiefs which were likely to rife and happen, becaufe of many pro-vijions then made9 or to be made9 by the pope9 and alfo of licences thereupon granted by the faid late King, amongjl other things it was ordained and ftablijhed. That no, licence or pardon fo granted before the fame ordinance, nor after to be granted, should be available to any benefice full of an incumbent at the day of the date of fuch //-ceuce or pardon granted: (2) not-withfianding feveral perfons having provifions of the pope of divers benefices in England yandelfewhere . and licences royal to execute the Jaid provtfionSy have by colour of the fame provifiensy licences and acceptations of the faid benefices, fubtilly

Digitized by

Google

42	Anno	tcrtio	Henkici	V*	[1415*

fubtilly excluded divers perfom of provifions ont par colour dicel-their benefices, in which they have les provifions & licences & ac-been incumbents by a long feafony ceptations des ditz benefices of the collations of the patrons jjpt- fubtielment ouftez diverfes per-ritualy to them duly made to their fones de lour benefices es queux intenty to the utter definition ils ont eftez incumbentz par andfubverfm of the efiates of the long temps dell collation des faid incumbents: (3) the King verraies patrons efpirituelx a willing to remove fuch mif eux faitz duement a lour en-chief, hath ordained and efla- tent a finall deftrudlion & ener-blifhed, That all the incum- vation deflates dicelx incumbents of every benefice of holy bentz le Roi voillant ouftier church, of the patronage, coir tielc mefehief fi ad ordeigne lation, or prefentation of fpi- eftablie qe toutz les incum-ritual patrons, may peaceably bentz de qeconqes benefices de and quietly enjoy, and (hall feinte efglife del patronage col-enjoy their faid benefices, with- lation ou prefentation aes pa-out oeing inquieted, molefled, trons efpirituelx puiflent peifi-or any wife grieved by any co- blement & quietement enjoier lour of fuch provifions, licen- & enjoient lour ditz benefices ces, and acceptations whatfo- fanz eflre inquietez moleflez All provifions ever: (4) and tnat all the licences ou grevez afeunement par af-made by the and pardons upon and by fuch cuny par colour de tieux propope, and li- provifions made in any man- vifions ou licences & accepts-pardons°r ner> ihall be vo^ an^ °f no ^ons queconqes. Et qe toutz granted by value. (5) And if any feel les licences & pardons fur & the King, himfelf grieved, molefled, or .pur tieux provifions faitz en EfeEJ ^quieted in any wife from afeun manere foient voidez & of an incum- henceforth by any colour of de null value. Et fi afeuny fe bent (hall be fuch provifions, licences, par- fente grevee# molefle ou in-* void.	dons, or acceptations, that the quiete afeunement deforena-

fame moleflers, grievers, and vaunt par afeuns ou afeuny inquieters, and every of them, par colour de tieux provifions (hall fuffer and incur the pain licences pardons ou accept*-and punifhments contained in tionsqemefmesesgrevoursmo-the fiatutes of provifors before leflours ou inquietours ic chef-.6. ^15 tjme made, that ^y cuny de ceux eient & encour-. procefs of Praemunire facias gent ait & encourge les peines formed upon the cafe; (6) and cc puniflementz en les eftatutz that the party wfyich fhall fue & ordeigqances des provifours by the fame writ, fhall recover avant ces heures faitz conte-his treble damages, if the de- nuz & ceo par proces de Pre-fendants named in the fame munire facias fourmee fur le writ, or any of them, be con- cas & qe h partie qi purfuera viol in that behalf.	mefme le brief recovera fes da-

mages a treble fi les defen-dantz en mefme le brief nomez ou afcuny dicell foient ou foif sonvidtz ou convidt cefte partie.

CAP,

Digitized by LjOOQle

*4*5*1

Anno tertio Henrici V,

43

CAP. V.

Inwbicb courts an attaint may be brought upon a falfe verdilt given in the city of Lincoln, and by whom it Jhall be tried.

ITEM combien par eftatut fait en 1c parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan du reigne lc Roi Richard feconde puis lecon-queft trefzifme ordeignc fait & eftablie qen affifes jurees & toutz tutres enqueftes queux delors ferroient prifez parentrc partie ct partie devaunt les mair & ballives de la citee de Nichole qi pur le temps ferroient fi af-cune des parties delors foi pleindroit de faux ferement fait par ticlx aflifes jurees ou en-queftcs latteint luy ferroit grantee Sc le record l'erroit mandee par brief en banc le Royou en commune banc ct qe levif-cont arraieroit le panel! del juice de tiele atteinte des foreins fans mander al franchife du ditec tee et qelesjufticespren-dreient mefme la jureedemef-mes les fofeins nient contreef-teant afeune franchife grantee audite citee ou autre ufagea eontrarie. Jalcmeins pur tant qe fir Henry nadgairs Roi dEngleterre pier a noftre tref-foverain feignur avauntdit le xxi. jourde Novembr* lan de fon itgne unfzifme par fes lettres •patents entre autres graunta as mair Sc comminalte de la dite citee qe le noun des baillives de mefme la citee ferroit tranflate en le noun des vifcontz et qe mefme la citee les fuburbes & le purceint dicell forfpris le ehaftell Sc le bayle de Lincoln & les mures Sc fofles dicell alors

fmr'toutz. jours ferroit appelfe e countee del citee de Lincoln plufeurs gentz font & ont efteez en ambiguite le quell homme qi pleindrc fe vorra de '	faux

ITEM, tvhereas by the Jlatute 13 R.». ftat.i.

made in the parliament holden c-x8* at Weftminfter the thirteenth year of King Richard the Second, it was ordained and eftablljbed.

That in ajfifts, juries, and all other inquejls, which thenceforth should be taken betwixt party and party, before the mayor and bailiffs of the city of Lincoln, which for the time should be, if any of the parties then did complain him of falfe oath made by fuch affifes, juries, or in* quefts, that the attaint should be granted to him,. and the record should be Cent by writ into the. kings bench, or into the common bench; (2) and that the Jheriff should array she panel of the jury of fuch attaint, of foreigns, with* out fending to the franchife of the faid city; and the juftices should take the fame jury of the fame foreigns,nctwithfandinganyJran-chife granted to the faid city, or any other ufage to the contrary.

(3) Nrcerthelefs, forajmuch as The name of the lord Henry, late King ofEng- bailiffs of land	.fatherJoourfoverdgn

the King aforejatd, the twenty* name of ^ fir ft day of November, the tbir- riffs. teenth year of bis reign, by his letters patents, amongft others, granted to the mayor arid commonalty of the faid city, that the name of bailiffs of the fame city should be tranjlated into the ;iame of Jheriffs; and that the fame city, fuburbs, and precindi of the fame (except the caftle of Lincoln, and the walls and ditches of the fame)

Jhould for ever be called^the county of the city of Lincoln : divers people be and have been in doubt, whether a man that will complain of a falfe oath made in

Digitized by

Google

Anno tcrtio Henrici V.	[1415J

the county of the /aid city after, by faux ferement fait cn le countee. force of the faid Jlatute, should du dite citee puiffe par force del have a writ of attaint directed to eftatuit fuifdit avoir brief de at-the Jheriff of the county of Lin-	teinte adrefler a vifcont del

coin, to be arrayed by the people of	countee de Nichole deftre ar-

the fame county, or not, and alfo	raie par gentz de mefme le

of other article; and points of the	countee ou nemy & auxint datf-

a	JaidJlathte; (4) the King will-	tres articles & points de mefme

before SeCn	*n6 to rcmovc ^ manner of	leftatut le Royvoillant oufter

mayor &c,	ambiguities and doubts in this	toutz maners ambiguitees &

of the county behalf, hath ordained, granted, awereftecs cede partie fi ad or-of the city of	and eftablilhed, That inaffifes,	deigne grante & eftablie qen

juries, and all other inquefts	affiles jurees& autres enqueues

be brought	which be and (hall be taken be-	qeconqes qi font & ferront pri-

triable by	twixt party and party, before	fez parentre partie et partie de-

foreigacrs.	the mayor aqd bailiffs, and be-	vaunt les mair & baillives du

fore the (heriff of the county	vifcont del countee de la dite

of the city of Lincoln, whicn	citee de Nichole qi pur le temps

for the time is, and (hall be, or	furent & ferront ou afcuns de

any of them, if any of the faid	eux fiafcun des partiesfoi pleint

parties do complain of a falfe	defaux ferement fait par tieux

oath made by fuch affifes, ju-	affifes jurees ou enqueftes brief

ries, and inquefts, a writ of at-	datteint luy foit grante adrefler

taint (hall be granted to him,	al vifcont del dit countee de ^

dire&ed to the (heriff of the	Nichole pur le temps efteant&

faid county of Lincoln for the	le record foit mandee par brief .

time being, and the fame re- en banc le Roy ou en commu-cord (hall be fent by a writ in- ne d)anc et qe le vifcont del to the king’s bench, or into the countee de Nichole qi pur le common bench'; (5) and that temps ferra arraie le panell del the (heriff of the county of Lin- juree de tiel atteinte des gentz coin, which for the time (hall be, del countee du Nichole et qe (hall array the panel of the ju- les juftices du Roy & de fes ry of fuch attaint of people of	heirs preignent mefme la juree

tne county of Lincoln, and that	del countee de Nichole folonc

the juftices of the King and of	lentent & leffedl del dit eftatuit

his heirs (hall take the feme ju-	les ditz lettres patentz ou riens

ry of people of the county of	leins cdntenuz ou afeune poffef-

Lincoht, according to the in-	fion ou autre chofe par force de

tent and effe<5t of the faid fta-	mefmes les lettres euz ou faitz

tute, notwithftanding the faid	ou afeune franchife grantee ou

letters patents, or any thing	a grantier as citezeins du dite

therein contained, or any pof-	citee ou a lour fucceffours ou

feffion or other thing by the	autre ufage a contraire ou ceo

, force of the fame letters had or qe la dite citee de Nichole eft made, or any franchife granted, enfy fait incorporate countee or to be granted to the citizens par luy mefmes & feveree del of the faid city, or to their fuc- counteede Nicole non obftantz. ceffors, or other ufage to the

contrary, or that the faid city of Lincoln is fo made incorporate.

CAP*

Digitized by v^ooQle

>4i 5-]

Anno tertio Henrici V.

45

CAP. VI.

It Jhdl he treafon to clip, wafh, or file money.

ITEM pur cco qe devaunt TTEM, becaufethat before this Clipping, ces heures grande doute & X time great doubt and ambi-

guity hath been, whether that clip- money Vfthi*

awereufte ad efte le quell la tonfure loture & fylyng de la moneie de la terre duiffent eftre adjuggez. trefon ou nient a cau-fe qe null mention ent efte fait en la declaration des articles de traifon faitz en le parlement tenu lan vingt & quint del noble Roi Edward befaiel a noftre dit treffoverain feignur le Roi mefme noftre feignur le Roi voillant ouftre tiele doute & le mettre en certain ad de-darree en ceft prefent parlement qe tieux tonfure loture & filer foient adjuggez pur traifon & qe ceux qi tondent la-vent & filent la moneie de la terre foient adjuggez traitours a Roi & a le roialme & encour-gent la peine du traifon.

ping, wajhing, and filing of the realm (hall be money of the land, ought to be high treafon. judged treafon, or not, forafmuch as no mention thereof is made in the declaration of the articles of treafon made in the parliament, holden the twenty fifth year of King Edward the Third; (a), the fame our lord the King, willing to decide fuch doubt, and to put the fame in a certainty, hath declared in this prefent parliament, that fuch clipping, walhlng, and filing,

(hall be adjudged for treafon, and they which To do clip, wafh. Repealed br and file the money of the land, 1 Ed. 6. c.ia. (hall be judged traitors to the &iMar.fe(T.i. King and to the realm, and c,*t ?nd {***• ihall incur the pain of treafon, * lla y 5 L

CAP. VII.

What juftices fhall have authority to hear and determine the offences of falfifying of money.

ITEM pur ceo qe contrefai-ture tonfure & loture & autre fauxine dela moneie de la terre eft le pluis ufee & pluis fe habunde de jour en autre qe ne foleit a caufe qe le punifle-ment dicelles nappertient a af-cun jugc du roialme finoun as juftices du Roi devaunt luy mefmes ou devaunt juftices par efpecialx commiflions a ceo afiignez a verraifemblable deftru&ion de la dite moneie linonqe pluis haftive execution & remedie foit ordeigne come le Roi a le grevous compleint des ditz communes ad conceu mefme noftre feignur le Roi voillant ceo remedier fi ad or-dcigne & eftablie qe les juftices

ITEM, becaufe counterfeiting* clipping, wajbing, and other falfity of money of the land, is much more ufed, and daily doth more abound than it was wont, for that the punijbment of the fame pertaineth not to any judges of the realm, but to the Kings juftices before himfelf orbyfpecial commijfions thereto afftgned, and it is very likely there will be dejlruc-tion of the money, unlefs hajfty execution and remedy be provided, as the King by the grievous complaint of the commons hath perceived; (2) What juftices our faid lord the King, willing (hall have auto remedy the fame, hath or- ?^ority JO. dained andeftablifhed,That the t^lncthc King’s juftices afligned to take offences offrl-aflifes in ad) the counties of fifying of mo-England nc>*

Digitized by

Google

Anno quarto Henrici V.	[1416*

England (hall have power by ces du Roi as aflifes prendre the King’s commiffions to affignez & affignerz en toutz hear and determine, in their les countees dEngleterre eient feflions, as well of the counter- poair par commiffion le Roi feiting, and of the bringing of doier & terminer en lour fefli-fuch falfe money into the realm, ons fibien de contrefaiture Sc as of clipping, walhing, and de laporte de tieux fauxe mo-cvery other falfity of the faid neie en Engleterre come de i money; (3) and that the juf- tonfure loture &chefcuneau-tices of peace through the tre fauxine du dite moneic. Et realm (hall have power by the qe les iufticea de la pees parmy King’s commiffions to inquire leroialme eient poair parcom-of all fuch matters, and there- miffion le Roy denquerer de upon to make procefs by Capias toutz tieux maters & fur ceo only againft thofe which before faire procefs par Capias tant-5 El. c.iv* them (hall be thereof indi&ed. foulement vers ceux qi devaunt

eux ferront ent enditez.

CAP. VIII.

Ordinaries Jhall take no more for proving of teftaments^ with their inventories, than was taken in the time of King Edward the Third.

Ex edit fthft. Probate of tcftaments.

31 Ed.3.flat.i.

c.4.

21 h. a. c.5.

ITEM, whereas the commons of the realm have often times in divers parliaments complained of that, that divers ordinaries do take for the probate of a teftament, and other things pertaining to the offices in this behalf, fometime forty (hillings, or fifty (hillings, and fometime more, againft right and law, and otherwife than was wont to be paid for them, in the time of King Edward the Third, that is to fay* two (hillings fix pence, or live (hillings at the moft, whereby the teftament of the tefta-tor may not be executed, according to the laft will of the fame teftator, to the great damage and hinderance of the com*-mon wealth: the King willing, for the wealth and eafe of his people to avoid fuch oppreffion, and to provide remedy in the cafe, hath ordained, That none ordinary (hall take from henceforth, for the probate of any teftament with the inventory, and for the other things appertaining to the fame, no more than was accuftomed and ufed in this part in the time of the faid King Edward the Third, upon pain to yield to him that feeleth him grieved the treble fo received, if he will fue by the courfe of the law, fo that all manner of executors (hall yiela their accompts to the ordinaries, wholly of the teftator’s goods. And that this ordinance (land in his force till the end of the year next coming, and moreover till the parliament the fame year next enfuing.

Statutes made at	Wejlminfter, 4 Hen. V.	and

Anno Dom. 1416.

AT tlx parliament holdcn at A U parlement tenuz a. W eftminfter the nineteenth Jt\. Weilm’ le xix. jour dOc-

day tobr*

47

1416.3	Araio quarto Henrjci V.

tobr’ lan du regne lc Roi Hen- day of O&ober, the fourth year ry quint puis le conquefte of the reign of King Henry the

Suarte mefme noftre feignur le Fifth after the conquejl \ the feme Loy del affent des prelatz dues our lord the King, with the af-couAts & barons & a les efpe- font of the prelates, dukes, earls, cialx inftance & requefte des barons, and at the fpeeial injlance communes affemblez en cell and requeft of the commons affem-prefent parlement ad fait ordei- bled in thefame parliament, hath ne & eftablie certeins eftatutz & caufed to be ordained and ejlablijb-oideinances en la fourme qen- ed certain Jlatutes and ordinances, fuit.	in the form as followeth.

cap. I.

A confirmation of all former jlatutes not repealed.

PRimerement qe la Grande THIRST, That the Great Aconfirmati-Chartre & la Chartre de la Jl Charter, and the Charter on of former Forefte et toutz autres efta- of the Foreft, and all otherfta- ilatutes not tutz & ordeinances faitz en tutes and ordinances made in repealed, fon temps & es temps defes his time, and in the time of his nobles progenitours Rois dEn- noble progenitors Kings of gleterre & nient repelleZ foi- England, and not repealed, (hall ent fermement tenuz & gar- be firmly holden and kept in dez en toutz pointz.	all points. _

CAP. II.

Sheriffs fhallbave allowance upon their accompts of things

cafual.

ITEM qe toutz les vifeontz TTEM, That all the (he-4 inft. I07# dEngleterre eient allouance X riffs of England (hall have Sheriffs (ball fur lour accompts par lour allowance upon their accompts, have aUow* ferementes des chofes cafuels by their oaths, of things ca- . . come des extretz qe ne fon- fual, as of eftreats that be* accompts,r nent ne courgent my en fer- not in ferm nor in demand; of thingsea-me nen demande annuell mes (a) but of all fuch things ^,al-	.	r

de toutz ceux chofes qe fon- that be or run in yearly ferms * Sw*d. nent ou courgent en tieux or yearly demands, they (hall fermes annuelx ou demandes be charged to the King, as annuelx foient ils char§ez en- the (heriffs have been charg-vers le Roi come les vifeontz ed in that cafe in times pafl. ont eftez chargez devant ces heures en le ca$.

CAP. III.

No man Jhall make any pattens of afpe, upon pain of an bun* dred Jhillings.

ITEM, That the patenmakers in the realm of England, from E* henceforth (hall make no patens nor clogs of timber called afpe, upon pain to pay to the King a hundred (hillings, at every time that the faid patenmakers make any patens or clogs of the Patenmakers. faid timber. And that every man that will fue for the King, R	.

(hall have the one half of the painfo forfeit, fo that the fletchers	J

through

Digitized by

Google

4*

i

Servants

wage*.

A confirmation of the fta-tute of 5 H. 4. c. 7. & 9. concerning the ufmg of merchant* ftrang-crs.

Anno quarto Henrici V. f 14 rtf.

through the realm (hall fell their arrows at a more eafy and rea-^ fonable price from henceforth than they were wont.

CAP. IV.

The penalty ajftgned by the ftatute of 12 Rich. ll. cap. 4 for giving or taking of excejjbe wages, fhall be impofed upon the taker only.

ITEM, whereas in a ftatute made at Canterbury, in the time of King Richard the Second, the twelfth year of his reign, certain wages was ordained by the year for bailiffs and other fer-vants of hulbandry, and alfo for other fervants and labourers, as well within cities and boroughs as elfewhere through the realm: and that if any give or take by covenant by the year more than is fpecified in the faid ftatute. That at the first time that they be thereof attainted, as well the givers as the takers (hall pay the excefs fo given, and at the fecond time the double of the excefs fo given: and forafmuch as the givers, when they have been fworn before the juftices of peace, will in no wife prefent fuch excefles,to efehew their own puniftiments, to the great lofsof the King, as of his fines and amerciaments for the concealing, and grievous damage to the lords and other people of the realm, be* caufe of the non due puniftunent of the defaults of fervants and labourers aforefaid a$ the King hath perceived by the complaint of his commons: the fame our fovereign lord the King hath ordained, That the pain of the giver (hall be out in this party, and that the pain contained in the faid ftatute (hall run only upon the taker. And that this ordinance hold place and force till the feaft of Saint Michael next coming, and then till the end of two years then next enfuing.

CAP. V.

How merchant Jtrangers fhall be ufed, and hofts appointed for

them.

ITEM, whereas in a ftatute made in the time of King Henry the Fourth after the con-quefi, the fifth year of his reign, it was ordained and fiablifhed, That all the merchants aliens, of what eflate or condition they be, coming, abiding, or refident within the realm of England, should be entreated and demeaned within the fame realm in the fame form, manner, and condition, as the merchants denizens be or Jhall be entreated or demeaned in the parts beyond the fea, and in no other manner, upon pain to forfeit to the King all the goods and chattels of the faid merchants aliens. (2)

ITEM come en un eftatut ' fait en le temps del Roy Henry quarte puis le conqueft lan de fon regne quint ordeine fuit & eftablie qe toutz les mer-chantz aliens ae quell eftat ou condition qils foient venantz demorantz ou repairantz deinz le roialme dEngleterre foient traitez & demefnez deinz mef-me le roialme en manere four-me & condition come les mer-chantz deinfzeins font ou fer-ront traitez ou demeftiez es parties de par dela & en null autre manere fur peine de for-faire a Roi toutz le? biens it chateux des ditz merchantz a-liens

Digitized by Google

49

I4I&]

liens & fur peine demprifone-tnent de$ corps de mefmes les merchantz aliens. Et enfement ordeine fait k eftablie en temps du dit nadgiirs Roi Henry en-tre autres chofes pir eftatut qen chefcun Ncitee ville & port du meer dEngleterrc ou les ditz merchantz aliens & eftran-ges font ou ferront repairantz foient affignez a mefmes les merchantz fufficeantz hofties par les mairs vifcontz ou bail-lives des ditz villes & ports du meer & qe les ditz merchantz aliens he eftranges ne foient de-murantz en autre lieu finon ovefqe les ditz hofties enfi a afiignerz & qe thefrries les hofties enfi a afiignerz preignent pur lour travaill en manere qe fait accuftumez en auncien temps. Et pur tant qe noftre feignur le Roi ad entendu qe mefmes les eftatutz nont efte tnifez en execution Si voet &

Sante mefine noftre feignur le oitrefloverain qe ycellesefta-tutz foient firmement tenuz &

Anno quarto Henrici V.

And alfo it Wils ordained andffo-blijbed in the time df the fata late King Henry, amongfl other things, by Jlatute, That in every city, town, and port of the fea ^England, where the faid merchants aliens or Jlrangers be, or Jhall be repairing, fufficient hojls /ball be aligned to the fame merchants by the mayors9 Jhsriffs^ or bailiffs of the faid cities, towns% and ports of the fea\ (3} and. that the merchants aliens and Jlrangers Jhall not remain in other places, but with the faid hojls fo to be affign+ ed 5 and that the fame hojls fo to be affigned Jhall take for their labour in the fame manner as was accuflomed of old time:. (4) and for that our lord the King hath perceived that the fame ftatute* have not been put in due execution. he willeth and grant-eth, That the fame ftatute* (hall be firmly holddoand kept in all points, and put in dud execution from henceforth ad-cording to the purport of the fame.

gardez en toutz points & mys

en due execution de ceo enavaunt folonc la contenu en ycclles;

CAP. VI.

Penalty on Irifh prelates for collating an IrHhman to it benefice in England, or bringing an Irifhman to parlia* ment to difcovet the counfel of Engliftimen to rebels.

ITEM, whereas it was ordained in the time of the King's tx edit.ftaft.

noble progenitors, by a ftatute made of the land of Ireland, Ireland* *That none of the Irifh nation (hould be chofen by election to Intonation, an archbifhop, bifhop, abbot or prior, nor in none other mam-ner received nor accepted to any dignity or benefice within the Promotion, faid land j and now of late many fuch Irijh people, by force of Collation, certain letters of licence to them made by the King’s lieutenants Lieutenant in there, to accept and receive fuch dignities and benefices, be Ireland, promoted and advanced to archbiihops and bifhops within the laid land, which alfo make their collations to Irijh clerks of the dignities and benefices there, againft the form and effedt of the faid ftatute: and whereas they be faid peers of the parliament in the fame land, they bring with them to the parliaments and councils holden there, Irijh fervants, whereby the privities of the Engli/bmen within the fame land have been and be daily difn V ol. Ill,	E	covered

Digitized by

Google

*o

3 H.5. c.6.

Anno quarto Henrici V.	[141^.

covered to the Irifh people, rebels to the King, to the great peril and mifchief of the Kine’s lawful liege people in the lame land: our fovereign lord the King that now is, defiring for the fame to provide remedy, for the furety of his faithful fubje<5ts, by the aflent of the lords afbrefaid, and’ at the requeft of the fata commons, will and granteth. That the faid ftatute (hall (land In his whole force, and well and duly be kept and fully executed upon his grievous indignation. And mpreover he hath ordained and ftablilhed, by the aflent and requeft aforefaid. That if any fuch archbilhops, biftiops, abbots, or priors, of the Irifh nation, rebels to the King, have in times paft made, or from henceforth fhall make any collations or prefentments to benefices of holy church in the faid land of Ireland, againft the form of the fame ftatute, or bring, with them any Irifh rebels amongft the EngUJb-men> to the parliaments, councils, or other aflemblies, within the fame land, to know the privities and dates of the faid Eng-lijhmeny and the fame to dilcover to the faid rebels, that then maintenant from time to time, all their temporaries (hall be feifed into the King’s hands, there to remain till they have made fines to the King in this part. And alfo that all the lieutenants of the King and of his heirs in the faid land of Ireland* be utterly defended and reftrained from henceforth, to' have any manner of power to give or to grant any fuch benefices or pardons in the cafe of Irifh perfons, not EngTifh. And that all fuch licences not executed, made and granted by the King’s lieutenants in the fame land before this time, ana alfo to be granted by them hereafter,' (hall be void and of no force nor value.

C A P. VII.

In what cafes letters of marque may be granted.

ITEM, becaufe our fovereign lofd the King hath heard and conceived, at the grievous complaint of the commom of his realm in this parliament, for that in refpefi of a fatute made at his parliament b'olden at Leicefter the la/l day of April, the feconi year of his reign, in which fatute is contained, That the breeding of truce and effafe conducts, and willing receity abet-menty procuremcnty counfely hiring, fuftainingy and maintaining tf breakers of truce y and of the fafe conducts of the King our lordy to be made by his liege people from henceforth within the realm of England and Ireland, and the comtry of Wales, upon the main feay fhall be judged and determined for high treafon done againjl the crown

ITEM pur ceo qe le Roi no-ftre foverain feignur ad oiez. & concieu a la grievous com-pleint de la comminalte de fon roialme en ceft prefent parle-ment de ceo qe par cau(e dun eftatuit fait en fon parlement tenuz a Leyceftre le darrein jour dAverili lan de fon regne feconde en quel eftatut il eft contenuz qe les romperies des trieues & faufconduitz & volun-tries receit abettement procurement confeil lower fufte-nance & maintenance des rom-pours de trieues & faufconduitz du Roi noftre foverain feignur. par fes lieges affaires delors en*-avant dedeinz les roialmes dEn-

Srrre & Irland & la pails de es & far le haut meer ibi-•ent

Di< !,ed by ^.ooQle

14*6.]	Anno	quarto	HeNRICi	V,	51

ent ajuggez & terafinez pur crown and the King's dignity;	'

haut trailon fait encontre la co- (2) by reafon of which Jlatutey rone & dignite du Roi a caufe though the King's fubjefts be fa de quell eftatut combien qe les 'much grieved againji the trucey fubgitz du Roi foient grevez that they dare not provide remedy encountre les trieues ils noo- by way of aftyfor that the King’s ftnt foy purvoier de . remedie enemies, as well in the parts be-par voie de fait purtant les en- yond the feay as in the realm of nemvs du Roy noftre foverain Scotland, have hereof taken great feignur fibien es parties depar courage to grieve the King s faiths dela la meer come en roiaume fill liege people, in flaying Jome of dEfcoce en ont pris graunde them> and in taking fome of them1 corage de grever les foialx lieges prifonersy and alfo taking their du Koy en tuant afcuns de eux goods and chattels, againji the tele afeuns en priegnaunt prifo- nor of the truce, as well upon the ners & auxi en priegnant lour main fcay as upon the marches of biens & chateux encountre le Scotland, whereof the faid com-tenure des trieues fibien fur le mons have humbly bejeeched out liaut meer come en les mar- faid fovereign lord the King to ches dEfcoce defuifdit dont le provide remedy; (3) the King Letters of fuifiditcomtninaltehumblement willing, as well in this cafe as marque (hall ad fupplie noftre dit feignur le in other, to take order for the tfthe l° Roi de remede voillant le Roi indemnity of his liege people King's ftrb- ’ noftre dit feignur en ceo cas & and faithful fubjedts, hath de- jefts with * autres toutditz purvoier a lin- dared in this prefent paflia- whom truce dempmtee de fes lieges & foi- ment, That or all attempts aux fubgitz ad dedarez en ceft made by his enemies upon any prefent parlement qe de toutz of his faithful liege people, a-artemptatz faitz par fes ertne- gainft the tenor of any truce mys fur afcuns de fes foialx taken before this time, wherein lieges encountre le tenure dau- is no exprefs mention faade, cunes trieuves devant ces heu- that all marques andreprifals res prifes en les quelles neft (hall ceafe, the fame our fove-pas fait exprefle mention qe reign lord the King wiljrgrant toutz marques rcprifailles cefle- marque in due form to all them ront mefme noftre feignur le that feel themfelvestirfvfhis cafe Roi a toutz qi lour fentiront grieved, (4) and oilr faid lord entiel cas grevez voet graun- the.King will do the Tike to all tier marque en due forme & his liege people that feel them, pareillement ferra noftre dit grieved againft the tenbr of any feignur le Roi a toutz fes lieges truce, which betwixt him and qi fe fentiront grevez encontre any of his enemies (hall be le tenure daucuns trieuves qe newly taken hereafter. (5) And The manner centre luy & aucuns fes ene- to the greater comfort erf his how t0 obtain mys ferront de novel prifez en faithful liege people, to the in- cirque. temps avenir. Et a la greindre tent that they may the more ^ confolation de fes ditz foialx readily, and without long delieges au fyn qils purront pluis lay, have remedy in this cafe, preftement & fanz longes de- the fame our lord the King laies avow remede en ceo cas will, That if he or they that voet mefrae noftre feignur le feel them grieved againft the

Roi E 2	tenor	1

,	*	Digitized	by	VjOOvLC

52	Artncf	quarto	Henrici V.	[1416.

itnor and form of fuch truce Roi qe cellui ou ceux qi fe fen-within the realm of England^ tira ou fentiront grevez en-out of the faid marches of Siot- countre le teneur & fourme dc ldni\ or upon the fea, or in the# tielles trieuves dedeins le roi-parties beyond the fea, (hall* alme dEngleterre hors de les complain to the keeper of the fuifditz marches dEfcoce ou fur privy feal, which for the time le meer ou es parties pardela fhall be, who after fuch com- foy compleindra ou complein-plaint heard and perceived, dront au gardein du prive feal thereof (hall make to the party qi pur le temps ferra qi tiel complainant (if he the fame compleint oiee & entendue ent require) letters of fequeft under ferra pur la partie compleig-the privy feal in a due form, nante lettres de requeft foutz And if, after fuch requeft made,	le prive feal en due fourme. Et

the party required do not make,	(i apres tiel requeft faite la par-

within a convenient time, due	tie requife ne ferra dedeinz

reftitution or fatisfa<ftion to the	temps covenable due reftitution

party grieved, then the chan-	ou fatisfadtion a la partie gre-

cellor of England for the time	vee adonqes le chaunceller

being (hall caufe to be made to	dEngleterre pur le temps eftc-

fuch party grieved (if he that	ant terra faire a tiele partie gre-

demand) letters of marque un-	vee fi le voet demander lettres

der the great feal in a due	de marque defoutz le grande

Letters of	form. (6) And as for remedy	feal en due fourme. Et qant a

marque where to be ordained for the King’s	purveance de remede pur les

P*0!^ fubjedts, that lieges & fubgiz du Roi qi fe or the marches fceJ them grieved in the realm	fentont ou fentiront grevez en

thereof.	of Scotland, or in England at the	dit roiaume dEfcoce ou en En-

Jtepealed by marches joining to Scotland,	gleterre es marches adjoignantz

4	Jac.i.c.i. fo agai|ift the form of fuch truce	au dit roiaume dEfcoce countre

cerns tb/pco- ** a^orc ls kid, out lord the	la forme de delles trieuves

pie of Scot-	King Khali give power by com-	come defluis le Roy noftre fei-

Und.	million to the wardens, as well	gnur dourra poair par commif-

of the Eaft marches, as of the	fion as gardeins fibien de lEft

Weft marches, toward Scotland,	marche come de la Weft mar-

and to every of them, to hear	che vers Efcoce & a chefcun de

the complaints of all them his	eux pur oier les compleints de

liege people and fubjedts which	toutz yceux de fes lieges &

be or (hall be grieved* and to	fubgiz qi enii font ou ferront

caufe thereupon to be made re-	grevez & pur faire fur ceo eftre

queft by letters to be delivered	faite requeft par lettres a bailler

to him which hath done, or	a cellui qi ad ou avera fait la

fhall do, fuch grievance, or to	grevance ou a gardein de la

the wardens of the marches, or	marche ou confervatour de les

confervator of the truce of the	trieves pur la partie dEfcoce fi

parties of Scotland, if he may	fc purra bonement faire ou au-

well do it; or othenvife to	trement de faire proclamation

make proclamation in open	en lieux publiks fur la marche

Slaces upon the marches, that	qe cellui ou ceux qi avera ou

e or tney which have done	averont fait tiels grevances en-

fuch grievances againft the	countre les trieuves ent faceou

truce	facent

Digitized by ^ooQle

iacent due reftitution ou fatis-fadion a la partie grevee & fils ne le facent point dedeins temps covenable adonqes al infiance de chefcun des lieges & fubgiz du Roi, noftre feignur qi en fente ou en fentira eftre gre-veez en tiel cas pur y douner kttres de marque en aue four-me defoutz les fealx des ditz gardeins ou defoutz le feal de cellui de eux a qi la compleinte ferra faite en ceo cas fanz difficult* aucune.

truce, (hall make due refiitu-tion or fatisfaltion to the party grieved ; (7) and if they do it not within a convenient time, then at the inftance of every of the King’s liege people and fubjelts, which thereof feeleth, or (hall feel himfelf grieved ifi fuch cafe, letters of marque be

Sven in due form under the als of the faid wardens, or under his feal to whom the complaint (hall be made in this cafe, without any dif§r culty.

53

CAP. VIII.

The King's pardon of the fuit of bis peace, and of certain i iffuts loft.

ITEM, our faid Sovereign lord the King, for bis fpecial grace. Ex edit. Rift* by the afient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the Pardo*, requeft of the commons, being in this parliament; hath re-leafed and pardoned to all his liege people, and to every of them, all manner of fines, ififues, and amerciaments, and all other forfeitures, pains, pecuniar debts and demands, to the (um of twpnty-iix (hillings eight pence and under, till the xix. day of Oftober* which was the first day of this parliament, fallen,-determined, or to be determined. Alfo he hath pardoned all manner of fines and amerciaments of, and for all manner of trefpalfes, offences, mifprifions, contempts, confpiracies, confederacies, negligences, ignorances, concealments, and deceits, done or perpetrate before the faid nineteenth day, for which any fine or amerciament is or (hall be aflefled in time to come to the faid fum and under. And alfo chattels of fugitives and felons, waifes and firays, and the chattels of thofe that be outlawed, and chattels of felons of themfelves, which to the King pertaineth, or which for any of the faid caufes in any manner may pertain before the faid xix. day, to the fum aforefaid and underneath forfeit, and of outlawries, if any in the King’s liege people, or any of them by fuch enchefon be pronounced. Provided always that none enjoy the benefit of this pardon, which is or (hall oe charged, or chargeable over the faid fum, for the caufes aforefaid, or any of them. And moreover, our faid fo-vereign lord the King of his fpecial grace, hath releafed and pardoned to his faid lubjelts, the fuit of his peace, which to nim againft them pertaineth, becaufe pf any treafon done or perpetrate by them or any of then) before the faid xix. day of Odobify for breaking of the King’s truce and fafe conduits.

And alio the outlawries, if any againft them or any of them be pronounced by fuch enchefons. And alfo the King will. That fv^ry of his faid liege people,, as well of the county palatine of

E 3	l*Qncafter%

Digitized by

Lancqflery oj* elfewhere within the realm of EnglandKdiall enjoy this pardon without fuing charter or writ in this behalf.

A ftatute made at Weftminftcry Anno 5 Hen. V. and Anno Dom. 1417.

All perfons until the next parliament may make their attornies in wapentakes, hundreds, and court barons.

Ex edit. Raft. TTEnry King, &c. to the (heriff of Yorkjhire greeting. KnoWi Attorney. JLA thou that in our parliament laft holden at Wijiminjlery it was ordained and granted, That all our liege people, as well religious as fecular, and every of them, might till the next parliament make their attornies, where attpmies do lie in their proper perfons, in any plea of debt, trefpafs, or other contra#, mpved or to be moved in any wapentakes, hundreds, and court barons through the realm, before the ftewards there, or their deputies, to win or to lofe the fame pleas. And if any fuch ftewards refufe to admit fuch attornies, then they and every of , them at every time of fuch refufal, (hall forfeit to Us forty (hillings. And therefore We command thee, That thou do the faid ordinance in all places of thy county, where (hall be tnoft expedient and neceffary, openly to be proclaimed and ob-ferved, according to the form and effe# of the fame : witnefe sH.5.ftat,2. John duke of Bedford, protestor of England, at Wejlminjler the c.*.	xvi day of Januaryy the fifth year of our reign.

A ftatute made at Wejiminftery Anno 7 Men. V. and Anno Dom. 1419.

A remedy againft tbofe that indift others of felony committed! in a place where there is none fuch. Procefs againft makers y (Ac. of falfe deeds.

HENRY King ^/England, TTENRICUS dei gratia Rex

&c, to his chancellor in the JLjL Anglie & Francie & do-county palatine of Lancafter, minus Hibemie cancellario fuo greeting. Know ye, That foraf- comitatus palatini Lancaftrie much as divers men of malice and falutem. Sciatis quod pro eo envy, and for gain and revenge, . quod gentes nonnulle ex mali-have often caufed to be indifted tia & inimicitia ac propter lu7 and appealed divers of our true crum & vindiefcam diverfos fi-liege peopley of treafons or felonies deles ligeos noftros de proditi-in the county of Lancafter, pre- onibus five feloniis in comitatu tending by tbofe appeals and indift- „ Lancaftrie frequentius indidtari mentSy that the Jaid treafons or & appellari fecerunt pretenden-" felonies were committed in a ccr- tes per appella feu indidlamenta

tain	ilia

Digitized by

«4»9*r

Anno fepthno HEfcarci V:

55

fllat quod prfcdiCte proditiones aut felonie perpetrate fuerunt in certo loco uiu ,de veritate ta-lie iocus in comitatu predido in quo appellum vel indiCta-mentum raCtum exiftit non ha-betur ad grave dampnum & periculum ligeorum noftrprum hujufmodi confiderato quod quidam fic appellati & indiCtati coram jufticiar’ ad refpondend’ inde ob metum verberationis mahcmii feu interfe&ionis eo-nindem per ipforum appello-rum feu indiChunentorum con-fpiratores aut ea fieri procu-rantes in propriis perfonis com-parere non audent prout per com munitatem regni noftri Anglie in ultimo parliamento nomo apud Wcftm’ tento ex-iftentem per petitionem fuara in parliamento illo exhibitam fuerat graviter conquerendo monftratum ordinatum extitit in eodem parliamento de af-fenfu prelatorum procerum & magnatum diCti regni noftri Anglie ibidem exiftentium ad roquifitionem diCte communi-tati» pro communi utilitate & quiete populi ejufdem regni noftri quod quilibet juftitianus qui ad hujufmodi proditiones & felonias infra comitatum pre-didhim audiendum & termi-nandum poteftatem habet per facramentum duodecim viro-ruro quorum quilibet liberum tenementum in prcdiCto comitatu valoris annui centum foli-dorum ultra reprifas optineat priufquam exigenda adjudicata fuerit abfque partis allegatione tam in partis abfentia quam prefentia inquirat ex officio u-trum aliquis talis locus eft in comitatu ubi appella feu in-diCtamenta ilia funt fadta five facienda necne. Et fi comper-tumTuerit quod talis locus non habe-

tain place, where of truth no ftitb place is had in the [aid county where the faid appeal and indictment is made, to the great damage and peril of fuch our liege people, confedtrirtg that feme fo appealed and indicted dare not appear before the juflices in their proper perjons, to anfwer thereof, for fear of beating, maiming. or killing of them, by the confpirators or pro-curors of the fame appeals and in-diCtments, as by the commons of the realm of England, in our lajl parliament hollen at Weftmin-fter, by their petition there exhibited, grievoufly complaining, was Jhewed: (2) it is ordained in 9 H. 5* ftat.*. the fame parliament, by the ^k.e.c.n. aflent of the prelates and great a remedy a*-men of the fame realm there gainft thofe being, at the requeft of the faid that do ^did commons, for the common ^7r^fa profit and quietnefe of the peo- ron or felony pie of the fame realm, That committed in every juftice which hath power alP,ace within to hear and determine fuch trea- L^ncaftc? °* fons and felonies within the whereas there faid county, by the oath of is no fuch twelve men (of whom every place* one fhall have freehold in the fame county to the vearly value of an hundred millings a-bove all charges) before that the exigent be awarded, without allegation of the party, as well in the party’s abfence as his prefence, (hall inquire of office, whether any fuch place be in the county where fuch appeals or indictments be made, or to be made, or not; (3) and if it be found that there is no fuch place within the fame county, then fuch appeals and indictments, and the procefs thereupon made, or to be made,

(hall be void, and holden for none ; and that in fuch cafe the indiCtors aforefaid be punched by imprifonment, fine,

E 4	and

Digitized by L^ooQle

Anno feptimo Henrici V. [1419.

and ranfom- by the difcretionof habetur mfra cundcm comita-thc find iuftices. (5) And that turn tunc appella & indidta-tbis prelent ordinance and re- menta ipfa & proceflus inde fnedy extend as well to appeals fadus feu faciendus fint vacua and indi&ments not deter- & pro nullis habeantur et quod mined before this time, as to in cafu illo indidhitores predidH. appeals and indi&mcnts to be per imprifonamentum finem & taken hereafter; (6) and if any redemptionem perdiferetionem jpxigent from henceforth be a- juftitiariorum preduftorum pu-warded, before that fuch inquiT iiiantur. Et quod prefens or-fition of office, as afore is faid, dinatio & remedipm tam ad fee taken, that the fame exi- appella & indidamenta non de-gent, and the awarding thereof, terminata ante hec tempora be likewife void and holden capta quam ad appella & infer none. Continued bya Hen. c. didamenta in futurum capien-c. 1. made perpetual 18 Hen. 6. da fe extendant & fi que exi-c. 12.	genda antequam hujufmodi in-

Tbe like pro- II. Provided that this pre- quifitio ex officio ut fupradie* Svaidal a-	font ordinance have ftrength,	turn eft capiatur deceterp fuerit

gahiu him"	an^ extend only uhtil the next	adjudicata quod tunc exigenda

th^t maketh	parliament. (2; And alfoknow	et adjudicatio ille fimiliter lint

arid publish	ye. That in the faid parliament,	vacue & pro nullis habeantur.

bl^Ca^ta^and ^ aAent an^ requeft afore- Provifo quod prefens ordi-Exigcnt^asTn	was	ordained	and	efta-	natio vigQrem habeat & fe exwrits of tref-	bliffied, That in writs to be	tendat ufque ad parliaments*- ’	purchased againft thofe that	turn proximo futurum dun-

^fP*5£l c*l4*	forge or make untrue charters	taxat. Et ulterius feiatis quod

or miniments, and them pro-	in parliam^nto predijSo de af-

plaim, or caufe to be read, like	fetffu & requifitione predi&is

procefs (hall be made by Capias	ordinatum feerat & ftatutuiri

hnd exigent, as in writs of tref-	quod in brevibus verfus eos qui

?afs. (3) And therefore we	fabricant feu faciunt cartas five

ommand you, fimrtly enjoin-	munimenta minus vera & ea

jng, That immediately after	proclamant & legi faciunt per-

frhe fight hereof, you caufe this	quirendis fiat proceflus confi-

ftatute and ordinance openly to	milis per Capias & exigendam

be proclaimed in the places	ut in brevibus de tranfgreflione.

within the fame county where	Et idep vobis mandamus firmi-

fhall be moft expedient and ne-	ter injungentes quod ftatim vi-

ceffary, as well within liberties	fis prefentibus ordinationem &

as without *, (4) and that alfo	ftatutum predi&a in locis infra

you caufe all and Angular our	comitatum ilium ubi magis ex-

juftices, having power to hear	pediens fuerit & necefle tam

and determine felonies and	infra libertates quam extra pub-

jtreafons within the faid county,	lice prodamari demandetis nec-

fully to be inftruded, and with-	non omnes & fingulos juftitia-

out delay to be certified of the	rios noftros poteftatem audien-

feid ordinance and fiatute by	di & terminandi felonias & pro-

your letters, containing the te-	ditiones infra comitatum pre-

nour of the fame. Witnefs, bfc.	diftum habentes de di&is ordi-

£hc fixteenth day of December, natione & ftatuto per literss.

tlie	veftras

Digitized by

Google

the (Seventh year of our reign. {5) And by petition in the parliament holden at Wejlminjier the fecond day of December, the eighth year of the fame King, a Tike writ was made ; faving that the Tejle of the fame writ was, Witnefs Humfrey duke of Gloueefter, protestor of England, at Wefminfter^ the tenth day of January, the eighth year, &c.

veftras tenorem eorundem am-tinentes plenarie inftrui & cer-tihcari faciatis indilate. Tefte * Johanne duce Bedfordie cuftodc Anglie apud Weftm’ x. die De-cembr* anno regni noftri feptimo.

•Humfrido duce Glouceftrie cuf-tode Anglie, &c. decimo die Tanua-rii anno o&avo, &£.--Nova ftatuta.

REX vicecomitibus London' falutem. Sriatis quod pro eo quod gcn-tes.&c. ut fupraufque—ut in brevibus de trail ferefiione. Et tunc lie: Et ideo vobis precipimus firmiter injungentes quod &c. ut fupra ufque ibi Sc necefle et tunc fic—publice proclametis feu proclamari faciatis. Tefte ut iupra. *

Confirm! ia brevia diriguntur Angulis vicecomitibus per Angliam.

5f

A ftatute made at	Wefiminfie8 Hen. V.

and	Anno Dom. 1420.

AU parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le fecond jour de Decernbr’ lan du reigne le

A

Roy Henry quint puis le con-

2ueft oeptifnie mefine noftre agnur le Roy del aflent des feignurs efpirituelx & tempo-relx & a les efpeciale inftance & requeft des communes af-femblez a ceo mefme parlement fift ordeiner & eftablir certeins eftatutz & ordinances en la fourme qenfuit.

CAP.

T the parliament holden at Weftminfter the fecond day of December, the eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Fifth, the fame our lord the King, by the ajfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the fpecial inflame and requejl of the commons affembled in the fame parliament , hath caufed to be ordained and eftablifbed certain ftatutes and ordinances, in the form following.

I.

Parliament writs being awarded in the name of the King's lieutenant, Jhall not be fayed by the King's return into England.

FIRST, forafmuch as by the grace of God a final peace was late taken betwixt the King bur fovereign lord and the King of France his father in fuch form. That our faid fovereign lord the King (hall be named heir and regent of the realm of France, during the life of his faid father, and (hall have the governance of the fame. And after the death of his father, the (aid realm and crown of France (hall remain to our fovereign lord the King, and to his heirs for ever. It is very likely. That for the Parliament* jp>od governance as well of the realm of France as of this realm L	<	of

Digitized by v^ooQle

**

Anno, oftavo Henrici V. [*4*0.

of England, our faid fovereign lord the King fome time (hall be on this fide the fea, and fome time beyond the fea,according as bed (hall feem to his fage difcretiori for the better governance at the one realm and the other : therefore it is ordained and eftar-bJilhed, That if in time to come our faid fovereign lord the King, being beyond the fea, caufe to fummon his parliament in this realm by his writs under the (tefte) of his lieutenant, which how is or which for the time (hall be, and after the fummont of fuch parliaments gone out of the chancery, our fovereign lord the King arrive in this realm, that for fuch arrival of the feme our fovereign lord, fuch parliament (hall not be difiolved, but in the fame afterward our fovereign lord the King (hall proceed without new fummons of the fame.

CAP. II.

Certain gold or Jilver Jhall be brought to the mint inftead of 1wool or tin tranfporteeL

Wools. TTEM, it is ordained and eftablifhed, That every merchant Bullion.	A ftranger buying wools in England to bring them to the weft

m#	parts or elfewhere, not coming to the ftaple, there to be fold,

(hall bring to the mafter of the mint of the tower of London of every feck, one ounce of bullion of gold, and in the fame manner of three pieces of tin, one ounce of bullion of gold, or the value in bullion of filyer, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame wools and tin, or the value of the feme to the King.

Wbat things only may be gilaed, and what laid on with diver.

5 H^c.13.

h	CAP. III.

What things only may be gilded, and what laid on with

Jilver.

ITEM, That none from henceforth (hall gild any (heaths, nor metal, but filver, and the ornaments of holy church ; (2) nor (hall filver no metal but knights fpurs, and all the apparel that per-taineth to a baron, and above that eftate, upon pain of forfeiture to the King ten times as much as the thing fo gilt is of value, and (hall have alfo one year’s imprifonment. (3) And the juftices of peace (hall have power to inquire thereof, and that to determine. (4) And he that will fue for the King in this behalf, (hall have the third part of the faid pecuniary pain.

II. Provided, That this laft ordinance (hall begin to hold place

ITEM qe nulle perfone e-norre en temps avenir af-» cuns dez gemes appelles (he* thes ne metaille finon argent & les ornaments de feint efelife ne argente null metaille foripria les efperons dcs chivalers & tout lapparaille qe appertient au baron be defurs celle eftate fur peine de forfaire au Roy dys foitz a tant comelachofe iflint enorree foit de value & avera auxi lempriionement dun an. Et eient juftices de la pees po-air dent enquerrer & ceo icr* miner et celuy qi ferra la fuit pur le Roy cede partie ait la terce partie de la dit peine pe-cuniere.

Purveu qe ceft darrain or* deinance comencera a tenir lieu

alt

Digitized by C^ooQle

Anqo qoao H?.nrici V.	59

a le feft de Paflc profchein avc- place at the feaft of Eajler next „ .

Kir.	comipg:	iH	+ ClJ-

Satutes made at Weftminfler, Anno 9HEN.V. ft at.'1. and Anno Dorn. 1421.

AU parlement tenuz a A T the parliament holden at Weftm’ le feconde jour Jl\. Weftminfler thefeamdday de Maii lan du reigne del Roy of May, the ninth year of the Henry quint puis, le conqueu reign of King Henry the Fifth noevefine mefme noftre feignur after the conquefl; the fame our le Roy del aflent des feignurs lord the King, by the ajfent of the efpirituelx & temporelx & a les lords fpiritual and temporal> and efpeciale inftance Sc requeft des at the fpecial inflame and requejl communes aflemblez a ceo of the commons, affemhled in the mefme parlement fift ordeiner Jame parliament, hath caufed to be & eftablir certeine eftatutz & ordained and eftablifhed certain* ordinances en la fourme qeri- Jlatutes and ordinances in the form fuift.	following.

CAP. I.

A continuance of the Jlatute of 7 Hen. 5. touching indiB*

ments.

EN primes pur ceo qe plu*-feurs gents par malice enemite & vengeance facent fovent foitz les foialx lieges du Royeftre appellez ou enditez eo diverfes countes des traifons ou de felonies fuppofant par les ditz appelles ou enditefnents qe les ditz traifons he felonies fu-rent faitz en un certein lieu Ja ou il nad tiel lieu en cell coun-

FIRST, That the ftatute 7 made in the parliament holden at Wejlminjler in the feventh year of die reign of our faid lord the King, touching appeals and indi&ments, ftand in his force, and hold place, till the next parliament/ to be holden after the King's Made perpe-return from beyond the fea into.tual by 18H.6. England.

c.ia.

tpe ou lenditpmcnt eft fait ne tiel lieu come eft ou ferra declaree par les ditz appelles ordeines ell qe les ditz appelles & enditementz & le proces dicelles foient voidez & tenuz pur null et qe les ditz appelles ou enditez poient avoir brieves dp confpiracie verp lour enditours procurours Sc confpiratours ic recoverer lour damages & qc les ditz enditours procurours & confpiratours foient auxipuniz par emprifonement fyn & raunceon pur avantage du Roy pardiferetion dez juftices. Et qp ceft ordinance & remedie {extendent auxibien des appelles hi enditementz prifez devaunt ces heurs en temps noftre feignur le Roy quoreft nient determinez come des appelles ou endite-ments aprendrerz en temps ayenir et qe ceft ordinance eftoife en fa force tanqe a profchein parlement a tenir puis la revenu noftre d# fejgnur le Roy en Engieterre de pardela.

CAP.

Digitized by

Anno nono Henrici V.

[1421.

60

County of Lancaster. 4 Inft. 51.

County of Chefter.

1 H.4.C.18. .18 H.6.C.13. 20 H.6.c.i. 53H.6.C.2.

Aflifes.

Protection.

Judgement.

CAP. II.

No perfon outlawed in the county of Lancafter Jhall forfeit any lands or goods but fucb as be bath in the fame county.

ITEM, it is ordained. That none of the King’s liege people, againil whom an Exigend (hall be awarded, or outlawed at the I&ng’s fuit from henceforth, or at the fuit of the party in the county of Lancafter, (hall forfeit any of his goods or chattels, lands or tenements in other counties, but only fuch goods and chattels, lands and tenements, which the faid outlaws have in the fame county of Lancafter. Provided always, That the ftatute made the first year of King Henry the Fourth, againft the people of the county of Chefter which do many manilaughters, murders, robberies, batteries, trefpafles and other riots and offences to divers the King’s liege people, (hall (land in his force, notwith-* (landing this prefent ordinance. And that this ordinance (land in his force till the parliament which (hall be first holden after the King’s return into England from beyond the fea.

CAP. III.

Protections granted to them that be in the King’s fervice in Normandy or France, or which Jhall pafs with him into France.

ITEM, whereas the taking of aflifes hath long ceafed throughout the realm, becaufe of an ordinance made by the King at his fecon4 paflage towards the parts of Normandy, and by his council: the King confidering the difeafes and damage, which many of his liege people have had and fuftained by the fame f ceafing, hath commanded. That his juftices (hall hold the aflifes through his realm by the manner accuftomed. And for to efehew the diftierifons of fuch perfons, as now (hall pafs in this prefent voyage of the King our fovereign lord (whom God fpeed) and alfo of, fuch perfons as abide in the King’s fervice in the parts of Normandy and France: it is ordained and provided. That in every protection with the claufe Volumus, to be made for any of the lame perfons, in the claufe of the exception contained in the fame, omiflions (hall be made of thefe words afftfe novel dif feiftn. And that all fuch protection be allowable and allowed for them and every of them, in all the King’s courts and elfe-where, where fuch protection is fet forth for apy fuch perfon, in all pleas of aflifes, as well of novel dtjjeifin as of frejb force, with-' out difficulty : provided always. That the judgments to be given from henceforth in fuch aflifes, arraigned or to be arraigned, (hall not be prejudicial to any of the faid perfons fp abiding in the King’s fervice beyond the fea, (as afore is faid) which have any thing in reverfion or in remainder in the lands or tenements, whereof fuch aflifes be or (hall be arraigned, if they that have in reverfion or remainder in fuch lands and tenements, be npt named in the fame aflifes, but that they be againft them all void. And this ordinance (hall endure tijl the parliament that (hall be

Digitized by LjOOQle

142 k]

Anno nono Henrici V.

61

firft holdcn after the King’s next return into England• And if this ordinance touching the faid perfons fo abiding in the King’s fervice beyond the fea, and alfo touching the faid perfons which have patted and (hall pafs in the faid voyage, be not fufficient for the eafe and furety of them : it is accorded and alfo aflented.

That the lords of the King’s council for the time being (hall have full power by authority of this parliament* to fet, ordain* and provide fuffiaent remeay, for the eafe and furety of all the fame perfons* as for them and every of them (hall leem to the laid lords mod available and expedient in the cafe, according to their good advice and diferetions.	**	*	**

CAP. IV.

2rbe jujiices may amend defaults in records or procefs after judgment given.

ITEM come ordeine fuit & TTEM, whereas it was ordain-

eftable en leftatut fait lan X ed and ejlablijhed in the Jla- c.6.	(

quatorfzifme del Roy E. tierce puis le conqueft qe pur mef-priflon du clerk en qeconqe place qe ceo foit ne foit proceue du plee anientie ne difeontinue par mefprendre en eferivant un lettre ou un filable trop ou trop poy mes fi toft come la choie ferra apercieu par chalange du partie ou en autre manere foit haftiment amendee en due fourme fanz doner avantage au partie qe ceo chalengera pur caufe de tiel mefprifion le Roy noftre foverayn feignur confide-rant la diverfitee doppinions queux len avoit fur le dit efta-tut & pur mettre la chofe en le pluis oveite conifance ad declares & ordeinez au prefent par audorite du ceft parlement qe Ies juftices devaunt queux tiel plee ou recorde eft fait ou ferra pendant (ibien par ad-journement come par voie der-rour ou autrement eient poar Sc autftorite de amender tiels recorde & proces come avaunt eft dit folonc la forme de mef-tne leftatuit fibien apres jugge-ment en tiel plee recorde ou proces renduz come avaunt le juggement renduz en tiel plee lecorde ou proces tant come les

ditz

tute made the fourteenth year of King Edward the Third after the conqueJlJThat for mifprifion of the clerk in any place wherefoever it be, the procefs of the plea should not be avoided nor difeontinued, by miftaking in writing one letter or fyllable too much or too little, (2) out as foon as the thing is per-	:

ceived, by challenge of the party y or in other manner, it should hajlily be amended in a due form, without giving advantage to the party that challengeth the fame becaufe of fuch mifprifion (3) the King Dyer,,4v our fovereign lord, confidering s 00.45. the diverfity of opinions which * have been upon the faid ftatute* and to put the thing in more open knowledge, hath declared and ordained at this time, by authority of this prefent parliament, That the juftices before The juftices whom fuch plea or record is before whom, made, or lhall be depending, default (hall as well by adjournment, as by * forue^ way of error, or otherwife, (hall or procefs have power and authority to may amend amend fuch record and procefs, t^cm as WCJ1 as afore is faid according to the form of the fame ftatute, as well after judgment in any fuch plea, record, or procels given, as before judgment given

Digitized by Google

€t

Anno nono HenRici V.

given in any fuch plea, record, or procefs, as long as the fame record and procefs is before k	them,	in	the fame manner as

the juftices had power to amend* fuch record and procefs before judgment given by force of the faid ftatute made in the time of the faid King Edward\

(4) And that this ordinance endure till the parliament that (hall be first holden after the

tollbJTtu. retum 6f our fovereign lord c.y	the King into England from

&H.6.C.12,15* beyond the fea.

CAP.

[1421.

proces foient

ditz recorde & devaunt eux en .mefme Ie ma-nere come juftices avoient poiar de amendre tielx record & proces avaunt juggement renduz par force del dit eftatuit en temps du ditAoy E. fait come defuis. Et durrera ceft ordinance tanqe a parlement qi ferra tenuz primerement apres la revenue du noftre foveraia feignur en Engleterre dc par-dela.

V.

During four years the King may ajftgn fheriffs, fsfr. to conti* nue in their offices above one year, notwitbftanding tbi ftatute of 14 Edward 3. ftat.i. cap.?.	.1

Exedit.Raft. TTEM, whereas by the ftatute made at Weftminfter the xiv*

1 * A year of King Edward the Third, it was. ordained and efta-blifhed. That no (heriff (hould abide in his bailiwick above one year, and that then another convenient (hould be fet in his place, which (hould have lands fufficient within his bailiwick: and that E&heator* no efcheator (hould tarry in his office above a year. And whereas alfo at the time of the making of the faid ftatute divers valiant and fufficient perfons were in every county of England, to occupy and govern the fame offices well towards the King and all his liege people, for as much that as well by divers peftilences "within the realm of England, as by the wars without the realm, there is Hot now fuch fufficiency : it is ordained and eftabli(hed. That the King, by authority or this parliament^ may make the fheriffs and efcheators through the realm at his will, until the end of four years, except in the counties where certain perfons be inherit in fuch manner offices : the faid term to begin at the netft election of fuch officers, notwithftanding the faid ftatute made the faid xiv. year or any other ftatute or ordinance made to the contrary. And that the fame officers be perfons fufficient and of good fame. And that the (heriffs have due allowance from year to year during the fame term in their accompts, and alfo pardons, that is to lay, fuch as need to have fuch pardons, and that by the advice of the King’s council, and as reafon and, confcience requireth.

CAR VI.

*tbe mint /hall be at Calais.

.	TTEM, the King, for thceafe of the merchants and other re-

Mint’	A fiant	abiding at Calais, and alfo to the encreafe of his

Coinage.	money, will and hath ordained. That his mint and alfo his

coinage (hall be had and ufed within the fame town of Calais*

2	as

k

Digitized by L^ooQle

*42!.]	Anno	nono	Hentrici	V.	6%

as long as (hall pleafe the King : faving to him that that to him of right pertaineth of the mint and coinage afbrefaid.

CAP. VII.

The Jlatute provided 2 H. 5, flat. 1. c. 5. for offenders in Tyndal *#/Exhamftiire, Jhall be extended againji the like *offenders in Rideftale.

ITEM come en le parlement tenuz aLeyceftre le darrein jour dApprill lan del reigne noftre treffoverayn feignur le Roy qoreft feconde a la grevous compleint fait au Roy illoeqes par ceneins fes communes dc ceo qe plufeurs murdres trefons homicides robberies & autres maffaitz as plufeurs fes lieges

Ear gentz demurantz dedeins rs franchifes de Tyndale & Exhamfliire ou brief le Roy ne court mye par favour de celles franchifes furent perpetres a

Sande mefchief & peril des tz lieges du Roy ordeigne fuit & eftable qe fi afcune perfune des ditz franchifes refeant ou demurant deinz ycelles de quelle eftate ou condition il fuifle face murdres trefons homicides on robberies ou cbnfente de les faire hors des ditz franchifes proces foit fait devers luy par la commune ley tanqc il foit utlagee et qe apres tile utlaga-rie pronuncie & retoumce fa-cent ent les juftices devaunt queux tiele utlagarie foit re-toumee certification a tieux mi-niftres ou a tiel miniftre dez fuifditz franchifes come a eux femblera meultz celle partie fo-lonc lour difcretion & foit tiel felon pris par tiel miniftre ou tieux miniftres & fes terres & tenementz biens & chatieux efteantz deinz ycelles franchifes feifiez es mains des feignurs de mefmes les franchifes pur le temps efteantz come forfaitz et qe les autres terres & tene-inentz biens & chatieux de tiel felon

ITEM, whereas in the parlia- » H.5. merit Mien at Leicefter the c 5.

lajl day of April, the fecondyear of the reign of our fovereign lord the King that now isy at the grievous complaint made to himt there by certain of his commons y for that many murders, treafonsy manfiaughtersy robberies, and 0-ther offences were committed by divers of the King's liege people dwelling within the franchifes of Tyndal and Exhamfhire, by favour of the franchife, where the King's writ doth not run, to the gnat mifciief and peril of the faid liege people; (2) it was ordained andjlablijhedy That if any perfon of the fame franchifes, resident and abiding within the famey of what ejlate or condition that he bey commit any mnrdersy treafonsy manJhughterSy robberies y or confent to do the fame out of the faid franchifes, procefs Jhall - be made againji him by the common law till he were outlawed;

(3)	and that after fuch outlawry pronouncedy and return made thercofy the jujlices before whom fuch outlawry Jhall be returnedy should thereof make certificate to fuch minfier and minfiers of the faid franchifesy as to them bejl should feem in this behalfy according to their difcretion \ (4) and fuch felon Jhall be taken by fuch mint/ler or minfiersy and his. lands and tenementj, goods and chattehy being within the fame franchifesy fefed into the hands of the lords of the fame franchifes for the time being, as forfeit j

(5)	and that the other lands and

tene-

Digitized by

p Felons called Intakers and Outputters.

The lUtute provided iH. 5 ftat.i.c.c. again ft often' ders in Tin-dale and Ex-h am (hi re (hall be extended' aeainft the like offenders in Ridefdale.

Anno nono HfefcRiei V.	[ 14a	r*

tenements, goods and chattels of fuch felons out of the fame fran-shifts, Jhall wljolly remain to the King, and to other lords having thereof franchifes, as forfeit;

(6)	Javing always to the King the forfeitures of fuch murderers, traitors, manflaycrs, robbers, and all fuch offenders, and of other things, which to him pertain as of the right of his crown. (7) And forafmuch as like murders, treajons, manflaughters, robberies, confents, and ojfernes by divers perfons, thieves, and felons, called Intakers and Outparters, * dwelling* within the franchife of Ridefdale, in which franchife the King's writ doth not run, as it is faid, have been done now of late in divers places in the counties ^/“Northumberland, Cumberland, Weftmoreland, and elfewhere out of the fame franchife of Ridefdale, by favour and fuccour of the fame franchife, whereof no redrefs towards them hath been had by tne laws heretofore ufed, to the great mifchief, peril, and damage of the people fo grieved, as our fovcreign lord the King, by the grievous complaint to him made in this prefent parliament, hath fully perceived: (8) our faid fbvereign lord the King, willing to remedy the fame, hath ordained and ftablifhed in the fame parliament, That fuch procefs, certificate, and execution (hall be made hereafter againft fuch murderers, man-flayers, robbers, confenters, ana offenders, abiding or refi-dent within the faid franchife of Ridefdale, for their offences done out of the faid franchife of Ridefdale. (o) And alfo fuch manner of forfeitures fliaJl run in all points, as well to our fovereign lord the King, as to all other perfons, as it was ordained

felon efteantz hors' de mefmeif les franchifes demurgent en-tierement au Roy & as autre* feignurs aiantz ent franchife come forfaitz falvant toutz foitXr au Roy les forfeitures dautiel* murdrours traitoursr homift— dours robbours & autres mafias fours queconqes & dautree' chofes queux a luy appertei-gnent come de droit de fa co-rone. Et pur tant qe fembla-bles murdres trefons homicides robberies confentementgi & maffaites par diverfes per-fones larons Sc felons appellez Intakers & Outputters demu-rantz deinz fa franchife de Ridefdale en quele franchife le brief du Roy ne court mye come eft dit ont eftee feitz ja-tard en diverfes lieus en les countees de Northumbr* Cumbr* Weftmerr & ail lour* hors de mefme la franchife de Ridefdale par favour & focour de mefme la franchife dont null redrefee vers eux nad eftee eu par les leies. ceo enarere ufez a trefgraunde mefehief peril & damage a le poeple iffint grevez come le Roy par cla-mous pleint a luy fait en cefte prefent parlement lad pleine-ment entendu. Noftre fove-raigne feignur voillant ceo re-medier (i ad ordeignes & efta-blez en ceo mefme parlement

3e autieux proces certification : execution foient feitz defore enavaunt vers tieux murdrours traitours homicidours robbours confentours & maffefours de-murantz ou refeantz dedeinz la dit franchife de Ridefdale pur caufe de lour maffaitz faitz dehors mefme la franchife de Ridefdale. Et auxi tieux manors forfeitures encourgent en toutz pointz fibien envers le Roy come envers toutz autres

per-

*4&})	.	Anno	nonO	Henrici V.	6$

fone* oomefuit ordeigne vers dained for the faid offenders of kn ditz meffafours de Tyn- Tyndal and Exhamflnrt by the dale & Exhamfhire par le dit faid ftatute made at Leicef-eftatuit fait a Leyceftre & fo- ter, and according to the form lone la foilrtnc & equite de and equity of the fame ftatute; mefme leftatuit falvant toutz (io) faving always to the King foitz au Roy ceo qe a Iuy ap- that which pertaineth to him in pertient cedes parties come de this behalf, as of the right of nH.7^.9* droit de facorone.	his Crown.	14EI.C.13.

CAP. VIII.

Certain fcholars ^Oxford to be banijhei the Univerfity for certain offences.

ITEM, becaufe that many clerks ani fcHolars of the univer- edit. Raft* fity of Oxford, unknown, armed, and arrayed in the man- Scholars, ner 01 war, have oftentimes diffeifed and put out divers perfons Oxford, of their larids and tenements in the counties of Oxford, Berks, and Bucks, and alfo have hunted with dogs and greyhounds in divers warrens, parks, and foreft*, in the fame counties, as well by days as by nights, and taken deer, hates, and conies : and moreover, threatning the keepers of the fame of their lives, and alfo With ftrong hand have taken clerks convidl of felony by due , procefs of the law, out of the ward of the ordinaries, and thofe prisoners have brought with them, and let go at large, as the ICing, by open complaint to him made in this parliament, hath conceived: our faid lovfcreign lord the King, willing upon the lame to fet femedy, hath ordained and ftablilhed. That due procefr (hall be made againft fuch fcholars wrong doers, for their offences, as the law and alfo the ftatutes of the land re** quire, according to the cafe till they come to anfwer, or elfe be outlawed. And if any fuch fchdlar be fo outlawed, then the Unfrerfitn juftices before whom fuch outlawry (hall be returned, (hall Chancellor* certify the chancellor of the faid univerfity,. for the time being of the fame outlawry* And that the fame chancellor, upon fuch certification had, (hall do to be banifhed maintenant, and without difficulty, fuch outlaws out of the fame univerfity, upon the pain that pertaineth. And that this ordinance endure till the next parliament be holden, after the King's return from beyond the fea into England.

CAP. IX.

No abbot or prior Jhall be appointed by any bijhop to colleS difmes or fubfidics out of the county where be dwelletb.

ITEM, forafmuch as the abbots and priors of the realm of England, have had and fuftained great damage, lodes, cofts, and difeafes before this time, by that that they have been adigned by the archbilhops and bilhops of the fame realm of England^ Colledor* to gather the difmes granted to the Kings of England by the clergy, very far from their houfes, and alfo in divers diocefes and counties, as they have (hewed to our faid fovereign lord the King, by their petition delivered in this prelent parliament: the Vo*. III.	F	King

Digitized by ^ ^.oogle

Anno noho Henrici V.

King bur fovereign lord, having thereto confederation, hath ordained and ftabluhed, That no abbot nor prior within the realm of England, (hall be by any archbilhop or bi(hop from henceforth ordained to be collector Of any difmes or fubfidies, out of the fame county where he is dwelling or converfant. And this ordinance (hall (land in his force till the parliament, which (hall be first holden after the King’s return from beyond the fea inta England.

Keels that carry fea-coals to Newcaftle Jball be meafured and

marked.

Explained by TTEM, whereas of every chaU TTEM par la ou de chefcun 3oCar.*.ftat.i. X dr on of fea-coats, whidh be or • X chaldre de charbons man* ©.8. and far- Jbatl be. fold to people not fran~ tilmes qe font & ferront vendiis JorhyT^c 7 cWed in the port of the town of as gents nient y fnmchifes ei> W^.c.io.	Newcaftle upon Tyne, two pence le port del vUlq del Nqye^

be due to the King of cujlont, (2) Chaftell fur Tyne font dups; a^ and in the fame port be certain Roy deux dcniers de cuilumcj vejfels called Keels, by which fuch & en mefrae le porte font cer-coals be carried from the land to teinz veflelx appellez K>eles par the Jhips in the faid port; and les queux tielx charbons fon^ every of the Jaid keels ought to caries de la terre/jefqes a lea be of the portage of twenty chal- naefsenledit port & doit chejf-drons, and according to the fame cun des ditz keles eftre del ppr~ portage, the cujlom is thereof tage de vint chaldres &foiou£ taken to the King's ufe \	(3;	mefme le portage la elite cuf-

there be now certain people, that tume ent eft pris aj oeps, du of late have made fuch keels of the Roy font ore certeinz gentz, portage of twenty two or twenty qont fait ja^rd tides, kples del three chaldrons, whereof the cuf portage de xxii. ou xxiii. chaf-tom hath been taken according to the dres dont, la cuftume ad efte$ portage of twenty chaldrons only? pris folonc le portage de xx,chal-in deceit of our lord the King, as dres tantfoulement $n deceite du, be hath perceived by complaint in Roy ficome le Roy lad entepdiit Keel* that	this parliament; (4) it is there-	par compleiut en ceft parlement

carry fea coals fore ordained and ftabliihed a-	Si ad il ad ordeinp & eftabljz

at Newcaftle gajnft fuch deceits, that all the encountre tide deceite qe toutz, tothefhi r which now be, and here- les keles qore foqt & ferront e** (hall be mea-	be	*n	t^ie	kid port, temps avenir en le dit port

(ured by com-(hall be meafured by certain* foient mefures par certein^ miflioners.	commi (lionets thereto afligned commiflkmers a ceo aflignerz

by the King, and marked of	parle Roy & merches de quell

what portage they be, before	portage y foient devaunt cejf

,	that any carriage be made by qe afeun cariage fait fait pan

the fame, upon pain of forfei- icelles fur peine de forfait ture to the King all the veflels au Roy tout* les veffdx appeU called Keels, by which any fuch lez Keles par les queux a^cuns, coals (hall be carried, before tieux charbons ferront >carie* that they be marked in the man- devaunt ceo qe ils foient merrier aforefaid.	chezen le maftereavauntdit.

a	CAP.

\

lfzi.] Aiinonono Henrjc* V*	6j>

CAP. XL

No Englifh gold Jhall be received in payment but by the King's weight.

ITEM pur oufter periles & TTEM, to avoid the deceits and dcceites queux lodgement X perils which long have continued ont cofitenus dedeinileVoiahue within the realm by zUafbers, clip-panny lcs favour* toilfours &. persy and counterfeiters of the mo-controfaitours de la moneie hey of the realm ofEngland, to the dEngleterrea trefgraundes mef- great lofs and damage of all the bftiefrii damages a toutz gents people of the fame realm; (2) the n0 Engli/h de mefme le r6idm& le Rdy par King, by tne advice ana aflertt gold mail be : advis &c aflent de toutz les fei- of all the lords and commons reived in . ghuTs & communes aflemblez affembled in this parliament, tti ceft pavement ad ord^inez hath brdairted and ftabli/hed, Weight. S & eftabfe^ qe de fa veille del' That from Chrijlmas even nexf ffefte die tfdvd prochehv ave- doming, none of the King's’

Ah4 ehavaunt null liege du Ro/ fiege people fliall receive any^

tfecdveta afcune moneie dor money Or Englifh gold in pay-

Engleis en paiement linon par ment but by the King’s weight "	1

lepbfe du Roy (btceo brdeines. thereupon ordained. (2) Arid

Et pur tant qe graunde partie becaufe a great part of the gold

del or de prefent currant en now current in payment is not of

paiinent neft mye de droiturell rightful weight nor of good allay;

pois ne de bone allaie y faute the fame [Ihall be fent to the Tjie wor<j$

ddo rerhettre a le buneaU fyne coin, to tne intent that it (hall within

qil poet eftre noVelmtfnt cuhez bd newly coined of juft weight Crotchets are

de jouft pois & bone alleie & and of good allay; and becaufe omitted m

ec6 idrra* eftre a gratmde perde that] Jhall he to tne great lofs and ^	•

& collages dey fubditz du Roy cojls of the King's fubjefts, unlefs itLtutes pdb-

£) ne fuy pleft eux relever en it pleafe him to relieve them in limed by Pul-

cco c*i 11 ad le Roy de fh grace this cafe; (4) our fovereign lord ton> Keble,

efpcciale remis & pardonee a the King, of his fpecial grace,	**

toutz fez liges qi parentre cy hath remifed and pardoned tojvir. Cay

& le dtt feft de Novel ferront all his liege people, which be-

cuner de novel a le cunage du twixt this and the faid feaft of

Roy dedemz' le Toure de Chrifmas (hall caufe to be coin-

LoUndres lour morioie dor qe ed of new at the King's coin-

ne Ibit de jourfpois ne de bone age within the Tower ox London*

atfaid ceftaflavoif tout ceo qi a their money of gold that is not

luy appertient pur cell novell of juft weightnorof good allay,

cunage de tid ore come defiris that is to fay, all that to him

Stiver a lenjcftredel myrite& pertaineth for this new coin*

as autres officers dicelle ceo qi age of fpch gold.as afore; (5)

a eux appertient refonab’le- faying always to the mafter of

mdit.	the' mint, arid to othdr officers

of the fame, that which to them	-

reafbnably pertaineth.

$ %	CAPd

Anno nono HebJRICI V.

[>4*r.

Writs purchased by or againft the wardens of Rochefter bridge, (ball be good, though fome of them die, to*

it EI.C.T7. %1 EI.C.X5.

Ex edit. Raft. Money.

Gold and fil-ver.

Exchange.

Money.

Coinage,

CAP. XII.

Writs par chafed by the wardens of Rochefter bridge, or a-gainft them, Jball be good9 though fome of them die or be removed.

ITEM* it is ordained. That all the writs to be purchaf-ed by the wardens of the new bridge of Rochejier, and their fucccfiors, or by other againft them to be purchafed, (hall be maintained and continued by the law of England; (2) and although that the faid wardens, or any of them, be removed or expuffed from their faid Office, of do- die, hanging the faid writs, neverthelefs the fame writs (hall (land to be good and cffe&ual in die law for ever.



ITEM ordeinez eft & eft*-bliz qe toutz les briefs par. tes jnurdeins de le Hovell pont de Koucheftre & lours fuccef-. (burs apurchacerz ou par au-, tres encountre eux apurcha-cers foierit maintenus oc fufte-nuz par la* ley & cotnbien qe les ditz gardeins ou afeun de eux foit ou foient amovez ou expulfez de lour dit office ou devie ou deviont pendatitz les ditz briefs nientmalns mefmes les briefs eftoient & foient bons & effeduelx en ley puF touto jours.

Other ftatutes made at Wej, Anno 9Hen. V. flat. 7,.and Anno Dom. 1421.

AT the parUameiit holden at Weftminfter the first day tfDe* cember, in the ninth fear of the reign of King Henry the Fifth, it is ordained by the aflent of the lords (piritua) and temporal, and at the reqjueft of the commons there aftemUed, &c*

CAP. I.

A confirmation of afl Jlatutes made touching money.

FIRST, That all the ftatutes and ordinances, which have been made in the time of the King’s noble progenitors, touching the good and lawful governance of his money of gold and (ilver, not repealed. Be well and firmly kept and holden in all points.

cap. n.

All men may refort to the Kings	or	to

Tower, to have money new coined.

ITEM, the King, in as irfuch as he conveniently may, (hall do to be ordained his exchanges of the money of gold and lilver in the city of	London, and elfewhere in the	realm, for the

eafe of his people, which (hall be holden in open places in high ftreets. And that all they that will corr)e to tne Tower of London, there to have money of new coined, they (hall have money

coined

Digitized by Google

*4**•]	Anno nono Henrici V.

69

coined, and thereof (hall be delivered within eight days, according to the very value of that that they (hall bring thither, paying the feignorage and coinage of gold, after the rate of five (hillings for the pound of the Tower, and for the feignorage and coinage of filver fifteen pence for the pound, and no more* And that they that will not approach the Tower to do the fame, hut will be thereof delivered at the exchanges, (hall pay for the exchange after the rate of a penny for the noble, ana for the half noble a halfpenny, and for the fourth part of the noble ? farthing, with the feignorage and coinage, as afore is faid.

At the King's exchanges good money JhaU be delivered to the parties, or elfe he that doth receive it may refufe it.

ITEM, That the matters and workers of the money, and alfo Money, , the ftrangers in all places where money (hall be coined, made, or changed, (hall be holden to deliver and pay all that that ought to pertain to them for fuch exchange of good and law-r fill money of England, by and of juft weight, or by the number, of the election of him which (hall receive the fame without any delay of difficulty. And if percafe it happen that any no-table*default in the weight of the money, or in the allay be found (which God defend) upon the delivery or payment to be made at the faid Tower, or at the exchanges aforefaid, that then it (hall be well lawful to every perfon that (hall find fuch default, to refufe that that is defective before that he depart the place where he the fame (hall receive. And that the matter, or Exchangers* the changers be holden to deliver to him fufficient money for the fame, without delay, and to melt that that (frail fo be found defe&ive.

The officers of the exchanges Jhall bring to the Tower all the gold or filver which they buy or exchange.

ITEM, That they which (hall be wardens and furyeyors and Exchange, minifters of the exchanges out of the Tower, (hall be holden Gold and fiU and bounden to bring all foe gojd and fijver that they (hall re- w.

Ceive by way of exchange, or (nail buy by colour of their office, Monc7f to the Tower of London, there to be molten and made in money, in augmentation and increafe of the money for the profit of the realm and eafe of the people, without being; fold, aliened, op

ITEM, That the King’s Mint be coined and made at Calais, Mint.

in the manner as it hath been made and governed at the Calais, Toyuer of London*'

CAP. III.

CAP. IV.

put to any other ufe.

CAP. V.

The mint JhaU be at Calais.

CAP.

Digitized by C • 3gle

[ijfzr*

70	Anno nono Henricx Y,

CAP, VI.

The allay and weight of money.

ITEM, That all the money of gold arid filver that fhall be made at the Tower of London and at Calais, or elfewherc within the realm of England, by authority royal, (hairbe madq of as good allay, and good weight, as it is now made at the

Tower.

CAP. VII.

The weight of gold /hall he fent to every city.

Weight of the TTEM,That the King do to be ordained good and juft w^igh* noble, &c, A of the noble, half noble, and farthing of gold, with the rates neceflary to the fame for every city, borough, and market town of the realm, to be delivered by the chancellor of of England to them that will have them, to the intent that they be not deceived by falfe counterfeiters, and them that ufe faltti weight in deceit of the people.

Money. 3lnit. 92.

CAP. VIII.

Juftices of

peace.

Sheriffs.

Elcheators.

Weights.

34ECJ.3.C.5.

Exchange

Staple.

Merchants.

Inquiry and yuni/bment of fylfities qf weights.

ITEM, That the juftices qf peace, (herifft, efeheators* and ther perfons to b^affigned by the King, (hall have powwr by cpmmiflion to enquire of alj falfifiers and counterfeiters of falfe weights, and to take them and imprifon, and in prifon to hold them without mainprife, till they be acquitted or attainted, and if they be attainted, their bodies (hall abide in p ifon till they have made tines and ranfoms after the difcretion of the faid juftices. And that the fame juftices have power thereof to in? quire, hear, and determine* as often as to them (hall feem ne-eeffary.

CAP. IX.

The law of exchange between the merchants of Ramc? etn$ thofe of England.

ITEM, whereas in another ftatute, made the fourteenth year of King Richard the Second, it was ordained. That fof e-very exchange that lhall be made by merchants in the court of Rome, or elfewhere, that the merchants be firmly s*nd ftwly bounden in the chancery, to buy within three months after the exchange made, merchandjfes of the ftaple, as wools, leather, woolfels, lead or tin, butter, cheefe, or cloths, or other commodities of the land, to the value of the fum fo exchanged, upon forfeiture of the feme : and fuch merchants feid in tfn'm prefeut parliament. That they dare not bind themfelvcs, to ohr ferve the cfleft of the fame ftatute, becaufe that within threq months after fuch exchanges made, they cannot buy and make (hipping to pafs fuch merchandifes to the parts beyond the fea (QjS aftjre is (aid) to the value qf the fum fo changed : and alfo

for

7*

Aftfio nono Henrici V.

for default of fuch changers there ought to be made fuch exchange, and by divers colours and fubtleties the King’s money (h*il be of great likelihood privily carried to the parts beyond the fea, and fuch mtfchandifes (as afore) (hall not be bought by fuch merchants changers, to the great damage of the King and of his people and.the realm, if in this prefent parliament remedy be not provided: therefore ijt is ordained in this prefent parliament, for the profit of the King and of his realm, That all merchants that (hall make fuch exchanges at the faid court qf Rome* or elfewhere* and every of them, (hall be bound personally in the faid chancery by recognifance, to buy within nine months after the fame exchanges made, like merchandifes and commodities as afore is fold, to the value of the fums fo changed, upon pain, of forfeiture of the fame, notwithllanding the laid ftatute made the faid fourteenth year. And that all the ordinances aforefaid (hall endure until the parliament next to beholden.

cAp. x.

CollcBm of di/met, Cs?r. which be charged in account fdr their companions, fhall bate an aftion of debt agbinfl

them.

ITEM* vthereas divers collector^ of difthes and quinzimes Collector* of granted to the King of teihporal goods^ have been afligned xv.&x. in every cotintv of the realm, and fome of therfi have purpofed lawfully to yield their account, and fome hot, fo that when the King’s writs have iflued to the lheriffs to caufe the faid colleCt-ors to come to the exchequer, there for to account, the honeft true men have come in,* and brought the rate of their gathering, and the Other by broCage and fubtlety have abfented them, and will not tome and pay their rate there, and fo the lawful may not be difcharged* but wHblly charged of the fums which . their companion^ abfefit ought to have paid, and alfo often-rimes put in prifbii, apd their lands and tenements feifed into the King’s hafids, till they had payed to the King* the rate of the gathering of their companions, to the great milchief and de-flruebon of tiiany of the King’s lawful fubjeCts, as the King hath conceived it the grievous complaint of tne commons made here* in this prefent parliament: our faid fovereign lord, bv the aifent of the fords fphritual and temporal, and at the requeft of the laid Common's, hath ordained, That the collectors of fuch dtfmes and quinzimtes, fhall have Recovery by aCtion of debt againft fheit companibns, of the firms which they have fo paid, aAd fltaH pay for them, with their double damages. And this ordinance (haft endure till the parliament, which (hall be first Holden after the return of the King our fovereign lord into

f *

CAP,

Digitized by Google

S H. 6.c.i«. This ftatute is priqted only m Mr.Cay’i editjcm.

Anno xiono Hpwitici V.

CAP. XI.	,	.

pertain roads and bridges about Abingdon Jhall be repaired.

ITEM come monftre fuift en ceft parlement par la dite communalte par lour commune petition content le chemyn qi foi extends de la ville de Abendon vers Dorche-ftre en le pountee dOxenford outre leaue de Thamyfe par les lieux jte Burford & Culhamford parentre les ditps ville* de Abendon & Dorcheftre parmy les foil & franchises & dpinz les boundes ft franchifes del abbe de Abendon de fon manoir de Culham en droit de fa elglife dp noftre dame de Abendon par quell les lieges du Roy & de fes progenitours illoeqs paflantz ont eux lour cariage & franc pafTage fibien ove charrettes come ove lour chivalx biens chatieux & merchandifes du temps dont me-jnorie ne court fuit jatard par cretein de eaue a tant furunduz qe null purroit illoeqs pader ne tieux cariage fanz peril de perdre lour vies biens chatieux & merchandifes illoeqs fair-e tanqe ccr-teinz gentz du dite ville de Abendon de lour propre biens & dalmoigne des gentz la entour enhabitantz ont faitz un pont outye le dite lieu appelle Burford be un autre pont outre le dit lieu appelle Culban}tor4 & $ient auxi del aflent de dit abbe & fon covent erilargez enhancez faitz Sc reparailez le dit chemyn parentre les lieux & pontes fuifditz en laeure ove les fofles de fneline le chemyn de anibedeux parties quatre perches & oept pees entput & eient auxi plantes & fifehez fur les ripes des ditz fpffes pluis profehein a chemyn certeins arbres appellez poplers & wyllughes ore. crefceantz pur amendement Si reparation du dit chemyn as heurs & temps bufoignables en temps avenir Sur qoi confiderez les grandes aife St profit qe aviendront a les lieges du Roy parmy peux ponts & chemyn fi qe ils purront continuer del aflent des ditz feignurs & a la requefte de la dite communalte oxdeignez eft & eftabliz en peo mefme parlement qe les, ditz ponts & paffages outre ycelles & auxi le dit chemyn parentre mefmes les ponts de la laeure come deffuis eft dit foient & re-maignent a toutz jours communes ponts paffages & chemyn as queconqes jjloeqs paflantz ou paiier voillantz fibien a chival come a pee & en autre manere & ove toutz maners des caria-

Scs^Sc qe life a toutz lieges du Roi les ditz ponts paffages chemyn c fofles en la laeure & forme fuifditz faire reparailler enhancer de novell edifier be efeurer & autres tieux arbres fur les ditz ripes ‘de novell planter &.ficher & en les ditz fofles argill marie gravel & terre fower & prendre Sc de autieux arbres les branches &•

Sermmes fibien de ceux queux font ore illoeqes plantez come e ceux qilloeqes ferront plantez as temps bofoignahles & fefon-ables couper & prendre pur la reparation des ponts chemyn be paffage avantditz fi fovent come lour plerra pur toutz jours fanz impediment ou empefehement de nully afeun title ou interefle qiqe foit des ditz abbe & covent en le foil de les eaue paffage* chemyn Sc fofles avantditz ou en le foil ou leaue en quell les ditz pontz font ou ferront edifiez en les ditz lieux ou en afeun barcell dicell nient obftantz. Salve toutfoitz le droit du Roi r ■ <	•	••	it,

Digitized by

Google

«4*2.]	Anno	primo	Henrici	VI.	.	73

& falvez auxi os ditz abbe & covcpt & a lour fucceffours lour libertees & franchifes dcdeinz & cn les ponts chemyn paffes paues & foflcs avantditz ficome ils avoient adevant cn les ditz chemyn foil k eaue & auxi toute la pefcherie cn leaue defoutz lex ditz ponts & en les fofles fuifditz perpetuelment.

Thus End the Statutes of King Henry the Fifth.

Anno primo HENRICI VL

Statutes made at Wefiminfier in the first year of the reign of King Henry VI. and in the year . of our Lord 1422.

AU parlement tenuz a AT parliament bolden at Wei itm’ lc Lundy prof- il Weftminfter the Monday cheyn devant le fcft dc Scint next before theFeaJl of St.Martiny Martyn lan dc regne du Roy the firjl year of the reign of our Henri fifme puis le conquclt fovereign lord King Henry the primer mefine le .Roy de lad- Sixth; the fame King, by the ad-vis k aflent des feignurs efpiri- vice and affent of the lords fpiri-tuelx k tetnporelx k a les ef- tual and temporal\ and at the fpe~ pecialx inftance & 'requeft des dial injlance and requeft of the communes dEngleterre efteantz commons of the realm of England, en mefine le parlement fift faire being affembled in thisprefentpar-ordiner k cftablire diverfes or- liamenty hath caufed to be ordain-dinances & eftatutz enla fourme ed and ejlablijhed divers ordinances qenfnit.	andJlatutes in the form following,..

CAP. L

The King's council may affign money to be coined in as many places as they will.

EN primes ordeines eft pur le profit du Roy & laife de fon poeple qe les feignurs de

FIRST it is ordained and eftablifhed, for the profit

le counfell du Roy pur Te temps efteantz purront affigner par auAoritc du dit parlement mef-tres & operers a faire monoie dor & dargent & a tenir les ef-chaunges de moneie fibien en la citee dEverwik come en la yille de Briftuit k auxi es tants des lieux come femblera as ditz feignurs bone k neceflarie fo-lonc Iotjr bons advis■* & difere-tions afeun eftatute ~ou ordinance fait au contrarie non ob-ittant. 1

of the King, and the cafe of his people. That the lords of the King’s council for the time being may aflign, by authority of the faid parliament, matters and workmen to make money of gold and filver, to hold the exchanges of money as well in the city of York as m the town of B> iftol, and alfo in as many

S daces as to the faid lords fhall eem neceflary, according to their good advice and diferetion, •any ftatute or ordinance made to the contrary notwithftandini C A

The King's council may aflign money to be coined, and exchange es to be held, in as many places as they will.

Digitized by

Google

Anno primo Henrici VI.

[1422%'

CAP. II.

All the ftatutes of purveyors Jhall be proclaimed in tvety •	county	four times in the year.

Ex edit Pult. TTEM, That all the ftatutes and ordinances made of purvey-SalProddm ^ ors buyers, and not repealed, be kept and executed in all the ftatutes of points, and alio proclaimed in all counties through the realm by purveyors in the King’s commandment. (2) And that every (heriff of th« his bailiwick realm of England, after that he hath received the faid ftatutes the1, m thereof to make proclamation by fuch commandment* (hall caufe ycar# them to be proclaimed every year four times through his bailli-wick, upon pain to pay to the King at every time that he thereof fails, an hundred (hillings. (3) And that upon the fame pain every of the faid (heriffs (hall deliver the faid commattditteht to his fucceflbr immediately by indenture to b4 made betwixt them, whereby he may make like proclamation for the time that ho continueth in tne faid office, for the eafe and furety of the peo-aoH. 6. c.8. Pk* (+) And that every fuch fucceflbr, after fuch command-1* Car.ft.ci14. inent by him received (hall make fuch proclamations four times in the year, and (hall make fuch deliverance of the faid com-mandment to his fucoeflpr, as above is faid, upon the pain afore-faid.

CAP. III.

What fort of Irifhmen only may come to dwell in England.

All perfons TTEM, forafmuch as divers manflaughters, murders, rape#, oorn in Irt- A robberies, and other felonies, riofs, conventicles, and divers land (hall de- 0ther offences now late have been done in divers counties of the ^crealm°&c. walnf of England, by people borji in the country of Ireland, re-9	* pairing to the town of Oxettford% and there reliant and dwelling

under the jurifdi<5tion of the Univerfity of Oxenford, to the great fear of all manner of people in the realm of Englatid dwelling r	thereabout, as by all the commons of the fame realm ailembled

in the faid parliament it was grievoudy'complained: (2) our faid lord the King by the affent aforefaid, and at the requeft df the fame commons hath ordained andeftablifhed, that all people Irifk perfons bom in Ireland, (hall depart out of the realm within a month excepted after proclamation made of this ordinance, upon pain to Iofe which may re- their goods, and to be imprifoned at the King’s will; except Snd.m E*8" gra^uates *n the fchools, and men having benefice of holy cHurcft in England, and men of law in England, and thofe which be inr herit in England, and thofe that have father and mother being Englijh people, religious perfons profefled, merchants, burgefles* and other inhabitants within cities or boroughs of good fame, which can find furety of their good bearing, £ild Irijh womeq married to Engliftx men, and Irijh men married to EngTiJb wo-* men, which be of good fame: (3) and that all theft Irijh people Which have benefices or offices in the land of Ireland (hall abide there upon their benefices and offices, upon pain to lofe and forfeit die profits of their benefices ai)d offices, fot the defence of

ft*

Digitized by

X ogle

75

Aon® pritno H?nrici VI.

the land of Ireland afbrefaid* according to the ordinance made in thie time of King Henry the Fifth, the firtt year of his reign. i H. s-cX Q4.) And that the graduates and beneficed-men (hall find furety of,rirtl mcn. their good bearing, ahd that they take not upon them the prin-gpality of any hall orhoftel, but to remain amongft the Engli/h tan, &c. 7 fchofars under the principality of other*. (5) Moreover, that tbefe fchofars of Ireland which be no graduates, and be of the King’s oheifance, (hajl find furety of their good bearing in the manner as the faid graduates ihoukl do, in fuch fort and formas i$ a fore fajd. (6) And that all the fcholars of Ireland, being now An Irifli man in England, which wiJJ here dwell, every of them (hall brine; to	a

the chancellor of England for tfie tiipe being, before the fcait of that he is of St. John	next coming, letters under the feal of the lieu- the King’s

.tenant or juftices of Ireland* teftifying that they be of the King’s obeifknee. obeifance. (7) And of them that bring not fuch letters betwixt this and the laid feaft of St, John Bapti/l, it (hall be done as of Rebels to our lord the King. (8) Ai>d that from and after the (aid feaft of St. Jokn, no perfon born in Ireland (hall enter the realm of England to dwell in the faid univerfity of Qxenford or of Cambridge, or elfewhere within the realm of England, unlefs he bring tq the feid chancellor of England fuch letters teftimonials, upon pain to be punifoed a§ a rebel to Qur lord the King, * H* c-*-

CAP. IV.

fit mafier of the mint jhallfend to the mint to be coined all ^be gold and fiver that Jhall come to bis bands by exchange.

ITEM, though it hath been well ordained in times paft, That £*tm3*£* he that (hall be matter of the mint (hall in no wife hold the ^*ntcr King's exchange: nevcrthelefs our fovereign lord the King, by Exchange, the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the requeft of the commons aforefaid, will and granteth: That the matter of the mint at the tower of London, which now is, and which for the time (hall be, may have and hold the King’s exchange in the city of London, till the parliament next to be hoklen, London, lb that the fame matter do to he font to the mint all that (hall 9 H. 5. C.4. tome to the exchange in plate or in mafs, Nto be coined from C,I2‘ time to time, until the faid parliament, taking for the exchange ef the noble in the faid exchange i.d.ob. only.

CAP. V.

A certain allowance made to tbofi which were retained ta feme King Hen. V. in Hs wars. Provijion for phe redemption of the jewels mortgaged by King Hen. V.

at; the Application of the faid lords and captains that be in Ufa, which have indented with the gracious King Hen-3k father to. the King that now is in all his wars* and alfo the executors of them that be commanded to God, which have indented with the faid King the father made by their petition, delivered in this parliament: the King by the aflent of all his lords 4>iotu*i ai\4 ^nporal, and alfq of all the commons being in

this

Digitized by LjOOQle

j6	Anno prink) Henrici VL	£1422?

this parliament, will and granteth, That the thirds and the Crains of war, third of the third of all manner of gains, gained by way of war, pertaining to the faid King the father, the day of his death* as well ofprifooers taken as of other gains of war, may be deduced and rebated by lawful account in the King’s exchequer* fox the fums of the wages to them due by the faid King the father, according to the effe<5k of the indentures thereof made. Provided always. That if of that which upon the faid accompt found due by the faid accomptants above the faid wages, payment be make by them upon the fame account, then the faid fuppliants, their executors, heirs or landtenants after the faid , - account and gree made, (hall be thereof quit and difeharged for ever. And moreover the Kinjj will and hath ordained of the faid affent, That all they, to whom the faid King thd father hath delivered gages, jewels, and other things, (hall be before the King's council before the; feaft of St. John Baptifi next coming, with the fame things and jewels. And in cafe they be not fatisfiedof their duties, or within half a year after the fame feaft, then they after the faid half year (hall have all the faid jewels and things in peace and without impeachment of the King, paying to the King all that the fame jewels and things (hall be found of greater value, than that wherefore they were put in gage, unlefs they be ^ ancient jewels of the crown. And that they and their heirs, landtenants and executors and every of them, (hall be of the fame jewels and things, which be not ancient jewels of the crown, quit and difeharged againft the King after the half year for ever,

CAP. VI.

The fiat, of 9 Hen. v. c.9. touching fecurity for exchanges to be made by merchants of the court of Rome, revived^ and continued till the next parliament.

This ftatute YTEM come bien qe en leftatuit fait lan du regne del Roy !*P™ted°nly J. Rjcharp feconde quatorfzifme ordeinez fuit qe pur chefqun edition^ * c^angc 9? ferroit par merchants a la courtede Rome ou ailloprs les ditz merchants ferroient fermement & feurement liez en la chauncellcrje ejachater deinz trois mois apres la dit efehaunge fait merchandifes $ie leftaple come laips quirs peauxlanuzSc plumbe ou eftein.bure furmage draps ou autre comoditees de la terre de la value de lar femme iffint efehangee fur forfeiture dicell nientlemains en le parlement tenuz le primer jour de decembr’ kn du regne del Roi Henry quint nocvifme pur certeins caufes declarez en icell ordeinez fuit en le meftne pur profit du Roy It du roialme qe toutz merchants qi delors ferroient autiels ef-changes a la courte fuiidite ou allours qils & chefcun de eux fer-roit & ferroient obligtz perfpnelpent en la chauncellarie fuifdite par reconifance dachater deinz noef mois apres meftnes les efehan-ges faitz femblables merchandifes & commoditees come defluis eft dit a la value de les fommes iflint exchanges fur peine die for-faiture dicelles le dit eftatuit fait le dit an quatorfzime non ob-r ftant & qe celle darrein ordinance dqreroittank au parlement de-

Digitized by v^ooQle

77

1423.] Anno fecundo Henrici VI.

lors prolchdnemerit a tcnir lc Roy pur tant qc fentuz fiirent les ditz caufes ilfint declarez en le dit parlement tenuz le dit an noevifmc refonablcs & auxi qc mefme lordinan^c fuit terminez & expirez par lc commencement de ceil darrain parlement ad or-deinez en cell darrein parlement qe toutz les merchantz qi fer-roient autielx efehanges a la ditecourte de Rome ou aillours qils & chefcun de eux foient & foit obligez perfonelment en Ja chaun-cellarie du Roy par reconifance dachater dedeinz noef mois apres tielx efehanges faitz femblables merchandifes & commoditees come avaunt eft dit a la value de les fommes iflint efehaunges fur peine de forfeiture dicelles non obftant le dit eftatuit fait le dit an quatorfzime et qe ceil prefent ordinance durera tanqe au parlement profeheinment a tenir.

Statutes made at Wejlminjler, Anno 2 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1423.

HENRICUS Dei gratia Rex Anglie Sc Franqie Sc Dominos Hibemie vicecomiti Middlefexie falutem. Quedam ftatuta Sc ordinationes in ultimo parliamento noftro edita tibi mittimus in forma patenti mandan-	«

tes quod ftatuta Sc ordinationes ilia in locis infra ballivam tuam ubi magis expediens feerit pubHce ex parte noftra prodamari & ea quantum in te eft firmiter obfervari facias juxta tenorem eorundem.

T. meipfo apud Weftm* primo die Julij anno regni nolhi fecundo.

AU parlement tenuz a AT the parliament holden at Weftm’ le xx*ne jour JljL Weftminfterflk twentieth dOdlobr* lan du regne del da* of O&ober, in the fecondyear Roy Henry le fifme puis le of the reign of King Henry the conqueft fecond par avys & af- Sixth after the conquefl, by the ad-fent des feignurs efpirituelx Sc vice and ajfent of the lords Jpiri-temporelx & a les efpeciales in- tual and temporal, and at the fpe-ftances & requeft des com- dal inflame and requejl of the munes dEngleterfe en mefme commons of England being in the le parlement efteantz certeinz fame parliament, certain ordinan-ordinances declarations & efta- ces, declarations, andflatutes were tutz furent faitz & eftabliez al made and Jlablijhed to the honour hbnour dq Ditu & pur le bien of Gooy andfor the wealth of the du Roy & de fon dit roialme en King and of his realmyin the form la forme enfuant.	following\

CAR I.

A confirmation of the liberties of the churchy and of dll per-fonsy citiesy &c.

ET primes qe feinteefglife & TT'IRST, That holy church. The liberties toutz les feignurs fpiritu-	X1 and all the lords fpiritual ofchurch

dx& temporelx& toutz les au-	and temporal, and all other	^ to!"

tres lieges du Roy aiantz liber- the King’s people, having liber- roughs coatees & fraunchifes & auxi toutz ties and franchifes, and alfo all finned, les citees & burghs aient & en-	the cities and boroughs, (hall

joient toutz lour libertees &	have and enjoy all their liber-

fraunchifes	ties

Digitized by

Google

rt

The hofpital of St. Leonard in York was endowed of a tbrave of corn of every plough earing within the Counties of York, Cumberland, Weftmorland, andLancalter.

The remedy

which the matters of St. Leonard's hofpital (hall hive to recover their duties.

Anno fectmdtf HsNRtoi VL	[1424*

tie* and franchifes weftvded, fratinchifes bien uft± & nicnti and not repealed* nor by the repellez ne par k* eommune4ey» ooosmoR law repealable.	repclkblez.

CAP. 11.	J

A remedy for the majler^ &c, of the hofpital of Sf. Leonard* m York, to recover a thraveof cotn due to them, &c.

VTEM, whereas the htfpital of TTEM come lofpitall de feint' X Sf. Leonard of York, which X Leonard dEverwyk qi eft' h of the foundation of the prtige- de la fundation de les nobles'

~xi wri t

nitors of our faid lard the King> late Kings of England, and of his patronage, in the firji foundation of the fame, was endowedy by the Jaid progenitors of the Kingy of a throve of corn to be taken yearly of every plough earing within the counties 0/Yorfc, Cumberland,. WeftmorJand, and Lan-cafter^within the county a/York, of which thraves the majler and brethren of the faid hofpital, and their preaecejfors have been feifedy the time whereof runneth no memory , as parcel of the firji foundation of the faia hofpitaly andthe fame they have levied and gathered at the feajl of St. Martin in winter every year, till now late that divers people of the faid counties , Within the province aforefaidy have withh olden the fame thravesy Whereof the faid majler and bre-ihrenhave no fufficient nor covena-ble remedy at the common lawy to the great 'damage of the faid h'cf pitaly and open fubtraftion of the faflenanee of the [aid majler and brethren, if remedy be notfor them prcvidedy as complaint win thereof made in the faid parliament: (2-) The King cotafidering the premiftes, of the aflent and re-queft aforefaid, hath ordained and ftablifhed; That the faid ntafter and brethren, and their fucceffors fbr the time being,, may levy, gather, and take the faid thravefc within the province aforefaid, in the places where

they

progenitours noftre dit feignut le Roy jadis Roys dEngleferre' & de fori patronage en la pri-1* mere fundation dicell eftoit en-dowe par les ditz progenitours du Rojrdun thrave des btees iL prendre annuelment de chefcun charue arant deinz les countees dEverwyk Cumberland Weft* merr & Lancaftre deinz la province dEverwyk des quels; thraves les maiftre & frers duJ dit hofpitall & lour predecef-fours ount efte feifez du temps dount mcmorie ne court come parcell de la primer fundation du dit hofpitall & icelles ount’ pris levez & coillez al felt de feint Martyn eri yver chefcun an tanqc ore tarde que divcrfes gentz dez ditz countees deinz la province fuifdite mefrnes les thraves ount detenuz dountles ditz maiftre & ffers nount re-medie fufficeant ne covenable a* la commune ley a graunt ani-enteflement du dit hofpitall & overt .fubtrattion del fufte-riaunce des ditz maiftre & frers fi lour ne foit purveu de rerrie-die come de ceo fait compleint en le dit parlementle Roy con-* fidere les premiftes del aflent & requeft avauntditz ad ordeiney & eftabliez qe les ditz maiffas & frers & lour fucceflours pur le temps eftcantz puiflent lever coillcr & prendre les ditz thra-yes deinz le province fuifdite en les lieux ou il devent de droit*

1

Digitized by LiOOQle

they ought of fight, and were wont, after the cuftom and ufage had in the fame places heretofore. (3) And alfo that the fame matters and fucceflors for the time being (hall from time to time have aftions by writs or plaints of debtor detinue at their pleafure, againft all them and every of them that detain the fame thraves fo of right due to the faid hofpital, or any part of them, to recover the faid thraves againft ' them, and every of them, with their damages in this behalf.

IX. Provided always, That A remedy for the parties with whom the faid thepropne-mafter and brethren, or their *ors which predeceflors, bo accorded fuch thraves by compofitions the matter made and foaled betwixt them, and brethren* (hall of no more be charged than is comprifed within the fame compofitions for the pof-feflions that the laid parties had at the time of the making of the aforefaid compofitions.

CAP. III.

John dfike 0/Bedford, being in the Kings fervice in France, jball be received to defend his right by attorney.

1;TBM, it is ordained and aflented, That John duke of Bedford, Ex edit. Raft* r uncle to our fovereign lord the King, which is beyond the fea in the parts of France in the King’s fervice, in all manner of pleas moved and to be moved againft any perfon or perfons of lands and tenements, the reverfion or remainder whereof is to the. faid duke joint or feveral to his own ufe, he (hall be by his attorney or attorneys received to defend his right. And in the Attorney, lame manner (hall have and enjoy all manner benefits and advantages, as if he were prefent in his proper perfon. And that this ordinance extend as well to receipts of reverfions and remainders, to be purchafed and gotten to the faid duke jointly or feverally to his own ufe, as to receipts of reverfions and remainders, whicn be now hath, as long as he (hall be in the King’ fervice beyond the fea.

droit & foloient folonc la cuf-tume & ufage ea meftnes les lieux euz pardevant. Et auxi qe mefme le meiftre & fes fuc-ceffours pur le temps efteantz aientde temps en temps action par briefs ou plcintz dc dette ou de detenu a lour plefir en-vers toutz ceux & chefcun de eux qi mefmes les thraves enfi de droit au dit hofpitall duez detiegnent ou afcun partie dicell pur recoverer dcvers eux & chefcun deux les ditz thraves ovec lour damages enz cell partie.

Purveu toutz foitz qe les parties ovec queux les ditz meiftre & finers ou lour predeceflours font accordcz pur tielx thraves par compofitions entre eux faitz & enfealez ne foient chargez de pluis qe neft compris en mdmes les compofitions pur les poffeffions qe les ditz parties avoient al temps del fefance 4cs compofitions avauntditz.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

So

Staple*

Calais*

Berwick*

Merchandife of the ftaple.

Shoten tin.

Anno fectmdo Henrici VI. [142^ CAP. IV.

Ml fHercbandifes of the ftaple faffing out of England, Wales, and Ireland, fhall be carried to Calais, fo long as the fta~ pie is at Calais.

ITEM, whereas the noble King Edward the Third did ordain his ftaple to be at Calais, and that the whole repair of wools, woolfels, leather, lead, tin, butter, cheefe, and other merchandife, except woolen cloths, and red herring palling out of th* realm of England, and his lands of fVales and Ireland, and his town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hould be at the faid town of Ca~ lais. And after at a parliament holden in the firfl year of King Henry the Fourth it was ordained. That the ftaple of wools, woolfels, leather, lead, and tin, (hould be whoHy at Calais: fa-vingthat merchants of Genoa, Vmice,Catatonia, Arragon, and other realms, lands and countries,towards the weft,beingof the King’s amity, may (hip at Hampton in carraks, (hips, galleys, and other veflels, wools, woolfels, leather, lead, tin, and other mer-chandifes of the ftaple, and bring them into their country towards the weft, after the form of the ftatute thereof made in the fecond year of King Richard the Second after the conqueft. And alfo faving to the burgeffes and merchants of Berwick upon Tweedy certain benefits to bring the wools of the growing between the waters of Tweed and Cocket, to the faid place of Berwick, and and to (hip them towards what parts it (hall pleafe them beyond the fea. And alfo whereas the faid ftatutes in the parliament holden at Weflminjler in the fecond year of the reign of King Henry the Fifth, father toour fovereign lord the King that now is, were confirmed, and moreover it was ordained in the fame parliament. That no wools, woolfels, leather, lead, tin, whole or founded, called (hoten tin, nor none other merchandife of the ftaple whatfoever it were, (hould from henceforth be fent or brought to any parts beyond the fea, except they were first carried to the faid ftaple, after the form of the faid ordinance made the laid first year, upon pain of forfeiture of all the merchandifes in fuch manner fent or brought out of the faid realm, unlefs it be by the King’s licence* And except all perfons, goods, and things which be excepted in the fame ordinance, made the first year, as in the faid ftatutes is more fully contained. Neverthelefs, the leather, and founded tin, called (hoten tin, bought and provided here in England, have not been brought to the faid ftaple of Calais, after the form of the faid ftatutes, but doth pafs into Flanders, Holland and Zealand, to the great damage and diminifhing of the cuftoms and fubfidies due to the King, if they were brought to the town of Calais. The King willing to eichew the.damage and diminution, by the advice and requeft aforefaid, hath ordained and eftabliflied. That all the ftatutes thereof made and not repealed, be holden and kept, and put ift due execution. And that the whole repair ot wools, woolfels, leather, lead, whole tin, and (hoten tin, and all other

mer-

Digitized by

Google

142$.] Anno focundo Henrici VI.	8jtj

merchandifes pertaining to the ftaple, paffingout of the realm. of England, and of the countries or fVales and Ireland, be at the faid place of Calais, and at none other place beyond the Tea, as long as the laid ftaple fhall be at Calais, upon pain of forfeiture. of the very value of the merchandizes, which (hall pafs elfewhere but to the. parts towards the weft, named in the faid ftatutes thereof made. And that no licence from henceforth be granted. to the contrary: except for wools, fells, and leather of North- Merchants. umberland,	Wefmreland,Cumberland,	and the bilhoprick of

Durham,laving the King’s prerogative. Provided always. That if any merchants under colour of any licence Ihip any wools of of the growing of any part of Yorkjbire, or of any other country of the realm, exceptof the growing of die fame parts of Northumberland,	Weftmoreland, Cumberland, and the bilhoprick	of

Durban, that fhall forfeit to the King die value of all the wools lb Ihiped, ana alfo theylhall lofe the benefit of the lame licence.

And he that the lame efpieth, and thereof giveth knowledge to the treafurer of	England for the time being, mail have the fourth .

part of the forfeiture fo by him notified.

CAP. V.

The penalty if any carry wools or fells Hot cuflomed out of the

realm to any place,	Javing to Calais. ( '

ITEM, becaufe that a new Ihipping is found in the pille of Foddray in the county of Lancafttr,out of which pi lie and other creeks within the realm much wools be brought to Erne-mouth in Zealand,and to many other places beyond the fea, without cuftom or fubfidy thereof duly paying to the King, and the merchants come to Dublin in Ireland, and there take their cock-ets, and pay for every ftone of wool to their proper ufe ij.d. as the King hath been thereof credibly informed in the faid par-r Ijament, to the King’s great deceit and fraud: it is ordained and eftahliftied. That if any perfon bring or caufe to be brought any wools or woolfels not cuftomed out of the realm, to other places Cuftom. than to the laid ftaple, he fhall forfeit to the King the value of Staple. ’ the merchandifes fo (hipped, and his body toprifon, till he hath made and paid a fine and ranfom. And that he that thereof; giveth knowledge to the treafurer of England for the time being, and the trefpafler for the lame duly convidt, (hall have the fourth part of the forfeiture due to the King in this behalf.

CAP. VI.

For what caufes only gold or	ftlver may be carried out of the

realm.

ITEM come par Je Roy Henry le quint pier a noftre feignur k Roy qoreft eftoit ordeignez qe un mynt dor & dargent fer-roit tenuz dedeins fa ville de Cakys par la quell graunde fobftaunce de monoie dor & Vpi. IQ,	dargent

ITEM, whereas by KingHenry A confirmati-the Fifth, father to our lord on 0,'heufta-the King that now is, it was or- cTfhatfee*’ dained. That a mint of gold and mint (ball be ftlver Jbtmld be holden within the at Calais, town of Calais, whereby great Jvbfance of money of gold and ftl-

$3	Anno fccundo	VL	[14x3*-

verhatb been brought within the dargent ad efte apportsz dcmen realm, (2) which money by divers le roialme la quelle monoie ^ar perfom hath been, and is daily, diverfes perfones ad eftc 6c eft carried out of the fame to Bour- de jour en autre afportez hors dpaux, F1 a nders* and other places, dicell a Burdeaux & Fhmndrer agamfi the ftatute in old ttimes & ailloura encontre leftatut fiat made and provided in this behalf, & purveux cdle partie datran as hath been grievoujly complained ciene temps come de ceo ad in this parliament; (3) it is or- eftee grevoufement compkanfc darned and aflented, That the en cell parlement ordiiys* eft& fame ftatute be hojdenand kept, affentuz qe mefate leftatut (bit. and put in due execution. (4) tenuz & garden ic mys en duc> SogP^nrK- Al^ moreover it is ordained execution. £t en outre ordi-canied forth ^ eftablifticd, That no gold nez eft & eftablez qe null' or of the realm, nor filver (hall be carried out ou argent (bit afportez hors da. but for the of the realm contrary to the- roialme au contrarie du dit e-caufes herein faid ftatute, unlefs it be for pay- ftatot fil ne foit pur paiemenf. 9ftat.a. ment °f wars» ai*d the King’s, desguerres&foudjoursdu Roy c.i.	foldiers beyond the fea,. upon de pardela fur paine de fiorfai-

5R.».ftat.i. pain of forfeiture of the value tore de la value de la fomme c-*-	of the fum of money (b carried del monoie qenfi fbit apportew

*»eJ!a. c.i. out	reaIm> td be levied hors de roialme deftre levee de

■	’'' *; of him that (hall bring-, carry, celuy qr la mefnera afportera

or fend it1 out of the fame: ou envoiera hors died! & qp realm: (5): and- that he which celluy qi lelpiera ferra en* elpieth it, and thereof giveth notice au confall ou autre forer knowledge to the council, or dEngleterre atvera la quart par-to the treafuner of England, tie de la forfeiture enfy dues (hall have the fourth part of au Roy fbrfpris les raunceoaa-the forfeiture fo due to the pur finauncc des prisoners En-King, (6) except the ranfoms glois prife* & apprendres de for fines of Engli/h' prisoners pardela & la-monoie qe les taken and to be taken, beyond leudeours emporteroant ovec the fea, and the money (hat the eux pur lour fefonabtes cofta-t foldiers (hall carry with them ges & auxi pur chivalx boefs for their realbnable cods, (7) berbeis & autres chofes acoha-and alfo for horfes, oxen,fheep, tea en Efcoce appprterez ou and other things bought in amefnerez us parties adjoin-Scotland,to be fent and carried amtz ifiint qe la monbie a en-to the parties adjoining; (8) voier pur finance des ditz fo that the money to be fent (briers ou a emporter par les for the fines of the faid prifon- ditz foudeours as parties de ers, or to be carried by the pardela ne foit fait fanz efpe-' faid foldiers to the parties be- dale licence du Roy. Et pur yond the fea, be not done with- ceo qil eft fiippofet qe la mo-out the King’s fpecial licence, note lor du. roialme eft alpor-Merchantsa- ^ And becaufe it is fappofed tez hoes dicelfipar merchaunt® bound tocw- that thc money of gold of the aliens ordeinez eft it eftabliez 17 no gold out realm is carried out of the fame qe les merchants aliens trovenf . of the realm, by merchants aliens, it is or— feurtee en la chaurtcerie chef-dained and ftablifhed, That. cunc compngaie- pur oeux du

the	— fa

«4*30

Anno fccundot Henrik YJ.

8$

fsk compaigne qc null deux na- the merchants aliens fbalj find mefhera hors du roialmje null furety in the chancery, every or nargcnt contre la forme du company for them of. their dit eftatut fur la peine de for- company, that none of them future dicell or ou argent ou fhall carry out of the realm any dc la value dicell k fi afcun de gold or filver againfl the form cux face le contrarie k ceo of the faid ftatute, upon pain duement provez k celuy enfy of forfeiture pf the fame gold fefaunt foit aim outre le meer or filver, or the value of the adonqes les plegges de k com- fame j (io) and if any of them paigne paierount au Roy la for- do the contrary, and that duly future fuifdite dont celly qi la- proved,, and ne fo doing he vera cfpiez k le done a conn- gone over the fea, then the Are au treforer ou a confeill du pledges of his company (hall Roy avera b quart partie come pay to the King the faid fofi-defoia.	feifure, whereof he that (hall

efpy it, and thereof give notice to the treafurer, or to the King’s council, fhall have the fourth part as is aforefud.

CAP. Vll.

Tie penalty of a cordwainer ujtng the myftery of a tanner.

ITEM, becaufe that the leather tanned by cordwainers, ufing Ex edit. Raft.

the myftery of tanners, and alfe much of the leather tanned Cordwainers. by the tanners, is fo deceitfully tanned, that the boots, (hoes, Tanncrs* and other neceffaries thereof made, be in a fmall feafon wafted and deftroyed* becaufe of the evil tanning of the laid leather, to Leather, the £reat deceit and lofs of the commonalty of the realm : it is ordained and eftablilhed. That if any cordwainer dwelling in the realm of England, ufc the myftery of tanner, during the tin^e that he ufeth.the myftery of cordwainer, that he (hall forfeit to the Kingj for every hide by him, or by any other to Jtis ufc tanned vua. viii.d. And that if the cordwainers End any notorious default in the leather, tanned by the faid tanners, or to be tanned, that the tanner of the fame leather fo defedive, (hall forfeit to the King in the lame manner for every hide Co defective vi.s. viii.d. And that he that will foe fhaU nave the one half for his labour, and the King the other half. And that the juftices of the one bench ana of the other, juftices of affiles, jufticet of juftices of peace, the juftices of CheJUr and Lmajler> and mayors peace, of cities and boroughs, having power as juftices of peace, mall have power to enquire, hear and determine the articles an<d matters aforefaid, as well at the King’s fuit, as the parties, or to attaint them by examination, as wen at the fuit of the King as of the party, by the difcretion of the juftices and mayors afore- ^ Ejiz laid. And that this ordinance and ftatute begin to hold place c.s; & t Jac.i. and be put in execution at the feaft of Chriftmas next cpming, c.

ca

CAP.

Digitized by

by Google

Anno fecundo Henrici VI.



Ex edit. Pult. x H. 6.C.3.

CAP. VIII.

Irifhjpen reforting into the realm, Jhall put in furety for their good abearing.

ITEM, whereas it is ordained in the lad parliament amongft other things. That all people bom in Ireland, (hall depart out of the realm within a month next after proclamation made of the faid ordinance, upon pain to lofe their goods, and to be imprifoned at the King’s will, except certain perfons in the fame ordinance excepted, (2) and that the graduates and bene-ficed-men (hould find furety of their good abearing, that they (hould not take upon them the principality of any hall or hoftel, but to remain amongft other Englijh fcholars under the principality of other, (3) and alfo thofe fcholars of Ireland that be not graduates, and be of the King’s obeifance, (hall find furety of their good abearing in the manner as the faid graduates (hall do in the form aforefaid. (4.) And that all the lcholars of Ireland being elfewhere in England, that will here abide, (hall bring every of them by himlelf to the chancellor of England for the time being, before the feaft of St. John Baptift laft paft, letters tinder the feal of the lieutenant or juftices of Ireland^ vitncfling that they be of the King’s obeifance. (5) And that all of them that bring not thofe letters before the feaft of St. John, it (haU be done as of rebels to the King. (6) And from this feaft of St. John forward, no perfon bom in Ireland, (hall enter the realm of England to abide in the univerfity of Oxford or Cambridge, or elfewhere within the realm of England, unlefs he bring to tho (aid chancellor fuch letters teftimonial, upon pain to be punched as rebels to the King.

II. And ibrafmuch as in the faid, ordinance no mention was made, before whom nor in what manner the furety of good abearing as before, (hall be found: it is ordained and eftablimed. That the chancellors of the univeriities of Oxford and Cambridge for the time being, every of them within his jurifdi&ion, lhidl take the fureties to be taken of fcholars within the fame univer-fittes, and certify the feme into the King’s chancery. (2) And that the juftices of peace within the counties, and mayors and bailiffs within cities and boroughs eitfranchifed, have power to take before them fucH manner of furety of good abearing, and to do execution upon them which (hall abide, or do againft the faid ordinance from henceforth.

C AP. IX.

SThe money called blanks Jhall be wholly put out.

ITEM, it is ordained, That proclamation be made through all the counties oiEngknd within franchifes and without. The money and within cities, towns, boroughs, and elfewhere, that all the money called blanks (hall be wholly out and voided out of the put wt. ° y re^lm before the feaft of St. John Bapti/l next coming. And y * moreover that no man after tl^e faid feaft pay or receive fpr pay-

'	ment

Who (hall take fureties of Irifttfnpn that, will retort into die realm according to the ftatute of 1H.6.C.3.

Digitized by

Google

t*23-]	Anno	fectindo	Hskrici	VI.	Z$

ment in any manner within the faid realm, the faid motley called blanks, upon the pain contained and ordained by a ftatute made the third year of King Henry,, father to our lord the King, againft all that pay or receive for payment the money called 3 jnft. 91, gaily halfpence, fufkin, and dotkins within the realm.	St.3. H.5. c#i.

A penalty on deciitful workers of gold and Jilver embroidery.

ITEM pur ceo qe diverfes defautes font trovez en loveraiene Thefa articles de diverfes perfons occupiantz le miftier de brouderie ordei-nez eft & aflentuz qe tout loveraigne & fluff de brouderie dor Ca/’s edition* ou dargent de cipre ou dor deLuke mellee ovec laton de Spayne ic mys a veht en deceit des lieges du Roi foit forfeit au Roy ou as feignurs & autres aiantz fraunchifes dautielx forfaiturs ein ouy franchife autiel overaigne foit trovee. Et durera ceft or-deinance tanqe al parlement procheinment avenir.

Concerning the reverfal of outlatiurilS pronounced again/t

I perfons wbilfi abroad in the King's fervice.

TEM ordeinez eft & aflentuz qe fi afcun utlagarie fur afcun homme efteaurit hors du roialme en le fefvice de Roy ovec

Iuy mefmes ou defoubz afcun capitain foit pronunde & lur ceo e ftoy ou le capitain morege devant qd tieiz utlagariez foient reverfez & la partie qe purfue de rererler afcune tiel utlagarie a caufe fufdit voet allegger fon capitain deftre mort qe adonqs fa demoeufe al temps des ditz utlagaries foit certifiez par les exe-cutours ou miniftrours des tielx capitains ou clerkes de lours monftres ou afcun autre notable perfone folonc la difcretion des juftices en mefme le manefe come le capitain ceo deuft avoir certifiez fil feufle en vie purveux toutfoitz qe laverrement foit receu pur noftre feignut* le Roy qe le eaptain eft en plein vie Sc auxi qd la partie feuft en Engleterre eh temps de tielx utlagaries pronun-riez fi avant comead fefte feit devant ces heurs en cas qe le capitain fuift en plein vie. Et durera ceft ordenance tsln^e al par* lement profcheinment avenir*

The juftices Jhall inquire into and remove certain nuifancis on the Thames.

ITEM pur ceo qe deu ferche & eorre&ioh neft pas fait eqi leawe de Thamife dehors les bdurides de la fraunchife de Loundres en les countes de Surr* Kent ic Eflex pioufours mef-chiefs ore tarde ount eftee faitz de deftru&ion des gentz niefs tc merchandifes & frie de peflon par les weres kydelles Sc trunkes la efteantz noefantz ordeinez eft Sc aflentuz qe feveralx cdtnmif-fions foient faitz as juftices de pees des ditz county pur le temps efteantz denquelrer des tieux noifantfc dehors la dite fraunchife de Londres fi fovent come bofoigne foit Sc de certifier de temps en temps en le bank le Roy Ceo qent ferra trovee par les inqui-fitions enfi affairs & facent les juftices de dit banke fur les ditz certifications autielx proccfles ertvers eux qenfi ferront trovez trefpaffours come lour meulx femblera par la ley & facent eux remoever lour anoefantz enfy faitz falvez a chefcun fon droit Sc title en leg weres kydelx Sc trynkes avauntditz* Et durera celle ordinaunce tanqe al parlement profcheinment avenir*	*afk,	c.	15.

* Digitize Py^feogk



$6	Anno fecando HENRtCi VI.

CAP. X.

What mourner of inferior officers fhall be appointed in the King’s courts.

ITEM, to the ihtent that TTEM al entent qe le pluis better and more lure go- A bone & feure govemaunce vemment be had within the ioit euz dedeins les courtes courts of our lord the King, noftre feignur le Roy a fon for his profit, and eafe of his profit & al eafe de fon poeple people, which have to purfoe qont a purfuer & affaire en y-tod to do in the fame; it is or- cdles ordeinezeft & eftabliz qe What manner darned and ftahli&ed, That all toutz les officers faitz par let-of inferior o- the officers madeby the King's tres patentz roialx deins les fficere (hall be fetters patents Joyai within tho ditz courtes qont poiar & auc-SeKing’«in £*dcourts, which have power torite par vertue de lour office courts by- fu- and authority, by virtue of dauncien temps accuftumes de perior officers, their offices of old times ac- faire clercs & miniftres deins Cuftomed, to appoint clerks mefmes les courtes foient char-imd minifters within the fame gez & jurrez de faire tidx Courts, (hall be Charged and clercs & miniftres pur qels ils fworn to appoint fuch clerks Voillent refpoundre a lour pe-fend mmifters, for whom they rill qi foient fufficeantz foialx will anfwer at their peril, whicn & entendantz a ceo qe a eux be fufficient, faithful, and at- appertient au efploit fibien de tending to that which pertain- les bofoignes du Roy come de cth to them in performance of fon poeple. the bufinefe, as well of the 4 Inft. i ifr	King as of his people.

cap. xr.

The fever al meafures of vejfels of mney eels, herrings9 and falmons.

ITEM, whereas in old time it TTEM combien qen aunciett was ordained and lawfully A temps fuift ordeinez & loi-Ufed, That tuns, pipes, tertians, alment ufez qe toneux pipes hogsheads of Gafcoigne wine, tercians hoggeftiedes de vyn de barrels of herring and of eels, and Gafcoigne barelles de harank butts of falmrtn, coming by way of & danguilles & buttes de famon merchandife into this land out of veignant par voie de merchan-firange eounfrieX> and alfo bade dife en Ceft terre hors des e-in the fame land, fhouldte of cer- ftraunges pais & auxi faitz en lain meafttre \ that is to fay, The mefme la terre ferroient de cer-tun of wine CCVA. gallons, the tein melure ceftaflavoir le to-'pipe&xxvi. galleys, the tertian nell de vyn de & xii galons Ixxxiv. gallons, the hogshead lxfii. le pipe de ” h vi galons la ter-gallons, the barrel of herring and cian de & iiii galons le hog-of eels xxx. gallons fully packed, gefhede de ixiii galons le bareH the butt df mhnon Ixxxiv. gallons de harank & danguilles de xxx fully packed', neverthelefs, by de- galons pleinement pakkez le vice and fubtilty now late fuch butte de famon de” & iiij ga-. v * ixffilrhdve been of'much lefsmea- Ions pleinement pakkez nient-°	~	* jure* (o the great deceit and lofs lemainspai'ymagmation & fub-

§f Digil. d by C:	tilite



Anno fecundo Henrk:i VL

tilitc ount jatard eftee faitz tieux vefleux de pluis petite mefure a graunde perde cc de-fceit au Roy & de fon poeple dount en cede parlement 'fuift ppez efpecialmcnt de remedie oi eft ordeinez Sc eftablez qe mill homme apres le fyn de xii moys lefeft de Pafque proichein avenir profcheinemcnt enfu-antz apporte en le royalme dEngleterre de qel pails qe ceo (oitneiface deins meftne leroy-aknetonell de vyn fil ne con-^ teigne del roefiofe d£ngleterre* galons le pipe#* vj ga-lons & enfy foionc lafteraunt le tercian Sc le ;hogg$(bede de vyn de Gafcoigne lur peine de forfeiture de mefme le vyn ne ixoreU de harank ne danguilles fils ne iconteignerit xxx galons pleinement pakkez ne butte de felmoniil ne eonteigne EJ Sc iiij gdlons pleinement pakkez ne xynderkyns Mercians Sc ferde--kynp de harank ne danguilles ne de femon forfqe foionc laf-fenuntpldneinent pakkez puis Je fieft de Nativitee de Seint Johan leBaptiftre profchein a-venir for peyne de forfeiture de ks harank angutiles Sc famon nvauntditz enfy apportez ou iaitz au contrarie de eeft ordi-/xutmcc en quell cites burgh Sc ville du royalme ou en afcune partie dEnglctcrre qe tieux de-feutez foienttrovez au feignur de mefaie 1* ville & qecelluy qi voet fuer ic prater les ditz de-feutz avera la quart partie de metmeJa forfeiture. £t qe les jufbees du pees en toutt les eountes dEngleterre mairs & baiUifs aiantz poair denquerer .de peax enqutrgeroient Sc ter-minerrttoutz iceux defeutz. Et

:/ek force fibicn dedeins le xounteedeCeftrcjcome ailloucs. 6

of the King and of his people, wherepf [pedal remedy was prayed in the parliament ? (2) it is ordained and itabltfhed, That no man, after the end of twelve months from the feaftof Eqffar next coming, (hall bring into the realm of Englandfrom what country foevetit be, nor make within die feme,-realm., a tun of wine, except it contain of the Englijh meafure CClii. gallons, the pipe Cxxvi. gallons, and fo after the rate the tertiaa and the hogfhead of Gafcoign wine, upon pain of forfeiture of the feme wine; (3) nor barrel of herring, nor of eel$, unlcfs they contain xxx. gallons .fully packed; nor butt of falmon, unlefe it contain lxxxiv. gallons fully packed ; nor kin-derkinsj tertians, and firkins of herring, nor of eels, nor of <feJmon, but after the rate fully packed, after the feaft of the Nativity of St .John the Baptift .next coming, upon pain of forfeiture of the faid herring* eels, and felmon, fo brought or made contrary to this ordinance, in what city* borough, and town of the realm, or in any part of England, that fuch defaults be found, to the lord of the fame town; (4) and that he which will fue and prove the faid defaults, (hall have the fourth part of the feme forfeiture. (5) And the juftices qf peace in all the counties of England^ and mayors and bailiffs, having power to inquire of the peace, (hall inquire^ hear, and determine all the fame defaults. (6) And that this ordinance extend and have ftrength, as well within the county of CbeJIer,zs elfewhere.

«7;

The meafure of a tun, See. of wide, and of a barrel of eels, htnriogi, and felmon t.

18 H.6.C.17* 1R.3.C.13. 18 H.8. c.j*.

G4

CAR.

Digitized by

Google

Anno fccundtt HfilJRrci VI.

CAP. XII.

fhe office and duty of the King's affayer, controllour, and mafter of the Mint.

Themafter of TTEM, fo the mteftt that TTEM a lentent qe le pluis k TsaHa ^ the more bullion may be A greindre bullion puiffe eftre inmaking o? brought to the mint, and the apporte a le mynte& le grendre white money, greater plenty of white money plente de blank money eftre be made ana current within faitz & currant deinz le rokdme the realm, fortheeafe and pro- pur le aife & profit dir comfit of the commonalty of the munalte dicelle ordeinez eft & lame, it is ordained and fta- eftabliz qe le maiftre del mynt blifhed. That the mafter of the m garde fon allaie en la fefcmce mint (hall keep his allay in the le la blank monoie folonc la making of White money ac- forme de fa indenture et qe cording to the form of his in- mefme le meiftre refceive de denture; (a) and that the fame chefcurf homme qi portera af-mafter receive of every perfon, cun argent a la mynt mefme that (hall bring any (ilver to largent a la verroie value come the mint, the fame metaey at il vstut folonc mefme lallaie fur' the true value as it is worth ac- peine de paier le double da-*-cording to the fame allay, up- mage a la partie. Et auxi ai on pain to pay to the party his entent qe ceft ordeignance pu-double damages. (3) Andalfo iflfe le meulx & pluis joufte-to the intent that this ordi- ment eftre gardez ordeinez eft nance may the better and more qe laffaiour du Roy qi eft per-juftly be obferved, it is ordain- fone indifferent parentre le mai^ ed, That the King’s affayer, ftre del mynt & le merchant Which is a perfon indifferent & auxi le countroHour del mynt betwixt the mafter of the mint foient prefentez qant afeun tide and the merchant, and alfo bullion dargent foit porte a le the controller of the mint, (hall mynte a lentent qe le dit af-be prefent when any fuch bul- faiour puis droitement mettre lion of filver is brought to the le value dicell folonc lallaie mint, to the intent that the en cas del variaunce parentre The office and laid affayer may rightfully fet le maiftre et le merchant et le duty of the the value of the fame accord- countroullour a countrouller fi-*n£ to t^ie *aw’ *n ca^c Va~ bien largent qeft apportez en riance betwixt the mafter and la dit mynt come afportez hors the merchant; and the con- dicell chefcun deux jurrez de '	troller to controul as well filver faire foialment & endefferent-

that is brought to the faid mint, ment lour devoir /fanz afeun ' as carried out of the fame, regarde prendre autre qe le every two days faithfully and fee qils preignont du Roy fur indifferently to do their duty, la peine de paier double di-without taking any reward mage com defuis ct qe ceux other than the fee which they affaiour & countroullour foientz % (hall take of the King, upon vaillamtz crcdiblez'& expertz pain to yield double damages, perfones aiantz notoier fcieace as afore is faid; (4) and that en le miftier dorfeour & de

the	mynt.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno fecundo Henrici Vi.

the aflayer and Controller be credible, fubftantial, and ex-

!>ert men, having perfe<ft know-edge in the myftery of gold-fmiths, and of the mint. (5) And alfo that neither the mailer of the mint, nor the exchanger for the time being, fell, nor caufe to be fold, nor aliene to any other ufe but to the coin, no manner of gold nor of filver wrought or unwrought, coined or not coined, or bullion which isbrougfrt to the mint, or to the exchange, but apply the fame only to the money, according to the form of the faid indenture, upon the pain contained in the fame indenture. (6) And that the fame mailer of the mint caufe to be llricken, from time to time, half-nobles, farthings of gold, groats, half-groats, pence, half-pence, and farthings, for the eafe of the people, according to the tenor or the indenture mode betwixt the King and him, upon the pain contained in the fame, fo that die common people may have re-courfe to the exchange for fmall gold and white money, as they reafbnably (hall need. •

*4*3-1

mvnt. Et aoxi qe le maiftre del xnynt ne le chaungeour pur le temps efteant venae ne face vendre ne aliene a null autre oeps forfqe a le coigne null maner dor ne dargent overe ou nient overee coignee ou nient coignee ou bullion qeft portez a la mynt ou a lefchaunge mcs ieell applie toutfoulment a le monoie folonc la forme de len-denture avantdite fur la peine contenuz en mefme lenden-ture. Et qe mefme le maiflre del mynt face fertre de temps en temps demy nobles ferlynges dor grofies demy grofles deniers males & ferlinges pur le aife du poepie folonc le tenour del dite endenture fait parentre le Roy ic luy fur la peine contenuz en ycell Mint qe le commune poeple puis avoir recours a lefchaunge pur petit or & blanke monoie come ils refon-ablement bofoigncront.

89

The office of the controller of the mint. The matter of the mint fliall convert into coin all the gold and lil-ver which he . fhall receive. The matter of the mintfhall make fmall money.

CAP. XIII.

The price of a pound of filver in	p* piece, or tnafs.

ITEM, foraftmich as great fcaicity of white money is with- Exedit Raftak in the realm, becaufe that filver is bought and fold not coined, at the price of xxxij. s. the pound of Troy, whereas the fame pound is no more of value at the coin than xxxij. s.

(abated for the coinage twelve pence) it is ordained and efta-

blifhed, for the inefeafe of white money. That no man, of

-what eftate or condition that he be within the realm, (hall buy or

fell no filver in plate, piece, nor in made, brine as good of allay

as tho fterling, above thirty (hillings the pound of Troy, over

the fafhion, upon the pain of forfeiture of the double value of as

much as he buyeth or felleth contrary to this ordinance. And

that the one half be forfeited to the King’s ufe, and the other half

to the ufeof him that will fue and prove the feme forfeiture. Pro- Mafter of the

vided always, That they which go to the coin, may have and nunt.

take of the mafter of the feme coin, according as is lawfully

contained in the indentures thereof made betwixt the King

and him. And alfo the mafter of the feid mint, for the time

being,

Digitized by

Google

90	Anno	fecondo	HeNrici	VI.	[1423*-

being, may take and deliver as is. contained ia tkeiaid inden-Re at Tac i turcs w*t*10ut taking more finr the eafe and .profit of the com-Pr** J"	mon people.

CAP. XIV.

The	fnenejs	of	hardnefs of and the ■marks -with

which it fhall be marked.

c.*8.

None lhalt .fell JXEM, Trhat no goldfmkh,

fflve* unless it *	vo’Alvei-within

be as fine as the city ©f London, fell any the sterling} workman (hip of filver, unleis it.he as .fine as.the fteriing, except the fame need folder in themakmg, which fhall be allowed according as the folder is neceflary to be wrought in nor until it be the fame, fa) And that no

markedwttlf goWfiauth jeweller. nor, the gold-	any other that workethnarnefs

faith's known of filver, (hall fet any. of the mark. fiameto.fell within .the city,!*-, fore that it he [touched with [the touch [of the, leopards beady if it map reafonably bear the fame touch*'] and dfD with the mark or fign of the workman of the feme, upon :pain of forfeiture of the double, as afore is faid.; and that the mark and fign Thepenaltyon ofeveiy goldfcnith be known to. the keeper of the wardens of the fame craft, the touch.

who toucheth any veflel not fufticient in allay*

Several cities

ITEM qe null orfeour ne overour daagent deine la citee de Loundres vende null overaigne dargent fil ne (ok auxi fynecome le fterlyng for-fptris ceo qe bofoigne foudure enla fefance le quell >fait alowe fokmc ceo qe la foudour fok acceflarie pur eftre overee *a yoell. Et qe null orfeour ne jueHonr nautre homtne qe oe-pece harneisdargcnt mettenull dicell a vendre rieinz la dite citee devantceo qefoit touches ovec ile touche del lead rde li-barde .ceo qe puifc Tefcnahk-ment porter a^fme le toutihe &:auxi ove un marque ©u figne del overour dicell furneine de la forfaiture de la double come defuis eft dit et qe lemarque ou figne (de chefcun orfeourfoit conuz a les gardeins de mcfimo le:mifier» Et fil tpoet eftre trove qe le dit gardein de la touche fiiifdite touche afcundel heraoys ovek le teft del iibard fil nefoit auxi fyne en allaiefcoine leftey-Ivng qe adonqes le dit;gardei& de le touche >pur chefcune chofc enfy prove nientfi bon en a lays come le dit efterlyng forfkce Ja double value ;au Hoy & a •la partie come il eft vcy defuis recite. Et auxi femhlabkmient eft ordcine en la citee dEvqr-wyk Novell GhafteU for Tyne Lincoln Nqrwice Briftowe Sa-Jesbury & Coventre qe chefcun ait divetfes.touches folonc lonjinanfce des mairs baillifs ou govemonxs de mefines les villes

"* Thde word* in the Italic letterare printed-only in Mr.^CaySedition*

(3) And if it may be found, that the faid keeper of the touch touch any fuch harnefs with the leopard’s head, except ,it bcasfine in allay as the ller jing, that then the keeper of the touch for every thing fo proved -not as good in allay as the faid Reeling, (hall forfeit the double gratae to the King and to the f>aity*.as is above recited. (4.) And alfoit is Ultewife ordained .in the city of Tori^ IdeyacdfUe

Slhavefcve.	Tfa

ral touches. BniJhL, Salt finry> and Coventry*

-that every one (hall have divers touches, according to the ordinance of the mayors, bailiffs,

or

Digitized by

Google

*4*3*1 Anno fecundo Henrioi VI.

viHes et qe null orteour nau- orgoverm>rsofthefeinetowtt$; tres overours dargent Tie gar- (5) and that no goldfmith, nor «ieyn des ditz touches dedeins other workers of fever, nor ycellesviHes mette a vente ne keeper of the faid touches with-touche null argent en autre in Ae fe^e towns, fliall fetto xnanere qe neft ordeine parde- fale, or touchany filver in other vant deinz !a citee de Loundres manner than is ordained be-fur peine del forfeiture avandit. fore within the city of London*

Et enoutre qenullorfeour nau- upon pain of the fold forfeiture, tre overour dargent dedeinz le (6) And moreover that no gold-rofalme dEngleterre ou null imith, or other workerof filver touche eft ordhie come defuis within the realm of England, dit overee mtH argeht fil ne Where no touch is ordained as foit auxi fyn en ahie come afore is faid, (hall work any leilerlyng. Et qe'forfeour ou Silver, except it be as foie in loverour dkell argent mette allay as the fteriing* and that far ycell fon marque ou figne the goldfrroth or worker of the Levant ceo qe le mette a la vent fame filver fet upon the fame . ct fil (bit trove qe ne foit auxi his marie or fign before he fet fine come lefterlyng qadonqs it tofale; (7 ) and if irbe found, ie overour dicell forrace le dou- that it is not as fine as the ble value en marlere & forme fterimg, that then the worker come il eft devant recitez demz of the feme ftiall forfeit the fc citee de Loundrez. Et qe double value, in manner and # les juftices de la pees mairs & form as before is recited within '"baHIife & toutz autres aiantz the city of London* (8) And Juftices of the ‘poahr come juftices de pees the juftices of peace, mayors peace,mayors, tHent enquergent & determi- and bailiffs, and ail other having q^Veof^ nent par bille pleint ou en autre power as juftices of peace, (hall and determine 'Trnnere de toutz ceux qi facent hear, inquire, and determine, the offences a--le contrair de mefmes les otdi- by bill, plaint, or in other forefaid. nances & ent facent due exe- manner, of all that do condition folonc lour efiferetions. trary to the faid ordinances,

Purveux toutz foitz qe fi le and thereof to make due exe-‘maiftre del mynt qore eft ou cution by their drferetions. (9)

*	quy pur le temps ferra offende Provided always. That if the

*	ou ad ofFenduzen fon office du mafter of the mint which now dit mynte qadonqs foit il cor- is, or which for the time foall redtc ic juftifie folonc la forme be, offend, or have offended

de les endentures avauntditz. in his office of the faid mint,aSEd.i.ftat.3.

that then he be punifhed and c. *0. juftified according to the fofm fJ c*,f of the faid indentures.	’*	EK	c‘**

Juftices may puniflj	fervants, mafons, , &cc. for

taking unreafonable wages.

ITEM come en le temps de noble Roy Henry pier a noftreThis article feignur le Roy qoreft en fon parlement tenuz a Leyceftre is printed only lan de fon regne fecunde foit ordeigne qe les juftices ide pecs^A1**- Cay’s en chefrune counte dEngleterre durffent examiner toutz maners^1*100’ de fervantz en lour'countecs qi preignent falaries excedauntz

la

r

Digitized by <^.ooQLe

Ahno fecundo HfeNWCi VI. {142

h dite ordinance & les punirfolonc melme lordinahce ordeinez. eft & affentuz qe les ditz juftices aient poiar dappelier it de fair vcnir devant eux par Venire facias it diftringas les maiftr^s aiantz & occupiantz les. ditz fervantz & par attach’ mefmes les fervantz & ycelles examiner de le doner de lour falarie it la prifc de ceo qils donent a lour ditz fervantz. Et fii foit trove par examination ou en autre manere qe les ditz majfires donent pluis qe accordant au dite otdinance qe adonqes les ditz mai~ .ftres qi pluis donent it chefcun de eux qi pluis done pairont & paiera au Roy pur chefcune falarie paiez a afcune fervant con-trarie lexcefle & oe a mefme lordinance mefmes les fervantz enfi preignauntz ot ent par lour coni dance ou en autre loial manere atteintz eient leroprifonment dune mois faunz bailie ou mainprife. Et fi afcun vifcont baillif de fraunchife gaoler ou afcun autre aiant la garde dez priforis deinz fraunchife ou dehors ou afcun de lour deputees mette afcune tielle perfone au bailie ou mainprife qe adonqes il perdra au Roy pur chefcun tiel homme leffe a bailie ou a mainprife xx s. et qe lez juftices de pees aient poair dappelier devant eux par attach’ mafons carpenters tilers thakkers daubers & toutz autres laborers it eux examiner et fils trovent par examination ou en autre manere <je afcune des ditz perfbnes ad pris a contrarie a les leies it ordinances faitz devant ces heurs pardevant qe adonqes celluy qeft trove enfi preignant ait lempriionement dun moys* Et qe mefmes les juftices aient poair dappelier devant eux par attach* taillours cordewaners tanners bochers pefchours it cariours de peflon hoftilers & toutz autres artificers it vitaillers it de eux affefler it chefcun de eux a vendre & prendre folonc les difcretions des ditz Juftices it fi afcun de eux preigne le con-trarie a mefme lafieUion & de ceo par examination ou en autre manere foit trove coupable qe adonqs mefmes les perfones enfy trovez coupablez it chefcun deux face it facent fyn folonc les difcretions des juftices St ait lemprifonement dun moys faunz baill ou mainprife come defuis eft dit. Et qe ceft ordinance extende fibien deinz citees & burghs ou ils ount poair it au&oritee come juftice de pees come en les countees fuifditz, Et endurera ceft ordinance tanqe al parlement profeheynment avenir.

CAP

No man Jhall faften nets

ITEM it is ordained. That the ftanding of nets and engines called Trintsy and all other nets, which be and were wont to be faftened and hanged continually day and night, by a certain time of the year, to great pofts, boats, and anchors, overthwart the river of Thames and other rivers of the realm*

. XV.

to any thing over rivers.

ITEM ordeignez eft & efta-bliz qe le ftation des reis & engines appellez trynkes & de toutz autres maners reis qi font St foloient eftre fichez it attachez continue] ment de noet St jour par certein temps del an as grauntz poftes batcls & anchres au travers la rivere de Thamife Sc autres rivers du roialme

Digitized by L,ooQle

93

14*3-]	Anno fecundo Henrici VI.

roialme quele ftation eft caufe & occafion del auxi graund & pJuis deftru&ion del brode & frie de peffon & deftourbance del commune pafikge del vef-feulx come font les weres ky-delx ou nulles autres engines foit tout outrement defenduz pur tout temps avenir et qe chefcun qi les mette ou fifehe deforenavant as tielx poftes ba-telx & anchres ou chofe fern-blable pur continuelment eftoi-fer pome <Jit eft Scent fojt due-ment & par corns ley con-vkftz forface au Roy Cs. a chefcun temps qil eft enfi pro-vee en defaut. Purvfeux tput-foitz qe bien life as pofleflours des ditz trynkes fils foient dafEfe pefehier ovec eux en tout temps feifonable les en-trahantz & conveiantz par main come antres pefehours font ove autre$ reis & non fichantz & attachaptz les ditz reyes a6 poftes batelx & anchres pur continue! pienteftoifer come dit eft’falvjint joutfoitz a chefcun liege du Roy lour drQit title & pnheritaunce en lour pefeheries en la ewe avauntdit*

realm, which (landing is a caufe of as great and more dc-ftru&ion of the brood and fry of fith, and difturbance of the common paftage of veflels, as be the wears, kydels, on any other engines, be wholly defended for ever; (2) and that The penalty every perfon that fetteth or oftbofe which fafteneth them hereafter to do fallen fuch ports, boats, and anchors, or °~ or like thing, continually to ftand as afore is faid, and be duly thereof by the courfe of the law convidl, (hall forfeit tp the King Cs. at every time that he is fo proved in default. (3) In whatfort Provided always. That it mall owner* of be lawful to the pofieftbrs of trinks may the faid trinks, if they be of fid* with them, afljfe, to filh with them in all feafonable times, drawing and pulling them by hand, as other fifliers do with other nets, and not fattening or tacking the faid nets to pofts, boats, and anchors, continually to ftand as afore is faid ; (4) faving always to every of tne King’s liege people their right, title; and inheritance in their fifh-iqgs if) the faid water.

CAP. XVI.

Perfons in the reverfion may fue for the right to efiates, notwitbftanding any defaults committed by the former pojfeffors. . ‘

ITEM come ordeigpe foit par eftatqt fait Weftm* lan du This chapter regne le Roy E. fitz le Roy H. trefzime qe ft breve foit and the next porte vers le baron & fa femme ou envers tenant a terme de following arc vie a terme dautre vie ou par le curtefie ou tenant en le taiU apres poflibilite diflue exteint & le baron ou tielx tenauntz fount edition. 7 defame apres defaute ou yoillent rendre al demaundant foil dem^tide qe fi le femme ou ceux a qi le reverfion eft veignent devant juggement rendu qils ferront receux a defendre lour droit. Et pur ceo qe les juftices du Roy font ore en graunt awereuftee fi le baron ou afeun des ditz tenauntz font defaut apres defaut ou rendent ladlion as demaundant les queux de-fautz ou redditions font recordez a un terme & des certeins caufes les juftices moevantz le juggement mis en refpite & jour don outre tanqual profehein terme fi ceux cn la reverfion *	ferront

Digitized by

Google

AnnotcrtiaKEBHMcr VI.	l*4*4>

ferront rcceux a ccllc darrein terme a dtfendrc lour droit. Et

Koftier tiel aweroude & doute ordeinez eft & declarez par & affent fatfdkz qe ceux en reverfion purront eftre receux a defendre lour droit fils veignent a afcun temps devant jugge-meat rendu en tielx cafes devant declarez accordant a les forme & parols en le dit eftatut contenuz. Et qe ycefte ordinaunce fe extende as brefs unqore pendantz 6c le juggement unqore nient renduz come en actions defore enavaunt amovers. Et darera cefte ordinance tanqual parlement profchinement avenir.

cap. xvn.

Perfons huTtiled of high treafon efcaping out of prifon {ball bo adjudged traitors.

ITEM come en temps le noble Roy E. tiers apres le con-queft lan de fon regne xxv. a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ furent declarez par eftatut fen le dit parlement quelles chofes duiffent eftre ditz traifon entre queux fi homme fuifte enditez appellez ou pris par fufpecion de graund traifon & pur cefte caufe commilc & detenuz en prifon du Roy & puis tiel prifone efchape hors de prifon de Roy declaration ne niilte faite avant ces heurs le quele tiel efchape ferroit adjugge traifon ou nient ordeinez eft 6c declarez par audiorite diceft prefent parlement par eftatut qe fi afcune perfone foit endite appelle ou pris pur fufpecion de graunt traifon come avant eft dit et foit commys & detenuz en prifone du Roy pur celle caufe & efchape volunte-rement hors du dit prifone qe tiel efchape foit adjugge & declare traifon fi tiel perfone ent foit duement atteint folonc le lev de cefte terre. * Et eient les feignurs du fee en tiel cas les efchetes & forfaitures des terres & tenementz de eux tenuz de tielx perfoncs iffint atteintz come de ceux qi font atteintz de petite traifon. ^ Et teignent cell ordinance & declaration lieu tc effedl del xx jour dOdlob’ darrein pafle tanqe au parlement profcheinement avenir.

Statutes made at Wejlminjler> Anno 3 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1424.

NOSTRE feignur le Roy pas advys 6c aflent des feignurs efpirituelx & tempo-relx & a lelpecial requeft des communes en cefte parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le darrein jour dAverili lan de fon regne tierce ad ordtncfc & cftaWiz certeins ordinances 6c eftatuts a lonour de Dieu 6c pur le hien de fon roialme CD la fburme anfuant.

OUR lord the King, by the advice and ajfcnt of the lords fptritual and temporal\ and at the fpecial requejl of the commons* af Jembled in this parliament, holaen at Weftminfter the lafl day of April* the third year of his riign> hath ordained and efiablijbed certain ordinances and Jlatutes, to the honour of God, and for the weal of bis realm > in the form following.

CAP.

Digitized by CjOOQle



Anno tcrtitf He»RICI VI,

as

CAP. I,

Majms JkaU not confederate tbmfehes in chapiters and of-

fetnblies.	^

FIRST, whereas by the yearly congregations and confederacies made by the mafons in their general chapiters and aflem-Mies, the good courfe and effedt or the ftatufces of labourers be openly violated and broken, in fubverfion of the law, and to the great damage of all the commons; (2) our faid lord the King willing in this cafe to provide remedy by the advice and aflent aforefaid, and at the fpecial requeft of the faid commons, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That fuch chapiters and congregations (hall not be hereafter holden. (3) And if any fuch be made, they that caufe fuch chapiters and congregations to be aflembled and holden, if they thereof be convidt, fhalhbe judged for felons. {4) And that all the other mafons that corfie to fuch chapiters and congregations, be punilhed byimprifonment of their bodies, and make fine and ranfom at the king’s will.

CAP. II.

Sheep Jhall not be tranfparted beyond fea without the King's

licence.

ITEM pur cep qe plufours diverfes perfones amefrient hors du roialme de temps en temps grande nombre des ber-bees lanutz en Flaundres & au-tres paiis de pardela le meer be Ja ils fount eux tonder & ven-dent fibien mefmes les berbees comeles laines dicelles as hora-paes de mefme la paiis ifiint qc par tielx perfones les berbees deinz mefme la paiis de Flaundres & autres parties deins brief temps font veraifembla-btez deftre grandement encre-cez & multipltez a trefgrande deceit perde & damage noftre dit feigtmr le Roy de Tes cuftu-mes et fubfidies des ditz laines & auxi grande arreriflequent de tout le roialme & amemufement it depreffion de la price des lams fibien a leftaplede Caleis come cy en Engleterre fil ne foit purveji de remedie celle partie noftre dit feigmir eonfi-derant les premifles de ladvis afient

ITEM, becaufe that divers per-fins do from time to time carry out of the realm great number of Jheep with fleeces into Flanders, and other countries beyond the fea, and there they Jhear them, and fell as well the fame Jheep, as the wools of the fame, to men of the fame country,fi that by fuch per fins the Jheep within the faid country of Flanders, andother parts,inJbort time be likely to be much increafed, to the great deceit, hfs, and da-mage of our lord the King, of his cvjlom and fubfidies of the faid wools, and alfi to the great kin-drome of all the realm, and diminution and abatement of the price of wools, as well at the Jlaple at Calais as- herein England, unlefs remedy be provided in tins behalf 5 (z) our faid lord the King* confidering thepremifies, by the advice and afient, and at the requeft aforefaid, hath ordained and granted by the authority of the faid parliament, That no manner

Ex edit Pult. jlnft. 99.

It (hall be felony to caufe mafons to confederate themfelves in chapiters and aifemblies.

8 El. c.j.

Whofbcrer fhalftraal-port (heap n>-any part beyond the fea (hall forfeit them.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno tcrtio Henrici VI. [1424.

manner of perfon, of what ef-tate or condition that he be, hereafter be fuffered to (hip within the realm of Englandzny fheep, fleeced or (horn, into the faid country of Flanders, or to any other parts beyond the tea, except it be to victual the town of Calais and the marches thereof. (3) And that every man that maybe efpied, which under the colour of victualling of the fame town and inarches of Calais y pafleth into any other places, than to the fame town and marches, with any fheepfleeced or (horn (except he have the King’s licence) (hall forfeit to the King the fame (heep, or the value thereof, as oftentimes as he (hall be found in default.

aflent & requeft fiuilditz ad or-dinez & grantez par audtorite du dit parlement qe null tnaner de perfone de quele eftat ou condition qil foit de cy ena-vaunt foit fuffrez delkipperou faire efkipper deinz le roialme afeunes berbees lanutz ou ton-duz en ladite paiis de Flaun-dres ou autres parties de par-dela le meer fil ne foit pur la vitailler de la ville de Caleys & les marches dicelles. Et qe chefcun homme qe poet eftre efpiez qe foubz colour de vitailler du dite ville ou marches de Caleys qil pafle a afeun autre lieu qe a mefmes les ville & marches ovefqe afeuns berbees lanuz ou tonduz (il ne ait licence roialle qil forface au Roy mefmes les berbees ou le value dicelles fi fovent defoitz com? il foit trove defedtif.

CAP. III.

The penalty of a cuftomer, &c. concealing the King's cuftom.

The penalty of a cuftomer, coUe&or, or controller, concealing the King's cuftom.

Dyer, sj*.

4 H. 4. c. so.

2 El. C.II. f.7. ifEl.c.j. f

ITEM it is ordained and ef-tabliftied, That if any cuftomer, colledtor, or controller of the King’s cuftoms of coc-kets of cloths, of fubfidies of tunnage or poundage, in any port or place of England, be duly attainted or convidt at the King’s fuit, of falfe concealing of the King’s cuftom or fubfidy duly entered and paid by any merchant, that then the faid cuftomer, colledtor, or controller fo duly attainted or convidt by the law, (hall lofe and forfeit to the King the treble value of the merchandifes fo duly cuf-tomed, and make fine and ranfom. (2) And he that will fue, (hall have the third part for fyi$ labour.

ITEM ordinez eft Sc eftabliz qe (1 afeune cuftumer col-ledtour ou countrollour des cuftumes du Roi de cokettes de draps del fubfidies del tonage ou pondage en afeun portou lieu dEngleterre foit duement & loialment atteinte ou con-vidtz al fuyte du Roi ou al fuvte dafcunc autre perfone purla-vauntage du Roi de faux con-celement de cuftume ou fubfi~ die du Roi duement entre & paie par afeune merchant qa-donqes le dit cuftumer collec-tour ou controllour enfi duement atteint & convidt par la ley perde Sc forface au Roi le treble value des merchandifes enfi duement cuftumez & face fyn & raunceon. Et fi afeun homme le voet fuer ait le tierc? partie pur (bn labour.

CAP,

/

Digitized by Google

*4-250

97

Anno quarto Henrici VI.

CAP. IV.

Licence may be granted to convey butter and chcefe to any

place.

ITEM, whereas by a ftatute made in the time of the noble Ex edit Pult* King Edward the Third, it was ordained. That the ftaple. Altered by and the merchandifes of the ftaple (hould be carried to Calais, j ^ a* ph.C&* amongft which merchandifes it was ordained by the fame fta- M.c.5.13. & tute, That butter and cheefe (hould be merchandifes of the fta- i4.Car.i.c.i6. pie, (2) by which ordinances divers perfons of the realm of England have had great damage, becaufe that the faid butter and cheefe be fo tender merchandifes that they connot tarry their merchants, as our lord the King hath percened by the grievous complaint of his faid commons: (3) the fame our lord the The lord King, willing to provide remedy in this behalf, by the advice chancelIcrr and alTent aforefaid, hath ordained and eftablilhed, That he that ^ceto anr will carry butter and cheefe to any other parts than to the faid to convey 7 ftaple, (nail fue to the chancellor of England for the time being butter and to have licence in this behalf. (4) And that the fame chancel- c^c^e to an3f lor have power to make to him fuch licences under the King’s blfidef thcT great feal, if it like him fo to do by his diferetion.	ltapie.

CAP. V.

Commijftons may be awarded to certain perfons, to reform the river Ley, running from Ware to Thames.

ITEM, whereas in the laft parliament it was granted. That a Ex

commiflion for the water called the Ley, one of the great ri 7 Lcy thc nver* vers, which extendeth from the town of IVare till the water of Thames, in the counties of Hertford, EJfex, and Middlefex, to fur-vey, redrefs, and amend all the defaults in the faid water, for the paflage of (hips and boats, as in the ordinances and fta-tutes of the King’s noble progenitors is contained: And foraf-much as the fame commiffion was dire&ed to divers great men Commiffion. lords and other perfons, which thereto might not attend: it is ordained and ftablifhed. That the chancellor of England (hall have Chancellor of power to grant fuch commiffions at all times needful to fuch in- ^ c’ different perfons dwelling thereabout, which thereto beft can j^eUz. c.*i« and may attend to enquire, redrefs, and amend all the defaults being in the faid water, as well by divers trenches made out of the laid water, as of ail other manner (tanks, kidels, wears or mills, being or made to the annoyance of the paflage of boats in the faid water, according to the purport and tenor of the fta-tutes in this cafe provided and ordained.

Statutes made at Leicefler, Anno 4 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1425,

CEUX font les eftatuts & 'T'HESE be the ordinances and ordinances faitz par nof- X ftatuies made by our five-

III.	tre	H	reign

Digitized by

Google

9*

tteriffi.

FantIs.

Anno qaarto Hfc&Rict VK [14^5-

/<?/■// the King,	the advice tre refoverain feignur le Ro*

and fljph t of the lords fpiritual par ad vis & affent des feig-md temporal, and at the fpeeial nurs cfpirituelx & tempore*/? of the commons of his relx & a la efpeciale requeft realm, in his parliament holden at des communes de fon roialme Leicefter, the eighteenth day of en fon parlement tenuz a February, the fourth year of his Leyceftr* le xviiic jour de Fe-reign being to the honour of God, verer lan de fon regne quart and for the weaty profit, and eafe efteantz a louour de Dieu & of his realm.	pur le bien eafc & profit do

fon roialme*

CAP. I.

Every fhtriff Jkall return jiicb writs as be directed to him at fitch days as they be returnable, and Jhall warn tbofe jurors which be impanelled.

FIRST, whereas grievous complaint hath been made to the King by his commons in this parliament. That where divers writs at the fuit of the parties be feverally diredled to (tariffs of the realm, to take divers perfons by their bodies, the fame Iheriffs, after the writs to them fo directed, take great fums of money of the parties, which be fo purfued for their mainprifc: and moreover the faid Iheriffs do take great films of money, to embezzle the King’s writs in divers cafes, to the great impediment and hinderance of the parties purfuing, to the great cppreffionand impoverifhing of the common people of the realm 5. ana whereas writs be diredted to the faid iheriffs. to impanel divers perfons to pafs in mquefts betwixt parties, and to return and certify their names in the King’s courts, the fame iheriffs do return and certify by virtue of the faid writs, the names of divers men impaneled, without any warning thereof made to them, to their great lofs and damage: it is ordained and fta-blifhed, That every Sheriff for the time being, (hall return the writs to him dircfted in the King's courts, at fuch days as they be returnable. And that the fame fheriffs in reafonable time warn all the perfons impaneled, to pafs in inquefts in the King’s courts, that they may appear at fuch days as they have by the King’s writs. And if any fheriff do the contraiy of any of the faid articles, then the pany that feeleth himfelf grieved, may fue by bill or writ upon his eafe againft the (tariff, as well in the exchequer as in any other of the King’s courts, in which fuits if the (heriff be convidl, the party that fueth (hall recover in the fame fuit his double damages. Ana that the juftices of peace, (Rewards of leets and hundreds, have power to enquire of fuch mif-prifions and defaults of the faid fheriffs, and to certify their faid enquiries before the juftices of deliv erance fo that they may pu the faid parties to anfwer: upon which anfwer if they be found guilty, they (hall make fine and ranfom to the King. And this ordinance (hall endure till the next parliament. And as to the letting to mainprife, the ftatutes made in times paft and not 2	rqjealed.

Digitized by

Google

1425J Anno quarto Hbhrici Vt	'	S9

repealed, being in their own force, (hall be holden and kept in all points.

cap. n.

jf rehearfaland confirmation of the ftatitte of 9 Hen. V. c.g. touching protections granted to thofe who were in the wars in Normandy or France.

ITEM, whereas at the parliament holden at JVe/lminJfer the fecond day of May, the ix. year of the reign of King Henry the Fifth, father to our fovereign lord the King that now is, be-caufe that the taking of aflifes was generally ceafed through the realm, by reafon of an ordinance made by the faid late King 5 our fovereign lord the King confidering the difeafes and da-mage, which many of his liege people have had and fuftained by the fame ceafing, cqmmandeth. That the juftices (hall hold the the a(Hfes through the realm in the manner accuftomed. AflifW.

And for to efehew the diftierifon of perfons, which then were palled and (hould pafs in the voyage of the faid late King, and alfo of the perfons which were abiding in the fervice of the faid King in the parts of Normandy and of France, it was ordained and

Erovided, That in every proteltion with theclaufe (Volumus) to 0 made for any of the fame perfons, there (hould be in the claufe of exception contained in the fame, omiflion of thefe .words, Affife novel dijfeifm. And that all thofe prote&ions fhould Proteftioa^ be allowable and allowed for them and every of them in all the King’s courts and other places, where fuch prote&ions be fet forth for any fuch perfons in all pleas of aflifes as well of novel difleifin as of ffefti force, without any difficulty. Provided always, That the judgments to be given from henceforth in fuch aflifes arraigned or to be arraigned, (ball not be prejudicial to any perfons fo abiding in the King’s fervice beyond the fea, as afore is faid, which have any thing in reverfion or in remainder in lands or tenements, whereof fuch aflifes were or (hould be arraigned, if they which had in reverfion or in remainder in fuch lands or tenements, (hould not be named in the fame aflifes, but that they (hould be againft them wholly void. And this ordinance (hall indure till the parliament, which (hall be first hold-en after the next return of the faid late King into England. And if the fame ordinance touching the faid perfons fo abiding in the King’s fervice beyond the fea, and alfo touching the faid perfons which then were pafled or (hould pafs in the (aid voyage, were not fufficient for the eafe and furety of them: it was alfo accorded and aflented, That the lords of the King’s council for the time being, (hould have foil power by authority of the faid parliament, to fet, ordain, and provide fofficient remedy for the eafd and furety of all the fame perfons, as for them and every of them fhould feem to the faid lords mod expedient and available in the cafe, after their good advice and diferetions, which ordinance is determined by the death of the faid late King: our fovereign lord the King, confidering the good and agreeable fervice, which many of bis faithful fubje&s have done to him, and daily do in

H a	the

Digitized by Google

r

iod	Aflfitf	quarto	HfcNRici	VL	tH25«’

the parts beyond the fea, in the company of his dear uncle the regent of France duke of Bedford, ana of his deputies in the parts of France, and fqrfo much willing for their eafe and furety likewife to ordain and provide in this cafe; of the affent and ad* vice of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and alfo of the commons in this parliament aflembled, hath ordained. That the faid ordinance made the faid ix. year (hall ftafid as a ftatute aftd % law effectual and-available In all points for all perfons which ri6w be and hereafter (hall be abiding in the King’s fervice in the company of the faid regent* or of his deputies in the parts of France and of "Normandy, to endure from the firft: day oljune, the fourth year of the reign of our faid fovereism lord the King, till the end of thi*ee years then next following/Provided always, That all the entries to be made after the faid first day of June, (hall notbecotnprifed in this prefent ordinance. And that none, which fhall make fuch entries after the faid first day of Junet mail have any benefit of the fame ordinances.

This follows CAP. V. upon the RoU.

CAP. HI.

Jufices iri certain cafes may amend their records according to former jiatutes.

ITEM, whereas at the parliament holdcn at Weftminfter the fexond day of May, the ninth year of the reign of King Henry, father of out lord the King that now is, it Was rehearfed, how that at the parliament holden at Weftminfter the xiv. year of King Edward the Third, it was ordained by the authority of the faid parliament, That for mifpri-fion of a clerk, in whatfoever place it be, no proccfs or plea Jbould be Undone nor difcontinued, by over-fight in writing a letter or fyllable too much or too little, (2) but as foon as the thing were perceived by challenge of the parties, or in other .	manner, it Jbould be hajlily amended

in due form, without giving advantage to the party that challenged the fame becaufe of fuch mif-5 Co. 4 5. prifm; (3) the faid late King I. Co. 157.	Henry, conferring the diverfities

Dyer,»6o,34». 0pjnj0ns which men had upon the faid Jlatute, and to put the thing in mors open knowledge, did declare

ITEM come au parlement tenuz a Weftm* le ij. jour du Maij lan du regne le Roi Henri pier noftre feignur le Roi qoreft ixe reherce fuift content au parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan du regne le Roi E. tierce xiiij. ordeigne fuit par au&orite du dit parlement qe pur mefprifion de clerc en que-conqe place ceo foit ne foit pro-ceffe de plee aniente ne difeon-tinue par mefprendre en eferi-vant une lettre trop ou trop poy mes fitoft come le chofe ferra aperceive par chalange des parties ou en autre manere foit haftivement amende en due fourme janz doner avantage a partie qe ceo chalange pur cau-fe de tiel mefprifion Te dit nad-gairs Roi Henri confiderant la diverfite doppinions qe lem a-voit fur le dit eftatuit & pur mettre le chofe en pluis overt conyfauns declara & ordina par au&Qrite du dit parlement te-

nun

Digitized by

1425 ]	-Anno fexto Hxnric* VI.	*01

nuz le dit anlx* qe les juftices declare and ordain by authority of

devaunt queux tiel plee ou rer the faid parliament holden tty faid

corde eft fait ou ferra pendant ninth year. That the juftices before

flbien par p «ournement come whom fuch plea or record is made,

par voie dei rour ou autrenfent or /hall be depending* as well by

eient poair & amftorite dameo- adjournment* as by way of error or

der tielx recorde & procefle co- othcrwife* jball have power and

me devaunt eft dit folonc la authority ^to amend fuch recordand

fourme de mefme leftatuit fibi- procefs, as well after judgment

eft apres juggement en tiel plee given as before, by force of the

recorde ou procefle renduz co- faid flaiute made in the time of

me devaunt le juggement ren- the faid King Edward, which

duz en tielx plee recorde ou ordinance should endure till tty

procefle tant come les ditz re- next parliament, which fhould be

corde & procefle foient d%vaunt first holden after the return of tty

eux en mefme la manere come faid King Henry tty father into

juftices avoient poair damender EnglandyW//; beyond thefea, and

tielx recorde & procefle de- which now is determined by the

vaunt juggement renduz par fteath of the Jaid late King Henry

force au dit eftatuit en temps the father: (4) our fovereign a oontirmttU

le dit Roi E. fait come defuis lord, by the advice and aflent on of the fta-

la quele ordinance endureroit aforefaid, hath ordained and tut* °* uEd.

tanqe al profehein parlement eftablifhed, That the faid fta- £	“

qi ferroit primerment tenuz a— tute, and the effeeft of the authoring

pres le revenue du dit Roi. fame* made the faid ninth year, juftices to a-

JIenri le pieren Engleterre de (hall hold ftrength, force, and mend records.

pardela et la quele ore eft deter- effedt, in every record and pro-

mine par le mort du dit nad- cefs of the fame, as weJl after

gairs Roi Henri le pier le Roi judgment given upon a verdiA

poftre fovcrcin feignur par ad- pafled, as upon a matter in law

vis & aflent fuifditz ad ordine pleaded, as a ftatutc available

& eftablie qe le dit eftatuit & and effectual in law to endure

effedt dicell raitle dit an ixeteig- forever, (c) Provided always,

ne force vigour & effect en That this ftatute do not extend

chefcun recorde & procefle to records and procefles in the

fibien apres juggement renduz parts of Wales, nor to records

fur verdit pifle come fur ma- and proceiTes whereby any per-

tiere en leie plede come eftatut fon is or (hall be outlawed at

vaillable & effettucll en ley a any man's fuit,

toutz jours adurer. Purveu

toutz fbitz qe ceft eftatut ne fe extende as recordes & procefles es parties de Gales ne as recordes & procefles par queux afcune perfone eft qu /erra utlage al fuyt dafeuny.

CAP. IV.

The writs* fusts* and procejfes now depending of certain that were late tytade knights*/hall not abate for that caufe.

ITEM, our faid fovereign lord the King, by the advice and af- Ex edit, R fent aforefaid, hath ordained and ftabliftied, That all the Knights, writs, fuits, and procefles, which all the knights that were fnade knights hy the King in the time of this parliament holden*

H 3	h*v#

Digitized by

Google

Annaibccb HenXici VI.	[1427.

have depending, and which every of them hath depending, not determined, be good and effe&ual not abateable by the law, caufe that they be made knights, or becaufe that any of them is made knight.

CAP. V.

Licence given to all the King’s fubjeSs to tranfport corn.

Ex edit. Pult. yTEM, whereas the noble King Richard the Second after th# tion°ofthea ^ conqueft, at his parliament holden at Wefminfer thexv. day ftatute of of St. Hillary, the xvii. year of his reign, at the fpecial requeft.of 17 R. c.7. the commons of the fame parliament, did grant licence to all his g 1 ving 1 icence liege people of his realm of England, to (hip and carry corn out Kine't i\»b- ^efaid realm, to what part them pleafed, except to enemies, je£u to carry paying the fubfidies and duties thereof, notwithftanding any or-com out of (finance, proclamation, or reftraint made before to the contrary: **	nevertheless, the fame late King, willing that his council might

i&iPh.&M. reftrajn the faid palfage when to them feemed needful for the 1 Jac. 1. c.15. profit of the realm; (2) our lord the King at the fpecial requeft t Jac. 1. c. 11. of the commons of this prefent parliament, and by the advice Repealed by and aflent aforefaid, will and granteth, That the faid ftatute be St Jac.i. c.t8.	an<j	in	all	points,	fo	that	his	council	may	reftrain

the faid pafiage when they (hall think it neceflary for the profit of the realm.

3 Inft. 31.

Statutes made at Wejlminfler> Anno 6 Hen. VL .	and	Anno Do. 1427.

OUR lord the King, at his parliament holden at Weft-minfter, the fifteenth of St. Michael, the ftxih year of his reign, by the advice and affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the fpecial inf ante and requefi of the commons of his realm in the faid parliament ajfmbled, hath caufed <to be made certain fatutes and ordinances to the honour of God, and for the weal and eafe of his people, fn the manner and form following.

NOSTRE .feignur le Roy a fon parlement tenuz a Weftn^ a la quinfzifmcdeSeint Michelllan de fon regme vjme par advys & aflent des feignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a! elpeciale requeft des communes de fon roialme en le dit parlement aflemblez ad fait fairecer-teins eftatutz & ordinances a lonour de Dieii & pur le biea & eafe de fon pocple en la forme qenfuyt.

CAP. I.

Within what time a Capias awarded againfi any perfan in-di3ed in the king’s bench jhall be returnable.

FIRST, for that divers of the T7 N primes pur ceo qe divers King's faithful fubjefts, by JL des loialx lieges nofhre dit falfe practice, covin, and confpi- feignur le Roi par faux ymagi-racy of certain evil perfons, be in- nation comettement & confpi-difled before our lord the King in racic des certcins malefefours bis benth, of divers felonies,and font enditen devaunt le Rcqr treafons,	en

Digitized by L.ooQle

u*7-I

Anno fexto Henrici VI.

*°S

en fon bank d$ diverfes felonies & trjefons parjgrrours fyf-petftz & a ceo par confederate & conje&ure des ditz confpira-tours lowez & procure* par force des queux enditementz Capias eft agarde al vifeoupt del countee ou le dit bank eft retournable deinz deux ou qua-tre jours a quell jour fi la par-tie endite ne veigne exigend’ eft agarde par qoi les biens & cha-teux des ditz enditz font for-faitz au Roy a final deftrudion de divers des loialx lieges de noftre dit leignur le Roi fico-, me mefme noftre feignur ad conceu a la grevoufe compleint des ditz communes aluyfaite *n le dit parlement noftre dit fcignur le Roy voillant eiyceo cas purvoir de remedie ad or-jdine par advys & aflent fuifditz qe avant qe afeun exigende foit agardez envers tielx enditez devaunt le Roy en fon dit bank foient briefs de Capias diredz fibien al vifeont ou vifeontz del countee en le quell ils font cnli enditez come al vifeount ou rifeountz del countee dount ils font nomez cn les enditementz eiantz mefmes les Capias lef-pace des fys fepmains au mey-nes ou pluis long temps par les diferetions des juft ices fi le cas ceo requirt devaunt la re-tourne dicclles les queux briefs iflint retournez procedent les juftices en maner come ils ount fait devaunt ces heures et fi af-cune exigende foit agarde ou afcunc utlagarie pronuncie en apres envers ticJx enditez devaunt le retourne des ditz briefs foit celle exigende iflint agarde Qvec la utlagarie ent pronuncie voidc & tenuz pur null. Et durera cede ordinance tanqil plerra a noftre fcigqurlc Roy.

treafons, by fufyeft jurors, hired and procured to the fame by confederacy and covin of the fatd con-fpirators; -(2 )by force of which in-diflmevts a Capias is awarded to the /heriffs of the county where the faid bench is% returnable within two or four days, atipbichday, if the party fo indifted come not, an Exigent is awarded, whereby the goods .and chattels of fuch perfons indifted he forfeit to our lord the King y to the utter undoing of divers of the King's faithful Jubjffis, as the fame our lord the King hath conceived by the grievous complaint of the faid commons, made to him m the faid parliament \ (3) our Upon 14 in-faid lord the King, willing ip di&nacntof this cafe to provide remedy, any perfon 19 hath ordained, by the advice	Capji-

and affent of the faid lords, as frail be a-That before any Exigent be warded awarded againft fuch perfons aSamft *\,m indidled before the King ip his ScjSSk fi/ faid bench, writs of Capias fliall weeks before be dire&ed, as well to the (he-- any exig«# riff or fheriffs of the county wherein they be inditfted, as to the fheriff or fheriffs of the county whereof they be named in the indi&ments; (4) the fame Capias having the fpace of fix weeks at the leaft, or longer time? by the diferetion of the faid juftices, if the cafe require it, before the return of the fame;

(5) which writs fo returned, the juftices (hall proceed in the manner as they have done before this time: (6) And if any Exigent be awarded, or any outlawry pronounced hereafter againft fuch perfons indi&ed, before the return of the faid wr i ts, the fa me Exigent fo award -ed, with the outlawry thereof pronounced, (hall be void and holden for none. (7) And this ordinance (hall enaure as long as fhall pleafe the King. * sH.

P4	CAP,

Digitized by Google

r

3 loft. T75.

ITEM, becaufe that divers of T the King’s liege people in times A

How long time the Copies of panels in aflifes (hall be delivered to the parties 1 before the felfions of the judees.

CAP. II.

How long time the copies of panels in affife Jhall be delivered to the parties before the fejftons of the juftices.

TTEM pur ceo qe divers der lieges noftre feignur le Roy avaurit ces heures ount eftez defheritz a caufe qen les efpeci-ales aflifes les tenantz & defendants ne purront my avoir conifancc ne copy de la panell de ceux qi font empanellez pur pafler en les ditz aflifes pur eux enformer de lour droit & titles devaunt le jour de la feflion qe les aflifes ferront demandez noftre dit feignur le Roy voillant de ceo purvoicr de remedie ad ordine & eftablie qe les panelJes des ditz aflifes oient arraiez & copie endentce died les par le vilcount delivc.ee a les plalntifs

pqjl have been difheritedy for that in fpecial affifes the tenants and dejendanis could not have knowledge nor copy of the panel of them that b: impanelled to pajs in the faid affifes, to inform them ofth^r right and titles before the day of the f 'Jfon that the affifes fhculd be demanded; (2) our lord the King, willing thereof to provide remedy, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That the panels of the aflifes (hall be arrayed, and a copy indented of the fame by the meriffdelivered to the plaintiffs, tenants, and defendants fix days at the leaft before the felflcn of the juftices, if they the fame demand; (3) and as to the return or anfwer of the bailiffs of franchises, they (hall make their returns cr an-fwers to the fheriffs, of fuch fpecial aflifes, fix days before the feflions in the manner a -fbrefaid; (4) and that upon pain of forty pounds to be paid by the laid Iheriffs or bailiffs to our lord the King, as often as they, or any of them, do or caufe to be done contrary to 41 Ed .3. c.ti, prdinance or ftatute.

tenantz & cictm lantz par vi. jours a meins devaunt la feflion desjuftices ii eux lesdemandent. Et c:nt a la rc*ourne ou ref-pounce des baiihfs des fraun-chifes facent ihs lour retournez ou refponce as vifeountz en ti-elx efpecialx aflifes viij. jours devaunt la feffion en manere comedefuis. Et ceo fur peine de xl. Ii. a pliers par les vif-contz ou bailliffs a noftre feig-hur le Roy a tant de foitz come ils ou afeun de eux fount ou face la contrarie de ceft ordi-naunce.	*	x	v

TJx edit Raft. Servant of husbandry.

' CAP. III.

The jujlices of peace.	See. Jhall the wages of artificers

and workmen by proclamation; and the penalty of thofethat take more.

f	.

ITEM, whereas it was ordained in the parliament holden at Canterbury, the twelfth year of King Richard the Second, Jiow much every ferVant of hufbandry (hall take by the year for his fervice, and if any do contrary to the fame ordinance, and thereof be attainted, that he fttall pay, that is to fay, as^well the giver as thfc taker theexccfs fo given or taken, and at the fecond default of their atteindre, the double value'of fuch excefs,and at

th«

Digitized by Google

*°5

142 7.]	Anno feito Henrici VL

the third default, the treble value, and if the faid taker have not whereof he may pay the faid excefs, that then he (hall have im-prifonment of forty days. And alfo by another ftatute made at the parliament holden at Wejiminjler, the thirteenth year of the faid late King, it was'ordained and eftablidled. That the juftices jaftiCCiof of peace in every county of England, in their feflions holden be- peace, twixt the feaft of Eqfler and St. Michael, make proclamation by their difcretion, according to the dearth of vidhiais, how every mafon, carpenter, tiler, or any artificer working by the day, as Artificer well in Augujl as in other times of the year, after their degree, fhall take the day with meat and drink between the faid feflions, as a thing by the ftatute: which ftatutes be not kept nor put in execution, that is to fay, the first ftatute, becaufe that the punifti* ment in the fame is too hard upon the mafters of fuch fervants, forafmuch as they (hall be deftitute of fervants, jf they (hould not pafs the ordinance of the ftatute, and the fecond ftatute, because that no pain is limitted againft him that doeth contrary to the fame ftatute: our fovereign lord the King, willing in this cafe to provide remedy, hath ordained by authority of this parliament, that the juftices pf peace in every county for the time being, and the mayor of the city of London for the time being,' Mayors, and the mayors and bailiffs in every city, borough, or town, (hall Bailiffs, hive fuch power and authority to make proclamation in their full feflions once by year, and (o in every borough and market town within their jurifdidlion, how much every fervant of huf-bandry (hall take for his fervice by the year then next following, and that they make two times proclamation in two feflions, by them to be holden betwixt the feaft of EaJlcrixA St. Michael, and in every borough and market town, how much every artificer and workman (hall take by the day, and by the week with meat and drink, or without meat or drink, as well in Augujl as in other times of the year. Provided always, That if any man be retained by the week for hufbandry or other labour, that he (hall take nothing for the feftival days in fuch week nor for the half days of the evens of fuch feafts. And that every pro- „ . clamation fo to be made, beholden as a thing ordained by ftatute. And if any fervant, artificer, or workman do the 'contrary of fuch proclamation fo to be made, and be thereof attained at the King’s fuir, he (hall forfeit to the King every time the va- , lue of his wages, and if he have not whereof to make gree to the King, he (hall have imprifonment of forty days, without being let to bail or mainprife in any manner. And that the juftices of peace, mayors, and bailiffs aforefaid, then for the time being,

(hall have power and authority to hear and determine fuch offences, as well at the King’s fuit by fuggeftion furmifed, as at the fuir of the party in fuch cafe grieved, and thereupon to make and award writs of Capias, as oftentimes as to them (hall feem well to be done, againft fuch fervants, artificers and workmen, at every perfon’s fuit that feeleth him in fuch cafe grieved or raoleftecl, returnable before themfelvcs, or before any other juftices of peace, or mayors and bailiffs for the time being, at a

certain

Digitized by

Google

tertain day in their feffions, at which day if any fuch fervanr, artificer, or workman come before the faid juftices of peace, or before mayors, or bailiffs by force of any fuch writs, or it* any other manner, that then trie fame juftices of peace, mayors, or bailiffs for the time being, (hall have full power and authority to examine by their difcretion and knowledge, as well fuch fervants,artificers,and workmen, as their matters, how much fuch fervants, artificers and workmen do take by the year, by the day, and by the week. A^d if they find by fuch examination, or by plea betwixt the fame fervants, artificers, workmep, apd their mafters, the contrary to be done of fuch proclamations fo to be made, that the faid fervants, artificers, and workmen, and labourers lhall be punifhed in the form aforefaid. And they (hall yield to the party grieved his double damages. And if any of them depart or void into another County, that then it be fawr fill to the faid juftices of peace, mayors and bailiffs, for the time Tieing, to make and grant writs of Capias, as many and fuch as be requifite, directed to the (heriffs of the counties, where fuch fervants, artificers and workmen be fled, to take their bodies, returnable before them at what time (hall pleafe them, fo that if they come by fuch procefs they (hall be put in prifon, till they find fufficient furety well to ferve their faid mafters. And that this ftatute begin to hold place, as to the punifhment of fuefi fervants retained by the year or by the half year, after the feaft of St. Michael next coming, for the offences in this behalf done by them after the faid feaft. And that all the mayors and bailiffs, which bewardens of the peace in any cities, towns, or boroughs of the realm for the time being, (hall have like power, corredion and execution of the faid ordinance fo to be made, and of all 'ftatutes of labourers within the faid towns, cities, and boroughs, -as the juftices of peace have in their counties. And moreover. That the juftices of peace m every county, and the mayors and bailiffs in every fuch City, borough or town, (hall have power and authority to make proclamation and execution of and in the S H. 6. c.s. premiffes as afore is faid. And this ordinance (hall endqrp til]

5	Eli*. c.+. the end of the next parliament.

CAP. IV.

Tie Jberiffs traverfe tv an inqueft found touching returning knights of Jhim for the parliament.

A rehearfalof TTEM, where it was ordain-the ftatute of A ed and ejlablijbed in the fe-y H. 4. c.i 5. vcnth year of King Henry the form of8 % 10 Fourth, grandfather of our lord choofing of the King that now is, That knights knight* for	of Jbires for the parliament Jbould

the parlia- ^ fo chofen in the manner ana form following ; that is to fay, at the next county to be halden after the delivery of the writ of the parliament, proclamation Jhall be made

in

ment.

ITEM come ordeigne foit & eftablie lan feptifme le Roy H. quart aiel noftre feignur le Roy qoreft qe chivalers des pountees pur le parlement foi-ent efluz en maner & fourme qenfuite ceftaflavoir qe al pro-chein countee a tenir apres la jivere de brief de parlemeht proclamation foit fait en plcin countee de] jour & lieu de parlement

y Google

Digitized by '

parlement & qe touts ccux qi illoeqes fount prefentes fibien fcutours duement fummonez pur cell caufe come autres en-tendent a la election de lour chivalers pur le parlement & adonqes en plein countee alent a la election liberalment & en-diferement non obftant afcun prier ou comaundement a con-trarie & apres qils foient efluz foient les perfonz eflieux ptm-fentz ou abfentz foient lour nouns efcriptfc en endenturcs defoubz les feaks de toutz ceux qi eux eflifount & tachez au dit brief de parlement qucle indenture iflint enfcalez & tachez foittenuz pur la retoume de dit brief qant as chivalers des countees & qe en brief de parlement affair en temps ave-nir ioit mys cede claufe Et e-lettionem tuam in pleno comitalu tuo faftam fub ftgiUo tuo & figiUis eorum qui elefttoni ilti interfuerint nobis in cancellaria nqftra ad diem 1st locum preiiQos certified indi-latt. Et pur tant qe en mefme ieftatut null peine fuift ordinez ne mys en Special far les vif-countz des countees flls facent afcun retourne al contrarie du dit eftatut ordeine fuift & efta-blie lan xi« le dit Roy Henry quart qe les juftices as aflifes prendre eient poair deriquerefc-en lour feflions des aflifes de tielx retoumes faitz& fi par en-

2ueft & due examination trove >it devaunt mefmes les juftiecs qe afcun tiel vifeount eit fait ou face en apres afcun retoume encountrela tenure du dit efta-tut qe mefme le vifeount en-courge la peine de C li. apaiers au noftre dit feignur le Roy. Et outre ceo qe les chivalers des countees enfi nient due-ment retoufnez perdent lour gagez

in the full county of the day and place of the parliament^ (2) and that all they which be prefent there, as well fuitors duly Jum-mooted for this caufe, as other)

Jball attend to the election of their Knights for the parliament; (3,) and thek in full county they jbdl proceed to the ete&ion freely and indifferently, notwithstanding any reqvtft Or commandment to the contrary 5 (4) and that after they be chofeny whether fuch perfons chofen be prefent or abfent, their names Jball be written in indentures) under the feats of all the cboofers, and annexed to the faid writ of parliament) which indenture Jo fealed and tacked> Jhatt be holden for the return of the faid writ) as to the knights of the faid Jbirts: (5) and alfo m the writs of the parliament hereafter to be made, this claufe Jhall be put tn the manner as followetb: Et e-le&ionemtuam in pleno comh-tatu tuo fadtam diftm&e Sc aperte fub figillo t no Sc figilhs eorum qui dedlkmi illi interfile-rmt, nobis in cancellaria noftrfc ad diem & locum in brevi con-tentos certifices indilate. (6)

And for that in the fame Jlatute no pain was ordained) nor facially Jet upon the Jheriffs of the county) if they make their return contrary to the j‘aid ftatuXey it was ordained ana ejldblijhed the ele-venth year ofthejaid KinHen- „ the ftst_ ry the Fourth) That the juftices „ h4C.i, of afftfes Jbmld have power to in- juftices of af-quire in their fejftons of ajjifes ^fife (hall in-fuch returns made , (7) and if it ^,re un’

ue returns

be found by inqueft and due exa- Gf knights of mination before the fame juftices, the parlia- ' that any fuch JJseriff hath made, mfnt* or hereafter fall makcy any return contrary to the tenor of the faid Jlatute) that the fame Jheriff Jbculd incur the pain of an hundred ,

Digitized by v^ooQle

io8	Annofexto	Henrici VI. [1427-

dred pounds, to be paid to our /aid gagez de parlement auncien-lord the King.	(8) moreo- ment accuftumez a trefgraund

t;*r,	//>* knights fo unduly mefchief dez vifcountz & chi—

returned /kail lo/e their wages of valers des countees qi fourrt the parliament in old times accuf- forbarrez & oufteez de lour tomed y (9) to the great mifchief refpounce encountre tielx en-ofJberiffs and knights of the Jhirey queftes doffice prifez devaunt which be forebarred and put out les ditz juftices a caufe de les of their attfwer again'ft Juch inr ftatut & ordeignaunce fuifditz. quefls of office taken before the faid noftre feignur le Roy voillant judges, becaufe of the Jiatute and en ceo cas purvoir de remedie ordinance aforefaii\ (10) our ad ordeigpe & eftable qje toutss The knights lord the King willing in this les chivalers des countees pur chofen for the cafe to provide remedy, hath ceft prefent parlement efluz Sc

That les vifcountz rficelles countees counties! may l^e Knights of the (hires envers queux afcuns enqueftes have their * chofen for this prefent parlia- ou offices de noun due ele&ior* traverfe of an ment, and the (heriffs of the font trpvez devaunt les juftices office found famc counties againft whom daffifes aient lour refpounfes Sc agarnit cm. any jnqUefts or 0fgces Qf undue travers envers les ditz enquef-elecftion be found before the tes & offices et auxi toutz les juftices of affifes, (hall have chivalers defore enavaunt iffinjt their .anfwer and traverfe to a eflierz & les vifcontz qi fer-fuch inqueft of office taken j ront tielx ele&ions aient lour fn)and alfo all the knights refpounce & travers envers from henceforth fo to be cho- tielx enqueftes & offices deafen, and the (heriffs that (hall vaunt afcuns juftices des affir make fuch elections, (hall have les defore appfendrez. Et ne theiranfvcerand traverfe to fuch foient les ditz chivalers & vif-inquefts and offices before any countz en damagez envers no-juftices of afiifes hereafter to ftre dit feignur le Roy ou fey betaken; (12) and the faid fucceffours per afcun tiel en-knights and (heriffs (hall not queft pris ou apprendre tanqe be endamaged unto our faid ils foient duement convidtz lo-lord the King, or his fiiccef- lone la forme de la ley. fors, for any fuch inqueft taken or to be taken, until they be duly convidt according to S H. €. c.j. the form of the law.

CAP. V.

Several commiffions of fewers fhall be granted. The form of the commiffion.

TTEM, our fovereign lord vomm'lii. ns I . fv. .	-•	,	.

offerers flail A the king, by the advice be gi anted and afient aforefaid, confider-dvu mg tea jijg' the great damage and lof-fCs, which now jate happened by the great inundation of waters in divers parts of the realm,

ITEM noftre trelToverein feignur le Roy de ladvys gflent fuifdifz confiderantz Jes graundes damagez & perdes qore tarde fount avenuz par les graundes creteines del eawe en diverts parties du roialme

&

Digitized by CjOOQie

&	qe plufours greindres damages font verifemblablement avenirs fi remedie ne foit ha -fthrement purveu ad ordine & graunte qe par dys ans pro-chdnement enfuantz feveralx commillions de fewers foient faitz as diverfes perfones par le chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efleant a nomers en toutz les parties de roialme qe meftier ferra folonc la fourme enfuant: &c.

realm, and that much greater damage is very like to enfue, if remedy be not fpeedily provided, hath ordained and granted, (i) That during ten years next enfuing feveral commiffions of fewers fhall be made to divers perfons by the chancellor of England for the time being, to be fent into all parts of the realm where (hall be needful, according to the form that fol-loweth:

109

(2) HENRY,\ by the grace of God King of England, &c. The form of To his well beloved and faithful A. B. C. and D. greeting, ^onof fewer*. Know ye, That whereas the walls, ditches, gutters, fewers, 13h.$.c.£. bridges, caufeys, and wears by the coafts of the fea, and tnarin, within the coafts and limits of Lindfey in the county of Lincoln, by the rage of the fea flowing and reflowing, and trenches of frefh waters by divers places defeending to the fea, be fo decayed and broken, that many ineftimable damages for default of reparation ot the fame walls, ditches, gutters, bridges, caufeys, and wears, in times pad have happened there, and yet it is to be feared that much more hurt within ftiort time will happen, unlefs that fome fpeedy remedy be provided therefore : (3) IVe for as much as by reafon of our regal dignity we Commifllon-he bounden to have regard to the fafety of our realm ot England crs. cn* in all places* willing in this behalf to provide convenient and annoyance*, fpeedy remedy, have affigned you, &c. of which, &c. we will to and by whole be one, our juftices tofurvey the walls; ditches, gutters, fewers, default they bridges, caufeys, wears, and trenches, (4) and to enquire by happened, the oath as well of knights, as other good and lawful men of the faid county, as well within liberties as without, by whom common, * the truth of the matter may be beft known, by whofe default fuch or fifoing damages have there happened, and who dotn hold lands and te- there, and nemenrs or hath *ny common of pafture or fi filing in ihofe parts, or elfe in any wife have, or may have the defence, pro- annoyance*, fit, and fafeguard, as well in peril nigh, as from the fame far or benefit by off, by the faid walls, ditches, gutters, fewers, bridges, cau- thc repair of fey$, and wears, and alfo hurt or commodity by the fame trench- £“*. . es, (5) and there to diftrain all them for the quantity of their f0J. rep^i? lands and tenemeAts, either by the number of acres, or by tion*/ their plow lands, ior the rate of the portion of their tenure, or for the quantity of their common of pafture or fifhing, together with the bailiffs of liberties, and other places of the counties and places aforefaid, to repair the faid walls, ditches, gutters, fewers, bridges, caufeys, and wears, jn the places neceffary, and the fame or other, as often and where (hall be needful to make of new, and to deanfe the faid trenches in places neceffary, and if need be to flop them up; (6) 1o that no tenants of lands or tenements

Digitized by Goot e -

no-

None (hall be fpared that may receive benefit or loft. 5 Co. 100.

10 Co. 14.1.

4. Mod. 350.

Taking the account of the* collectors.

Dj* (training fbr the arrearages of the collection. Making of or-dicances for the defence of the lea-banks.

Taking of labourers to work in the reparations.

Punifliment

of them which do negleCt or refute to repair their proportion ailigned.

The (heriffs and jurors (hall be attendant upon the commif-fioners oF lcwers.

Anno fexto Henrici VI. [*427*

nements, nor any having common of pafture or fifhing, rich or poor, nor other of what condition, ftate or dignity, which havo or may have defence, commodity and fafeguara by the faid walls, ditches, gutters, fewers, bridges, caufeys, or wears, or clle any hurt by the faid trenches, (whether they be within liberties or without} (hall in any wife be fpared in this: (7) and for a* giftments upon the Tea banks for preservation of the faid parts, according to the number of the acrds or perches by you, &c. of whom, &c. we will to be one, newly td number, and as often and where (hall need of new to make. (8) And to depute certain diligent and true keepers for the faid prefervation, and to hear the account of the collectors of the money which (hall be levied for this caufe, and to be fpent in the reparation and amendment of the faid walls, ditches, gutters fewers, bridges, caufeys, and wears, and flopping of the laid trenches. (9) And to diftrain by you, &c. of whom, &c. we will to be one, or by other whom ye lhall thereto depute for the arrearages of fuch collection, as often as need (hall be, and as ye (hall think meet, (ro) and to make and ordain neceflary and convenient ftatutes and ordinances for the defence and fafety of the faid fea banks and marihes, and the parts adjoining, according to the laws and cuftoms of Romney marlh, and to hear and determine according to the laws and cuftom of Qur realm of England, and the cuftom of Romney marlh, all and fmgulaV the premifes, as well at our fuit, as the fuit of any other that will complain before you in this behalf: (11) and to take and, put in the faid works and reparations, as many ditchers and other workmen and labourers for the faid workmanfhip and reparations, as may fuffice for the great, fpeedy, and inftant neceflity, upon competent wages to them in this behalf to be paid. (12) And therefore we command you. That at certain days and places which you, &c. of whom, &c. we will to be one, thereto (hall appoint, ye (hall furvey the (aid walls, ditches, gutters, fewers, bridges, caufeys, wears and trenches, and all and Angular the premifes do and aceomplifh, and hear and determine in form aforefaid : (13) fo that for default of reparation of the faid walls, ditches, gutters, fewers, bridges, caufeys and wears, and flopping of the faid trenches, no hurt nor peril (hall in any wife happen. (14) And that ye compel all them whom ye (hall find negligent or ftubbomly denying to do reparation, or making of their portions, fpeedily to reform and amend the fame by diftrefies and amerciaments, *nd other ways and means which to you (hall beft feem for fuch defaults : (15) and that ye caufe all things which by you (hall be ordained in this behalf, as well within liberties as without, firmly to be obferved, doing therein as to juftice pertaineth, according to the law and cuftom of our realm of England, faving tp us the amerciament and other things thereof to us pertaining. (16) We have alfo commanded our (heriff of the faid county, that at certain days and places which you, &c. of whom, See. we will to be one, (hall give him to know, he (hall caufe to come before you, &c. of whom, &c. we will to be one, fo

many

Digitized by LjOOQle

Ill

many and fuch good and lawful men of his bailliwick, as well S H. 6. c.3. within liberties as without, by whom the truth of the matter in the premifes may bed be known and enquired* In witnefs 3 jaJ. 'lt whereof, Ate. Witnjefs, Acc.	7 An. c.io.

CAP. VI.

AH merchants may Jhip mercbandife in Melcomb haven, and carry them to Calais.

ITEM* it is ordained by the authority of the fame parliament. Ex edit Raft* That every merchant, as well denizen as alien, may freely Melcomb ind fafely (hip wools, leather, woolfels, * and other mer- P°rt* drandifes of the ftaple, in the port of Melcomb, in the county tap * of ttorfet, and from thence to bring them to the ftaple of Calais, paying the cuftoms and fubftdies due to the King. And that no merchant be impeached, molefted, nor grieved by the King nor his heirs, for any (hipping of the merchandife afore-kid in the faid port, any ftatute, ordinance or proclamation made to the contrary notwithftanding.

Statutes made at Wejlminfter, Anno 8 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1429.

AD oirmipotentis Dei & fandte matris ecclefie laudem Ac honorem chriftianif-fimus dominus nofter Henricus Dei gratia Rex Anglie Ac Francie Ac dominus Hibernie illuftris in parliament fuo a* pud Weftm’ in craftino fandii Mathei apoftoli anno regni fui o&avo tento de avifamento Ac affenfu prelatorum procerum Ac magnatum regni fui Anglie Ac ad fpecialem requifitionem ac de affenfu communitatis ejuf-dem regni in parliamento predicta exiftentium quedam fta-tuta Ac ordinationes pro com* muni militate didti regni Ac prefertim pro bona Ac (ana gu-hematione ac debita legis exe-eutione habend’ in eodem fecit in foruta fubfequeati.

TO the laud and honour of almighty God, and of toe holy mother the church, our mofl noble chriftian lord Henry, by the grace of God King of England and France, and lord of Ireland, in his parliament bolden at Weft-minfter the morrow after St. Matthew the apojlle, the eighth year of his reign, by the advice and cjfent of the prelates and great men of his realm ^England, and at the fpecial requeft and ajfent of the commons of the fame realm? being in the faid parliament, hath made certain Jlatutes and ordinan-ces for the common profit of the faid realm, and efpe^iaUy for the good and wholefome government and due execution of the law to ba had in the fame, in the form following.

CAP.

Digitized by	^le

The clergy coming to th< convocation, fliall have fuch liberties as they which come to the parliament.

5H.4.C.6.

11 H.6.C.J1.

£x edit.Raft.

Anno oftavo Henrici VI. [1429^

CAP.I.

The clergy of the convocation Jhall have fuch liberty as the great men and commonalty which come to the parliament.

FIRST, becavfe the prelates and clergy of the realm of England, called to the convocation and their fervants and familiars that come with them to fuch convocations, oftentimes and commonly be arrefted, molefied, and inquieted; (2) our faid lord the King, willing gracioufly in this behalf to provide for the fecurity and quietnefs of the faid prelates and clergy, at the fupplication of the lame* prelates and clergy, and by the affent of the great men and commons aforefaid, hath ordained and eftabliflied, That all the clergy hereafter to be called to the convocation by the King’s writ, and their fervants and familiars, (hall for ever hereafter fully ufe and enjoy fuch liberty or defence in coming, tarrying, and returning, as the great men and commonalty of the realm of England, called or to be called to the King’s parliament do enjoy, and were wont to enjoy, or in time to come ought to enjoy.

IN primis quia prelati & cle-rus regni Anglie ad convo-cationem evocati eorumque fervientes & familiares qui cum eifdem ad convocationem hu-jufmodi veniunt fepius ac frequenter areftantur molellantur & inquietantur volens igitur didtus dominus nofter Rex pro fecuritate & quiete di&orum prelatorum & clcri in hac parte profpicere graciofe ad fupplica-tionem eorundem prelatorum & cleri & de affenfu procerum magnatum & communitatis predidlorum ordinavit & ftatu-it quod vocandi in futurum ad convocationem cleri pretextu brevis regii eorumque fervientes & familiares eadem Iiber-tate five immunitate veniendo expedtando & redeundo plene gaudeant & utantpr perpetuis futuris temporibus qua gau-dent & gaudere confueverunt five gaudere debent in futurum proceres five magnates & communitas regni Anglie ad parliamentum domini regis vo-cati five'vocandi.

CAR II.

No merchants of England Jhall enter into the dominion of the King ^Denmark, but at Northbarn.

ITEM, becaufe that the King’s mod dear uncle the King of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden, (as the fame our fovereign lord the King of his intimation hath underftood) confidering the manifold and great Ioffes, perils, hurts and damage, which of late happened, as well to him and his, as to other foreigners and ft rangers, and alfo friends and fpecial fubje<fts of our faid fovereign lord the King of his realm of England, by the going in, entering, and paffage of fuch foreign and ftrange perfona into his realm of Norway and other dominions, {freights, territories, jurifdi&ions, and places, fubdued and fubjedt to him,

efpecially

v	.	Digitized	by

*4*9-]	Anno oftavo Heni£ici VI#	*13

efpecially into his ifles of Finmark and elfwhere, as Well in theif perfons as in their things and goods, for efchewing of fuch Ioffes, perils, hurts and damages, and that fuch like (which God prohibit) (hould not hereafter happen, the faid uncle of our laid fovereign lord the King hath ordained and ftatuted*That all and Angular ftrangers, as well Englijhmeh and other, willing tp apply by (hip and come into his realm of Norway and other dominions, (freights, territories, jurifdidfions, ifles and places aforefaid, with their (hips, to the intent to get or have fi(h, or any other merchandifes or goods, (hall apply or come to his town of Nortbbarum, where the faid King of Denmark hath fpe- Denmark* dally ordained and eftablithed his ftaple for the concourfe of ftrangers* and efpecially of Engli/bmen^ to the exercife of fuch merchandifes, granting to the faid Englijbmen, that they (hall there enjoy in and by all things the fame favour, privileges and and prerogatives, which they of the Hanfe did enjoy; therefore our laid fovereign lord the King, willing the love, affinity, and amities to be firmly obferved, which betwixt his faid unde and his noble progenitors of good memory* their realms, lands, dominions, ftreights, territories, jurifdidf ions, and their faid places, and the fame our fovereign lord the King, and his noble pro-: genitors of famous memory, his great men, fubje&s, realms* lands, and dominions, hatn been of old times hitherto conti-hued, nor nothing by 6ur faid fovereign lord the King or his people to be attempted or done, whereby fuch amities, bjrrea-lon of any diflentions, enmities or difcoras might be broken, by the advice of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the com-* mons of his laid realm of England aflembled in this prefent parliament, hath ordained, prohibiting that none of his liege peo-

S>Ie nor fubjefts of his realm of England, by audacity of their oily, prefume to enter the realms, lands, dominions, (freights, territories, jilrifilidtions and places of the faid King of Denmark, againft the Ordinances, prohibition and interdiction of the fame his uncle above remembered, and in contempt of the fame.

Upon pain of forfeiture of all their moveable goods, and impri- ..	.

fonment of their perfon at the King’s wilL '	Rep.iH.t,c.*rf

CAP. Ill,

Comrnijjtoners of fewers may execute their bison ordinance.

1

TEM noftrc feignur le Roi conflderant coment au

parlement tenuz a lan de (bn roialme fif-

darrein Weftm’ me ordeine he grante eftoit par audforite du dit parliament qe feveralx commiffions de fewers ferroient faitz as diverfefs per-fones par la chaunceiler dEng-leterre pur le temps efteant a nomerz en toutz les parties de roialme ou mellier lerroit fouz Vox.. III.	certein

ITEM* our lord the King 6 H.6.C.5.

conftdering how at the~ laft parliament holden at Weftmin-(ter* the fixth year of his reign be dtd ordain and grant, by authority of the faid parliament, That fe- * veral commiffions of fewers Jbould be made to divers perfons by the chancellor of England for the time being, to be named, in alt parts of the realm where Jball be needful, under a certain form in X	the

Digitized by

Google

”4

Anno oftavo HenRic,! VII

[H*9*

the /aid ordinance and grant contained-t (2) by which ordinance and grant the /aid commiffionert had no power nor authority to doy perform, nor execute the things cmprifed within the /aid comnuf-Jions; (3) and therefore he The commif- hath ordained and eftablifhed, fioners of fey authority of this parliament, fewers That all luch commiflioners

execute'their fl»J* have P®"" do» ordai1n> ordinances. 2nd execute the ftatutes, ordinances, and other affairs to be made according to the effedt and purport of the laid commiflions.

certein forme en les ditz* ordinance & grante contenuz par quelles ordinance & grante les ditz commiflioners navoient poair ne au<ftorite de fair par-. foumer ne dexecuter les cho-fes comprifes deinz les ditz. commiflions & pur ceo ad or-deine & eftablie par audtorite de cede prefent pari erne nt qe toutz tielx commiflioners aient poair pur fair ordiner & execu-ter eftatuits ordinances & au-tres affairz folonc leffedt & purport dez commiflions a-vauntditz.

CAP. IV.

None Jhall buy nor wear a livery to have maintenance in any quarrel.

Ex edit. Rail. TTEM, whereas it is ordained by divers ftatutes made in the

ck^horhats t^fnes of the King’s noble progenitors, that no Knight, nor other of lefs eftate (hould give any livery of cloths or hats to other than to his menials, and his oflicers and men learned in the one law or the other, upon the pain of an C s. to be levied of the giver, and xls. of the taker, as often as they do the contrary, and he that would fue, (hould have the one half of the pain after that they thereof be duly convict, and that the juf-tices of aflifes, ana juftices of peace in every county of England (hould have power from time to time in their fetfions, to enquire of the faid matters, and them to hear and determine, as in the faid ftatutes and ordinances fully appeareth, which fta-tutes and ordinances have not been duly kept, becaufe that they that do contrary to the faid ftatutes and ordinances, before the faid juftices may not be indidted, for great maintenances in this behalf: our fovereign lord the King, willing to expel fuch maintenances, hath ordained by the authority aforefaid. That the faid juftices (hall have power by the fame authority, as well at the King’s fuit as the parties, to award writs of attachment and diftrefs againft all them, which from henceforth do the contrary of the faid ftatutes and ordinances, in the counties where tney hold their feflions, diredted to the (heriffs of the fame counties, returnable before the fame juftices or juftice for the time being in their feflions. And if the faid (heriffs return, that they againft whom fuch writs iflued, have nothing, then a Capias and Exigend (hall be awarded againft them, in the manner as (hall be done againft them that be indidted before juftices of peace of trefpafles done with force and arms againft the Kind’s peace. And-if they appear at any of the faid writs, the faid juftices (hall have power by authority aforefaid to examine them of the matters aforefaid. And they whom they find by examination, that have* done the contrary of the faid ftatutes

Digitized by Google

JiS

And ordinances, (hall incur the pain comprifed in the fame (ta* tutes, that is to lay, the giver an Cs* and the taker xl s. as often as they do the contrary, in the manner and form as they ought if they were by inqueft duly before the faid juftices con-vi<ft, fo that the faid ftatutes ana ordinances extend them (as to examination) to liveries for to be given againft the form of the faid ftatutes thereof made before this time, after the feaft of Chrijlmas next coming. Provided, That the faid ordinances extend as well in the counties of Chejter and Lancafler by the examination and procefs as afore is faid, of the juftice of Chef-Ur or his lieutenant there, as by examination or the juftices oi the county of Lancajler, fo to be made againft all them which fhall do the contrary of the faid ordinances in time to cofoe. Provided alfo, That all the ftatutes and ordinances before made* and not repealed, of liveries of cloths by lords given or to be given againft the form of the faid ftatutes, fhall ftand in the force. And that this ftatute extend not as to the execution ot examination to the mayor and IherifFs of London, for the time that they (hall be officers, ferjeants of the law, at the time that they take the fame eftate upon them, and them that do commence in the univerfities within the realm of England at the time of their commencement, nor to them which for the time aforefaid (hall take any fuch liveries of them. And alfo that all thofe that (hall rake any fuch liveries of cloths or of hats of any lord fpiritual or temporal, or of any great lady in or of England, againft the form of the faid ftatutes, they (hall be like— Wife examined and punifhed in the manner as they that take fuch liveries of knights or other of lefs eftate as before. Provided always* That in the time of war it (hall be lawful to the lords, knights, and efquires, that do travel in fuch war, ta give their liveries of clothing or of hats to their foldiers, and in fiich wife as to them beft (hall feem. And that it (hall be lawful to fuch foldiers to take and wear fuch liveries of clothing or of hats for the time of fuch war, without being in any wife mo-lefted in this part by force or virtue of the fame ftatutes. And that moreover, if any perfon, of what eftate or condition he be* after the faid feaft of Chrijlmas, as of his own authority and proper cofts do buy or wear for his clothing any doths or hats called liveries, of the fort or of fuit of any lord, lady, knight* efquire, or other perfon, for to have fupportation, fuccour, or maintenance in any quarrel, or in any other manner, if he be thereof duly convia by examination or otherwife, before by the ftatutes declared, he (hall incur the pain before limited of them that take liveries of lords or other perfons aforefaid, and moreover (hall have a whole year's imprifonment without being let to bail or mainprife, for their falfity and fubtil imagination in this part.

CAP. V.

Rep.3C1r.iA

C‘4.

Every city and borough Jhall have a common balance and weight, fvho may buy wool and yarn.

ITEM come par la graunde TTEM, Whereas by the Great chartre dez libertees du X Charter of the tyfiftifa

roialmc	I	z	realm	*

ii 6

Anno oftavo HenrIci Vl%

[142^.

9 H. 3. ftat. i. realm of England, and by a Jla-C* n. * tute n^e the twenty fifth year

i+Ed.j.ftat.,. tf Kng Edward l&YWfi /V »5Ed.3.ftat.i. was ordained, and by a Jlatute c. 6.	made	in the thirteenth year of

»7Ed.3.ftat.». King Richard the Seconds eon-ii R a ft** . firmed, That one weight and one c. 9.	*	measure	Jbould be through all the

realm of England, as well out of the Jlaple as within * (2) and in the fame fiaiute of the faid noble king Edward, it is contained, that the weight called auncel, for the great hurt and fubtile deceits done by the farhe mea-fure to the common people,/hall be utterly left, and Jet apart, (3) and the wools, and all other man-ner of merchandifes, and all other things weighable, bought or fold, Jball be weighed by the balance, fo that the tongue of the balance do not incline more to the one party than the other, with weights fealed, and according to the Jland-ard of the exchequer; (4) and he that doth contrary, to the damage of the feller, Jbail forfeit to our lord the King the value of the goods fo weighed or meafured \

( 5) and that the party complainant Jball have his quartreble da-mages.	(6) And by the faidJla-

tute of the faid noble King Richard, it was added. That the offender Jhall be itnprifoned by two years, and make fine and ranfom at the will of our lord the King•,

(7)	and that the jujlicei of peace Jbould have power to inquire of the faid defaults, as well at the fuit of our lord the King, as the parties ; (8) our lord the King, by the authority of this parliament, hath ordained and efta-blifhed, That the ftatutes and and ordinances aforefaid (hall be firmly kept and holden, and ftraitly executed.

II. And

roialme & par eftatuit fait lan xxvjc. du Roy E. tierce ordine foit & par eftatuit fait lan xiije^ du Roi Richard le feconde con-fermee qe une pois & unc me-fure foit parmy tout le roialme fibien hors de leftaple come de-deinz & en mefme leftatuit du dit Roi E. contenu foit qe le pois appellezauncell purgraun-des damages & fotilx deceites faitz par icell a le commune poeple foit tout outrement lef-fez & qe lez lains & toutz manerz des chofes poifablez achatez ou venduz foient poi-fez par la balance iftint qe la lange de balaunce nencline a lune partie ne a lautre ovefqe poifes enfealez & accordantz a leftandard de lefcheker et celuy qi face le contrarie al damage del vendour forface au Roy la value des biens enfi poifez ou mefurez et qela partie compleignant ait fez damages au quatreble. Et par le dit eftatuit du dit Roi Richard addez foit qe le trefpaflour foit emprifone par deux ans & face fyn & raunceon a la volunte le Roi et qe les juftices du pees aient ppair denquerer dez ditz defautes fibien al fuite de Roi come de partie noftre feignur le Roi parau&orite de cede par-lement ad ordine qe lez ditz eft atui tz foient fermement tenuz & gardez & eftroitment executz.

Et enoutre pur efchuer pluf-ours graundes mefchiefs qount avenuz deinz le dit roialme par lez ditz auncelles et efpecial-ment pur deftruer la fauxetee de les regratours du file ap-pellez yernchoppers ordinez eft par noftre dit feignur le Roi & par aucftorite fuiulite qen chef-cune citee burgh & ville du roialme foit une commune balance

Digitized by

Google

1429O	Anno o&avo Henrici VI.	ny

lance ovec communes poifes II. And moreover, for to Regrators of enfealez & accordantz a left- efchew divers great mifchiefs andard de lefchequer fur la which have happened within cb0^" commune coftage du dite cite the realm of England by the burgh ou ville en la garde del faid auncel, and efpecially for to mair ou conftables dicell as deftroy the falfehood of the queux balaunces & communes regrators of yarn, called Yerne-poifes toutz les enheritantz de Choppers, (2) it is ordained by mefme la citee burgh ou ville our faid lord the King, by au-qi nount tielx poifes & autres thority aforefaid, That in every Evrry city, quont fils . voillent puiflent city, borough, and town of the borpugh, and franchement poifer fanz rien realm of England, a common ^ave a comment paier preignant nientmeins balance (hall be, with com- mon balance dez foreins pur chefcune trett mon Weights fealed, and ac- and weight*, tledeinz le poisde xl. li. i. qua' cording to the ftandard of the & pur chefcun trett parentre exchequer, upon the common xl. & C. li. i. ob. k pur chef- cofts of the faid city, borough, cune trett parentre C et £ li. i. or town, in the keeping of the <1. a le pluis dont lez poifes fer- mayor or conftable of the fame; rent maintenuz & lofficer loial- (3) at which balance and comment poifant regardez par la inon weight, all ,the inhabi-diferetion des chiefs dicell citee tants of the fame city, bo-burgh ou ville folonc fa enten- rough, or town, that have not dance a la dite occupation foit fuch weights, and other that il pluis ou meins. Et qe null have, if they will, may freely homme achate file de laine ap- weigh without any thing pay-pelle wollenyem fil ne voet ent ing; (4) taking neverthelefs taire drap ne ufe pois ne me-	of foreigns	for every draught

fure ne autre chofe en lieu de	within the	weight of xl. li. a

pois ou mefure qe ne foit en-	farthing, and for every draught

fealez k accordant a le dit	betwixt forty pound and an

eftandard ne mette afeun chofe	hundred pound, an halfpenny,

a icell par voie de pendure ou	and for every draught betwixt

coverture ou en afeun autre	an hundred pound and a thou-

xnaner qepuifleencrecer la me-	fand pound, a penny at the

fure ou le pois ou empedier la	moft $ (5) whereof the weights

balaunce par avoir fon naturell	(hall be maintained, and the

cours fur les forfeiture & peine	officer lawfully weighing re-

defuifditz. Et qe les juftices	warded by the diferetion of

de pees mairs baillifs k fenef-	the chief men of the city,

chalxdesfiraunchifesaientpoair borough, or town, according par audlorite fuiftlite dexaminer	to his attendance to his faid

les trefpafiburs en ceo cas k	bufinefs, be it more or lefsf

pur enquerer en efpecial de	(6) And that no man buy yarn No man (hall

toutz trefpaffoursencountre cell of wool* called woollen yam, buy woollen ordinance & a fair execution	unlefs he will make cloth there- yarn, unlefc

diceux qi fount trovez defe<ftifs	of, nor ufe	weight nor mea-	thereof,

par enqueftes ou par examina-	fure, nor other thing in the Rcp.u jac, lf

tion affair par lez ditz juges ou	place of weight or meafure, c. %8.

officer en ceo cas en maner	that is not fealed according to

come defuis eft dit. Et qe cede	the fiud ftandard, nor fet any

ordi-	I	3	thing

Ii8	Annpo<5UvoHENRici	VTf	{1429,

thing to the fame by the way ordinance foit tenuz & obfcr-

T topnwp vf of tacking or hiding *, or in 9r co- any other manner that may in-H,9Tln^ creafe the meafure or weight, or let the balance to have hk natural courfe, upon the forfeiture and penalty aforefaid.

(7) And that the juftices of peace, mayors, bailiffs, and Rewards of franchifes, have power by authority aforefaid to examine the trefpaffers in this cafe, and to inquire in ef-pecial of offenders agakift this prdinance, and to do execution of them that be found faulty by inquefts, or by examination to be made by the faid judges or officers in this cafe* in the manner as afore is faid. (8) And that this ordinance be holden and obferved from the feaft of Eajler next enfuing. The forfeiture for ever. (9) And that every city, upon pain of ten pounds* of a city or every borough upon pain of an hundred (hillings, and every com^^ba-5 town where a conftable is upon pain of forty (hillings, have a lance and common balance with weights according to the faid ftandard* weights. within two months after proclamation made of this ordir oH 6 c 6 &g. nance » which penalty (hall be levied to the ufe of our lord , ,,h‘ c. g*. the King, as often as they (hall be faulty after the faid proda-?i H. 7. c. 4. mation.

vez de le fed de pafqe prof-chein enfuant pur toutz jours* Et qe chcfcun citee fur peine de x. li. chefcune burgh fur peine de C. s. Sc chefcune ville ou un coneftabie eft fur peine de xl. s. ait une cofnmunfe ba-launce ovec poifes accordant® a le dit eftandard dedeinz deux mois apres proclamation faite de cede ordinance les quelles peines ferront levez al oeps de Roi a tant de foitz qils ferront trovez defe&ifs depuis la pro^ clamation deffuifdite,

CAP. VI.

If any threaten by cafting of bills to bum a boufe, if money be not laid in a certain place; and after do burn the houfe : Such burning of houfes Jhall be adjudged high treafon.

ITEM, forafmuch as our fovereign lord the King, at the grievous complaint to him made by the commons of this realm of England in the full parliament hath conceived, that jdivers great mifehiefs and fubtil felonies and robberies now late have been done in the town of Gantebridgey and in other places in the county of Kent, and E/fex* and in other places in the realm of England, by people offenders unknown, which make divers bills, directed to divers people of the fame towns, counties* and other places of the realm of England, commanding them to put divers great fums of money in certain places, where the faid offenders might lightly carry the fame away* without being Bills,	taken	or	perceived, certifying in the faid bills, that if they

put not the fame money in the places by the faid bills affignec) at a certain day, that the faid offenders would do the greateft and mod outragious vengeance that they might to all them that would not let fuch fums there. And for becaufe that fuch fums have not been put in divers places, according to the pur* port of the fame bilk, many houles and goods and chattels of

divers

Digitized by CjOOQle

119

*439.]	Anno	o&avo	HenricI	VI.

divers perfons have been feionioufly and traiteroufly at Cante-

bridge and elfewhere in the counties and places aforefaid, burnt

and utterly deftroyed, whereby, the people and the towns,

counties, and other places aforefaid, be greatly impoverifhed,

and in point to be finally deftroyed. The fame our fovereign lord

the King, willing in this cafe to provide remedy, hath ordained

by authority of this parliament. That all fuch burnings of

houfes of any perfon, (hall be judged high treafon. Ana that

this ordinance extend as well in fuch burnings made after the

firft day of the reign of our fovereign lord the King till this

time, as to burnings to be made in time to come. Saving Burnings of

always to all lords and other perfons their liberties and fran- houfes.

chifes as hath been done and ufed before this time, in cale of E * *

forfeiture of felony.	9	G.1.C.

CAP. VII.

What fort of men thall be cboofers, and who JhaU be cbofen knights of the parliament.

JTEM come lex elections dez chivalers dex countees «fluz a venir as parlements du Hoi en plufour6 countees dEn-gleterre ore tarde ount efte Jaitz par trop graunde & ex-ceflivc nombre dex gentz de-murantx deinx mefmes les countes dount la greindre partie eftoit par gentz finon de petit avoir ou de null valu dount chefcun pretende davoir voice equivalent quant a tielx elections faire ove les pluis valantz chivalers ou efquiers demur-rantx deinz mefmes les countes dount homicides riotes ba-teries & divifions entre les gentiles & autres gentz de mefmes les countes verifemblablement fburdront & ferront fi cove-nable remedie ne foit purveu cn celle partie noftre feignur le Roy confiderant les premifTes ad purveu & ordene par auc-torite de cell parlement qe les chivalers des countes deins le roialme dEngleterre a efliers a venir a les parlements en apres a tcnirs foient efluz en chefcun counte par gentz demur-rantz & refeantz en icelles dount chefcun ait frank tenement

ITEM, Whereat the elections of knights of Jbires to come to the parliaments of our hrdthe king, in mayy counties of the realm of England, haw now of late been made by very greats outragious, and exceffwe number of people dwelling within the fame counties of the realm of England, of the which mod part was of people of fmall fubfancey and of no value, whereof every of them pretended a voice equivalent, as to fuch elections to be made, with the mojl worthy knights and efquires dueling within the fame, counties, whereby manjlaughtersy riots, batteries, and diviftons among the gentlemen, and other people of the fame counties, /ball very likely rife and be, unlefs convenient and due remedy be provided in this behalf; (2) our lord the King, The qnalifi-confidering the premifies, hath cauoris of the provided, ordained, and fta- fk&o" blifhed, by authority of this prefent parliament. That the ? h. 5. c. 1. knights of the (hires to be cho- 10 H. 6, c. a. fen within the fame realm of England to come to the parliaments of our lord the King hereafter to be holden, (hall be cbofen in every county of the realm

Digitized by

Google

120

Anno oftavo Henrici VI.	[	1429*

What is required of the candidates*

6 H. 6. c, 4. Altered by fo H* 6. c. 2*

The (heriff Empowered to examine the electors upon path, touching their eftates. Juftices of af-fife to inquire of the returns of knights to parliament. Penalty on the fheriff for undue returns, ix H. 4. c. 1.. 23 H. 6. c. 15. p.ail. 446.

Knights falfly returned (hall Jple their wages. '

realm of England, by people dwelling and refident in the Came counties, whereof every one of them (hall have free land or tenement to the value of forty (hillings by the year at the lead above all charges ;

(3) and that they which (hall be fo chofe (hall be dwelling and refident within the fame counties; (4) and fuch as have the greateft number of them that may expend forty (hillings by year and above, as afore is faid, (hall be returned by the Iheriffs of every county, knights for the parliament, by indentures fealed betwixt the faid fheriffs and the faid choofers fo to be made* (5) And every /heriff of the realm of England (hall have power, by tfye faid authority, to examine upon the evangelifts every fuch choofer, how much he may expend by the year; (6) and if any (heriff return knights to come to the parliament contrary to the faid ordinance, the juftices of af-fifes in their feffions of aflifes (hall have power, by the authority aforefaid, thereof to inquire; (7) and if by inqueft |he fame be found before the juftices, and the (heriff thereof be duly attainted, that then the faid (heriff (hall incur th$ pain of an hundred pounds, to be paid to our lord the King, and alfo that he have imprifori-ment by a year, without being let to bail or mainprife; (8) and that the knights for the parliament returned contrary to the faid ordinance, (hall lofe their wages.

Provided always, That he which cannot expend forty (hillings by year, as afore is faid,

(hall in no wife be choofer of the knights for the parliament; (2) and that in every writ that (hall hereafter go forth totlie

(heriffs

ment a le valu de xls. par an al meins outre les repnfes & qe ceux qi ferront enfy efluz foient demurrantz & refeantz deins mefmes les countes & ceux qi ount le greindre nombre dc yceulx qi poient expendrq par an xl s. & outre come de-fuis eft dit foient retoumez par les vifeontz de chefcun coun-tee chivalers pur le parlement par indentures enfealles paren-tre les ditz vifeountz & les ditz eflifours ent affaires. Et eit chefcun vifeont dEngletcrre poair par audiorite fuifidite dex-aminer fur les feintz evange-* lies chefcun tiel elifour come-bien i! poet expendre par an fi afeun vifeount retoume chivalers pur venir au parlement au contrarie de yceft ordi-naunce qe left juftices des afT fifes en lour femons des aflifes aient poar par audiorite fuifdite dc ceo enquerer. Et fi par inqueft ceo foit trove devaunt mefmes les juftices & le vifeount de ceo duement atteint qadonqs le dit vifeounte en-couree la peine de C. li. a paiers a noitre feignur le Roy & auxi qil ait imprifonement par un an faunz eftre leffez au bailie au mainprife & qe les chivalers pur le parlement au contrarie ia dite ordinance retoumez per-dent lour gages.

Purveu toutfoitz qe celluy qi ne popt expendre xls. par an come defuis eft dit ne foit en afeun manere eflifour des chivalers pur le parlement. Et qe cri chefcun brfefe qe iffera en apres as vifeount pur eflier chivalers pur le parlement foit mention fait des ditz ordinances.

Digitized by v^ooQle

* 4*9-1

Anno oftavo Henrici VI.

ill

fheriffs to choofe knights for the parliament, mention b$ made of the faid ordinances.

CAP. VIII.

The Jlatute of 6 Hen. VI. c, 3. confirmed, touching the wages of labourers, fervants, artificers, and workmen.

ITEM, whereas in the laft parliament a good and notable Labour*n ftatute was ordained of labourers, fervants, artificers, and	f

workmen, how much they and every of them fhould take by the year, half year, day, or week, and of other things com-prifed in the fame ftatute and ordinance, which now be expired, becaufe that they were not ordained to endure but to the next parliament then after to be holden. Our fovereign lord the King, confidering that the faid ftatute and ordinance was in other time made for the weale and common profit of the realm of England, and that they (hould be much profitable to the fame realm, if they might endure and be obferved, hath ordained by authority of this parliament, that the faid ftatute and ordinance be holden and kept, and put in due execution tilj $ the King hath otherwife declared his will in the full parliament, c. 4.

CAP. IX.

The duty of jufiices of peace where land is entered upon or detained with force.

ITEM come par le Roy Richard nadgairs Roi dEngle-terre puis le conqueft feconde a fon parlement tenuz aWeftm* lendemain des Aimes lan de fon reign xvme entre autres cho-fes ordinez eftoit & eftabliez qe les eftatuts & ordinances faitz & nient repellez de eeux qi fount entrees ovfe fort main en terres tenementz ou autres pof-feflions qeconqs & lour teig-nent eins ove force & auxi de ceux qi fount infurre&ions rio-tes routes chivaches ou aflem-Wes en diftourbance de la peas ou de la commune ley ou en affraie del poeple ferroient fe-nuz & plenement executes.

Et outre ceo ordine eft par mefme leftatut qe toutz les foitz qe tiels forcibles entres fqient faitz Ac pleint ent veigqe as juftices de peas ou afcun deiix qe mefmes les juftices ou juftice preignent ou preigne ppair dd couqtee & voifent ou

voife

ITEM, whereas by the noble The ftatute of King Richard late King of 15R.2.C.1. England, after the conqueft toe touching for-S'condy ai his parliament at Weftmmfter the morrow after confirmed. All-Souls, the fifteenth year of + Co.48. his reign, amongft other things, HTob-94-it was ordained and ejlablifhed, * Hawk.Pl.Or. That the ftatutes and ordinances * ** made, and not repealed, of them that make entries with flrong hand into lands or tenements, or other pojfejjions whatfoever, and them hold with force, and of them that make infiirreflions, riots, routs, ridings, and afiemBlies, in dijlurb-ance of the peace, or of the common law, or in affray of the people, fhould be holden and fully executed. (2) And moreover, it is prdained by the fame ftatute, That at all times that fuch forcible entries be made, and complaint thereof come to the juftices of peace, or any of them, that the fame juftices of juftice Jhall take the power of thf county, aud Jhall go, or one of

them

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno odUvo Henrici VI.	[1429.

them Jball go, to the place where fuch force is fnade; (3) and if they find, or he findeth, any holding Juch place forcibly, after fuch entry made, they Jboidd be taken and put in the next gaol, there to remain convict by the record of the fame jujlices or juftice, until they have made fine and ranfom to the King 5 (4) and that all the people of the county, as well fberiffs as other, Jball be attending to the faid jujlices, and to afftft them to arreft fuch malefactors, upon pain of imprifonment, and to make fine and ranfom to the King. And that in the fame manner be done of them that make forcible entries < into benefices or offices of holy church, as in the fame Jlatute is contained more at large.

The defers of H, Andfor that the fold Jlatute

thClf	n0* exten^t0 entr*es tn tene“

Palmer* 177. ments *n Peaceable manner, and 9 after holden with force, nor if the perfons which enter with force into lands and tenements, be removed and voided before the coming of the faid jujlices or juflice, as before, nor arty pain ordained if the Jheriff do not obey the commandments and precepts of the faid jujlices for to execute the faid ordinance, many wrongful and forcible entries be daily made in lands and tenements by fuch as have no right, and alfo divers gifts, feoffments, and difeontinu-ances fometimes made to lords, and other puiffant perfons, and extortioners within the: faid counties where they be cottverfant, to have maintenance, and fometimes to fuch perfons as be unknown to them fo put out, to the intent to delay and defraud fuch rightful poffeffors of 'their right and re,co~ very for ever, to the final difbe-rifon of divers of the King's faithful liege people, and likely daily to increafc, if due remedy be not provided

voife al lieu ou tiel force (bit fait & fils trovent ou trove af-cuns tenauntz tiel lieu forci-blement apres tiel entre fait foient prifez Sc mifez en pro-fchien gaole a y demurer con-yuftz de record de mefmes les juftices ou juftice tanqe ils eient faitz fyn & raunceon au Roy. Et qe toutz gentz de counte fibien vifeountz come autres foient entendantz as ditz juftices de eux enforcier pur areftier tiels malefaifours fur peine dem-prifonement & de fiure fyne Sc raunceon au Roy. Et qe en meline le manere foit fait de ceux qi fount forcibles entres en benefices ou office de feint efglife come en mefme leftatut eft contenuz pluis au plein.

Et pur taunt qe le dit eftatut nextende my as entres en tene-mentz en peifible manere Sc a -pres tenuz ove force ne fi les perfones qentront ove force en terres ou tenementz foient re-moevez & voidez devaunt le venudes ditz juftices ou juftice come devaunt ne null peine or-dine fi le vifeount ne obeie my les maundementz & precepts des ditz juftices pur executier lordinance fuifdit ploufours tor-cenoufes Sc forcibles entres fount faitz de jour en autre en terres Sc tenementz par ceux qi droit nount. Et auxi diver-les douns feoffementz & dif-continuances afeun foitz faitz as feignurs Sc autres perfones

(miflantz Sc extortioners deins es countes ou ils fount edn-verfantz pur maintenance avoir Sc afeuns foitz as tiels perfones enfy ouftez difeonuz a tiel en-tent pur delaier Sc defrauder tiels droiturelx pofleffours de lour droit Sc recoverer a toutz jours a final dilheritefon de plufours des foials lieges de

Digitized by Google

14*9-]	A11110 oftavo Hbnrici VI.	123

Roy & ferablable eft dencrefcer vided in this behalf: (2) our

de jouren autre fi du remedie lord the King confidenng the The office and

ne foit purveu celle partie. premiffes, hath ordained. That °UU'

Noftre feignurle Roy confide- the faid ftatute, and all other whenanyfor^

rant les premifles ad ordene ftatutes of fuch entries or alie- cible entry is

qe le dit eftatut & toutz autres nations made in times paft, made into

eftatutz de ticls entres ou alie- (hall be holden and duly exe- ,ands» ?T

nation devaunt faitz foient te- cuted; (3) joined to the fame, J^and after

nuz & duement exccutz ajou- That from henceforth where detainingwith

ftant a icelle qe fi defore en a- any doth make any forcible en- force.

vaunt afcun face tiel forcible try in lands and tenements, or Carthew,49.

entre en terres tenementz ou other pofleflions, or them hold

autres pofleflions ou eux tiegne forcibly, after complaint there-

forciblement apres compleint of made within the fame coun-

ent fait deins mefine le counte ty where fuch entry is made,	'

Jou tiel entre foit fait as jufti- to the juftices of peace, or to

ces de peas ou un de eux par one of them, by the party griev-

Ja parte greve qe les juftices ou ed, that the juftices or juftice

juftice enfy gamy deins temps fo warned, within a convenient

covenable facent ou face due- time (hall caufe, or one of them

xnent executer le dit eftatut & (hall caufe, the faid ftatute duly

ceo as collages del partie enfy to be executed, and that at the

greve.	cofts of the party fo grieved.

Et outre ceo coment qe tielx III. And moreover though perfones faifantz tiel entre foi- that fuch perfons making fuch ent prefentz pu voidez devaunt entry be prefent, or elfe depart-Ja venu des ditz juftices ou ed before the coming of the Juftice nientmeins mefmes les faid juftices or juftice, notwith-juftices ou juftice en afcun bone (landing, the fame juftices or ville pluis profchein as tene- juftice in fome good town next mentz enfy entrez ou en afcun to the tenements fo entered, or lieu covenable folonc loure dif- in fome other convenient place, cretion eient & chefcun de etix according to their difcretion, eit au<5lorite& poair denqucrer (hall have, or either of them par gentz de mefme le countee (hall have, authority and power auxibien de ceux qi fount tielx to inquire by the people of the forcibles entrees en terres & fame county, as well of them tenementz come de ceux qi that make (uch forcible entries eux teignent ove force. Et fi in lands and tenements, as trove foit devaunt afcun deux of them which the fame hold qe afcun face le contrarie de with force; (2) and if it be The remedy ceft eftatut adonqs les ditz in- found before any of them, that where any ftices ou juftice facent ou face any doth contrary to this fta- Pcpf®n «nter-refeifer les terres & tenementz tute, then the faid juftices or alierwthe enfy entrez ou tenuz come de- juftice (hall caufe to refeife the farne land to vaunt & mettre la partie enfy lands and tenements fo entered have mainte-oufte en plein pofleflion de or holden as afore, and (hall nahcc* mefmes les terres & tenementz put the party fo put out in full * caiii?* come devaunt entrez ou tenuz. pofleflion of the feme lands 11C6.65I Et fi afeune perfone apres tiel and tenements fo entered or entre 'ep terres ou tenementz holden as before. (3) And if tenuz	any

Digitized by

Google

124	Anno	oftavo	Henrici	VI.	[1429.

any perfon, after fuch entry into lands or tenements holden with force, make a feoffment or other difcontinuance to any lord or other perfon, to have maintenance, or to take away and defraud the pofleflor of his recovery in any wife, if after in •	aflife,	or	other	adtion	thereof

to be taken or purfued before juftices of affifes, or other the King’s juftices whatfoever, by due inquiry thereof to betaken, the fame feoffments and dif-v continuances may he duly proved to be made for maintenance, as afore is faid, that then fuch feoffments, or other difcontinuance, fo as before made, lhall be void, fruftrate, and holden for none.

The juftices IV. And alfo when the faid precept to the juftices or juft ice make, fuch wm	inquiries	as	before,	they	Jail

inquireof for- make, or one of them (hall rible entries, make, their warrants and precepts to be directed to the (heriff of the fame county, commanding him of the King’s behalf to caufe to come before them, and every of them, fuf-ficient and indifferent perfons, dwelling next about the lands fo entered as before, to inquire Juror to have of fuch entries, (2) whereof 40 s. per Ann. every man, which (hall be impanelled to inquire in this behalf, (hall have land or tenement of the yearly value of forty (hillings by year at the lead, above repriles. (3) And that the (heriff return ifliies upon every of them at the day of the first precept returnable xx. s. and at the fecond day xl.s. and at the third time C.s. and at every day after, the dou-The (herifTs ble. (4) And if any (heriff or penalty for bailiff within a franchife, hav-omitting his jng re(urn Qf the King’s writ,

u y*	be	(lack,	and make not execu-

tion

tenuz ove force face feoffement ou autre difcontinuance a af-cun feignur ou autre perfone pur maintenaunce avoier ou pur toller & defrauder le pof-feffour de fa recoverer en alcun maner (i apres en affife ou autre action ent deftre prife ou purfuez devaunt juftices des affifes ou autres juftices le Roy qiconqs par deu enquerre ent apprendre purra duement eftre prove mefmes les feoffementz & difcontinuances eftre faitz pur maintenaunce come defuis eft dit qe adonqes tielx feoffementz ou autre difcontinuance enfy come devaunt faitz foient voiaez irritez & tenuz pur nulle.

Et auxi quant les ditz juftices ou juftice ferrent tielx en-querrez come devaunt facent ou face lour garrantz & precepts diredtz al vifeount de mefme le counte luy comaund-ant depar le Roy ae fair venir devaunt eux & chefcun deux perfones fufficiantz & indiffe-rentz pluis profeheins demur-rantz entour les tenementz enfy entrez come devaunt den-querrer de tielx entreez dount chefcun qi ferra empanelle den* querer en celle partie ait terre ou tenement de annuel value de xl. s. par an au meins outre ies reprites. Et qe le vifeount retpurneiffuez fur chefcun deux au jouf de primer precept returnable xx. s. & al feconde jour xl.s. & al tierce foitz C. s. & au chefcun jour apres le double. Et (i afeun vifeount ou bailly deinz fraunchife aiantz retoume de briefe du Roy foit lacche & ne face duement execution des ditz preceptz a luy direftz pur tielx enquerrez faire qil fbrface devers le Roy xx. li.

S)ur chefcun defaut & outre face yn & raunceon au Roy.

Et

1429*3

Anno oftavo Henrici VI.

I2J

Etqe auxbien lesjuftices ou tion duly of the faid precepts juftice avauntditzcome les juf- to him directed to make fuch tices des aflifes a lour venir en inquiries, that he (hall forfeit pais pur aflifes prendre eient & to the King xx. li. for every chefcun de eux ait poair doier default, and moreover (hall & terminer tielx defautes & make fine and ranfom to the negligences des ditz vifcontz King,

& baillifs & chefcun deeux aux- V. And that as well the juf-ibien par bille al fuite del par- tices or juftice aforefaid, as the tie greve pur luy mefme come juftices of aflifes, and every of pur le Roy a iuier come par them, at their coming into the enditement a prendre pur le country to take affiles, (hall Roy foulement. Et fi le vif- have, and every of them (hall count ou bailly foit duement have, power to hear and detcr-atteint en celle partie par en- mine fuch defaults* and negli-ditement ou par bille qe celuy gences of the faid (heriffs and qi fue pur luy & pur le Roy eit bailiffs, and eveiy of them, as une moitee de la forfaiture de well by bill at the fuit of the xx. li. enfemblement ove fes

tielx enditees ou fuez par bille (2) And if the (heriff or bailiff en celle partie (icome ferroit be duly attainted in this behalf vers enditez ou fuez par briefe by indictment, or by bill, that de trefpafs fait ove force & ar- he which fueth for nimfelf and-mes encountre la peas duRoy. for the King have the one Et outre ceo (i afcun perfone moiety of the forfeiture of xx.li. foit oufte ou difleifie dafcuns together with his cofts and ex-terres ou tenementz ove for- pences. (3) And that the fame cible manere ou oufte peifible- procefs be made againft fuch merit & apfes tenuz dehors ove perfons indicted or hied by bill forte main ou apres tielle entre in this behalf, as (hould be a-afcun feoffement ou difconti- gainft perfons indicted or fued nuance en afcune manere ent by writ of trefpafs done with foit fait pur defrauder & toller force and arms againft the peace le droit del pofleffour qe la par- of the King.

tie greve en celle partie eit aflife VI. And moreover, if any What a&ion de novell difleifeine ou briefe perfon be put out, or difleifea mzy be had de trefpas vers tiel difleifour. of any lands or tenements in {*im t Et fi la partie greve recovere forcible manner, or put out out%rkeep par aflife ou par aCtion-de tref- peaceably, and after holden out him out ot pas & trove foit par verdit ou with ftrong hand 5 or, after pofleflion with en autre manere par due forme fuch entry, any feoffment or en ley qe la partie defendant difcontinuance in any wife ,oCo.u#$. entra ove force en terres & te- thereof be made, t6 defraud Z1 Co. 30/ nementz ou eux par force a- and take away the right of the pres fon entree tiendra qe le pofleflor; that the party griev-pleyntif recovera fes damages ed in this behalf (hall have aflife au treble vers le defendant & of Novel diffiifm, or a writ of outre ceo qil face fyn & raun- trefpafs againft fuch difleifor. ceon au Roy. Et qe mairs ju- (2) And if the party grieved

cottages & expenfes. Et qe mefme la procefle foit fait vers

ftices

recover

Digitized by

' Dogle

Anno o&avo HENRici VI.	(1429*

The authority of the chief officers in cities, &c. to repress force. Inforced by 31ELc.11.

They may keep their lana by force, who have had threeyears poffefiion.

Co. Lit. 157. Salk. 356. Regift. 189.

5 K.s.ftat.i. c.7.

4H.4.C.S.

fecovcr by afllfe, or by a&ion of trefpafs, and it be found by verdidt, or in other manner by due form in the law, that the party defendant entered with force into the lands *and tenements, or them after his entry did hold with force, that the plaintiff (hall recover his treble damages againft the defendant; (3) and moreover, that he make fine and ranfom to the King. And that mayors, juftices or juftice of peace, (heriffs, and bailiffs of cities, towns, and boroughs, having franchife, have in the faid cities, towns, and boroughs, like power to remove fuch entries, and in other articles aforefaid, rifing within the fame, as the juftices

ftices ou juftice de peas vif-countz & baillifs des citees villes & burghs aiantz franchife eient en les ditz citees villes & burghs autiel poair de tielx entrees ouftier & en au-tres articles defuifdites emer-gentz deinz ycellcs come ount les juftices de peas & vifcountes en countees & pais fuifdites.

Purveu toutz foitz qe ceux qi gardent par force lour pof-(effions en afcuns terres ou te-nementz dount ils ou lour aun-ceftres ou ceux queux eftat ils oilnt en tiels terres & tene-mentz ount confenuz lour pof-feflions en ycelles par trois ans ou pluis ne foient my enda-magez par force de celle efta-tut.

of peace and (heriffs in counties and countries aforefaid have.

VII. Provided always. That they which keep their pofle£-(ions with force in any lands and tenements, whereof they or their anceftors, or they whofe eftate they have in fuch lands and tenements, have continued their pofleffions in the fame by three years or more, be not endamaged by force of this ftatute.

CAP. X.

Procefs awarded againft tbofe which dwelling in foreign counties he indifted or appealed.

Inforced by 10H. 6. c. 6.

3 Influx.

The inconveniences of indicting or appealing any pcrfon in one county that is converfant in another.

ITEM, our lord the King con-ftdering how divers perfons for their private revenge, and not of right, malicmfly by fubtile imagination have caufed and procured many of his faithful liege people fal/ly to be indicted and appealed of Jeveral treafons, felonies, and trefpajfes, before juftices of the

ITEM noftre feignur le Roy confiderant coment diverfes perfones pur lour finguler vengeance & nient de droit malU, cioufment par fotile ymagina-tion ount faitz & procurez de fauxment enditer & appeller diverfez de fez foialx lieges de diverfes trefons felonies & tref-

peace, and other commijjioners and pas devaunt juftices de peas & juftices, and others having power autres commiflioners & juftices

to take indiAments or appeals in divers foreign counties, liberties> and franchifes of England, in which the Jaid lieges be not, nor at any time were, converfant nor dwelling $ (2) by force of which indictments and appeals, and the Procejfes upon them made in the

faid

h autres aiantz poair de prendre enditementz ou appelles en diverfes foreins countees liber-tees & fraunchifes dEngleterre e$ queux les ditz lieges ne fount nc unqes feuffent con-verfantz ne demurantz par force des queux inditementz

U

Digitized by

Google

127

1429-]	Anno ofltavo Henrici VI.

& appelles & les proceffes fur faid counties, franchifes, and lieu* faitz cn les ditz countees berties, the Jaid perfonsy fo in-firaunchifez & libertees les ditz dieted have been, and daily be put perfones enfy enditez ount efte in Exigent, and after outlawed,

& de jour en autre fount mys and thereupon their goods and cn exigent & puis utlagez & chatties, lands and tenements for-fur ceo lour biens & chatieux feit, and they in great jeopardy of terres & tenementz forfaitz & their lives, whereas the faid per-eux en grande perile de lour fons fo indifted, appealed, or put vies la ou les ditz perfones en- in Exigent, or outlawed, had fy enditez appellez ou mys en never knowledge of fuch indift-exigent ou utlagez navoient ments, appeals. Exigents, or out-unqs coniflance de tielx endite- lawries; (3) which faljhood and mentz appellez exigentz ne ut- malice daily doth abound and in-lagaries les queux fauxine & creafe in divers counties, liberties, malice de jour en autre habun- ana franchifes of England, in dent & encrefcent en divers great hindrance, lofs, and perpe-countees libertees & fraunchi- tual dellruftion of many of hisfaid fes dEngleterre en graunt a- faithful and innocent liege people, nientefment perde & perpetuell and very likely to increafe here-deftroCtion de plufors de fez after, if convenient remedy be not * ditz foialx & innocentz lieges ordained and provided in this be-& verifemblable eft dencrefcer half en apres ft remedie covenable II. And therefore the fame Procefs upon ne foit ordeine & purveu en our lord the King, of his fpe- indictments of cclJe partie.	cial grace, and by authority of

Et pur ceo mefme noftre this parliament, for eafe and counties, fcignur le Roy de fa grace ef- tranquillity of his faithful lieges 10H.6. c.6. peciale & par aueftoritee de ceft of this realm, hath caufed to be parlement pur eafe falvation & ordained and ftablifhed. That tranquillite de fez foialx lieges upon every indictment or ap-de ceft roialme ad fait ordiner peal by the which any of the & eftablir qe fur chefcun en- (aid lieges dwelling in other ditement ou appelle par la quelle counties than there where fuch afeuns des ditz lieges demur- indictment or appeal is or (hall rantz en autres countees qe la be taken of treafon, felony, ou tiel enditement ou appell and trefoafs, to be taken here-foit ou ferra pris de trefon fe- after before the juftices of peace, lonie & trelpafs apprendre en or before any other having apres devaunt juftices de peas power to take fuch indictments ou devaunt alcun aiant poair or appeals, or other cammif-de tielx enditementz ou appel- fioners or juftices in any coun-les prendre ou autres commif- ty, franchife, or liberty of Eng-fioners ou juftice en afeun land, before any exigent award-countee franchife ou libertee ed upon any indiAment or ap-dEngleterre devaunt afeun ex- peal in the form aforefaid to igend* agarde fur afeun endite- be taken, that prefently after ment ou appelle en la forme the first writ ot Capias upon avauntdite aprendre qe main- every fuch indictment or ap-tenant apres le primere briefe peal awarded and returned, de capias fur chefcun tiel cn- that another writ of Capias be ditement	award-

Digitized by

Google

Anno oftavo Henrici VI.	[1429,/

awarded, directed to the Qieriff of the county, whereof he which is fo indidted is or was fuppofed to be converfant by the fame indidtment, returnable before the fame juftiees or commiffioners before whom he is indidted or appealed at a certain day, containing the fpace of three months from the date of the faid laft writ, where the counties be holden from month to month ; and where the counties be holden from fix weeks to fix weeks, he (hall have the fpace of four months, until the day of the return of the fame writ; (2) by which writ of fecond Capiat, be it contained and commanded to the , fame (heriff, to take him which is fo indidted or appealed, by his body, if he can be found within nis bailiwick; (3) and if he cannot be found within his bailiwick, that the faid ihe-riff (hall make proclamation in two counties before the return of the fame writ, that he which is fo indidted or appealed (hall appear before the laid juftiees or commiffioners in the county, liberty, or franchife where he is indidted or appealed, at the day contained in < the faid laft writ of Capias, to anfwer to our lord the King, or to the party, of the felony, treafon, or trefpafs, whereof he is fo indidted or appealed; (4) after which fccond writ of Capias fo ferved and returned, if he which is fo indidted or appealed come not at the day of the fame writ of Capias returned, the Exigent (hall be awarded againft fuch perfons indidted or appealed, and every of them.

III. And if any Exigent hereafter be awarded upon any fuch indidlment or appeal againft

the

ditement ou appdle agarde & retourne qe un autre briefe dp Capias foit agarde diredte al vifeount del countee dount celly qi eft enfy enditez eft ou fuiit (uppofe deftre converfant par mefme lenditement retoumable devaunt mefmes les juftiees on commiffioners devaunt queux il eft endite ou appelle a ur certcin jour conteinant la fpace de trois mois de la date du dit darrein briefe ou les countes fe teignent de mois cn mois & la ou les countee9 fount tenuz defys fepmains en fys fepmains ait lefpace de quatre mois tanqal jour de retourne dp mefme le briefe par quel briefe de feconde Capias foit contenuz & comaunde a mefme le vifeount de prendre cfcluy qi eft enfy endite ou appelle par fon corps fil poet eftre trove deins (a baillie. £t fil ne poet mye eftre trove dcins fa baillie qe le dit vifeount face proclamation ea deux countees devaunt le ro-toume de mefme le briefe qe celuy qeft enfy endite ou appelle appierge devaunt les ditz juftiees ou commiffioners en Je countee libertee ou franchife ou il eft endites ou ap-pellez al jour contenu en le dit darrein briefe de Capias a re-fpoundre a noftre dit feignur le Roy Sr au partie de la felonie trefon ou treipafle dount il eft enfy enditez ou appellez apres quel fecond briefe de Capias enfy fervy & retoumee fi celuy qi eft enly enditez ou appellee ne veigne al jour de mefme le briefe de Capias retourne foit exigend* agardez envers tielx endites ou appellez & chefcun de eux.

Et fi afeun exigend’ enapres foit agarde fur afeun tiel en-ditement ou appelle countre ia forme

Digitized by v^ooQle

1429 ] Anno o£Uvo Henrici VI-.	j29

forme avauntdite ou afcun ut- the form aforefaid, or any out-lagarie fur ceo pronunciez foit lawry be upon that pronoun-fiblen cell exigend* enfy agarde ced, as well the Exigent fo a-come la utlagarie fur ceo pro- warded, as the outlawry upon nuncie & chelcun de eux tenuz that pronounced, and every of

!iur null & voide et qe la partie them, (hall be holden for none ur qi tiel exigend’ encountre and void; (2) and that the par-la forme avauntdite foit agarde ty upon whom fuch Exigent a-# ou utlagarie pronuncie ne foit gainft the form aforefaid is a-endamage ne mys a perde de warded, or outlawry pronoun-fes biens ou chatieux terres ou ced, be not endamaged, nor tenementz ne de fa vie.	put to lofs of his goods or chat-

Purveu toutz foitz qe le- tels* lands or tenements, nor ftatut fait en le darrein parle- of his life.

ment des procefles affairs en IV. Provided always. That 6 H. 6. c. 1. tielx cafes devaunt le Roy en the ftatute made in the laft par- An action fon bank eftoife en fa force. Et liament, of procefles to be made JJJjjJJtSn W? enoutre mefme noftre fegnur in fuch cafe before the King in bj^t^pauty le Roy ad grantee par au<5h>- his bench, (land in his force, indi&ed or ritee fufdite qe chefcun enditez (2) And moreover, the fame appealed a-ou appelle en la forme avaunt- our lord the King hath granted g^aftthe pro-dite de cy enavaunt apres ceo	by authority	aforefaid. That	°	'

qil foit par verdit duement ac-	every perfon	indidled or ap- Rail. 1*3*

quitee qil eit briefe & aftion pealed in the form aforefaid fur fon cas envers chefcun pro- from henceforth, after that he curour de tielx enditementz be duly acquit by verdidt, that ion appdlez et foit autiele pro- he (hall have a writ and adlion cefle fur & en mefme le briefe upon his cafe, againft every come en briefe de trefpas fait procurer of fuch indidhnents ove force & armes et fi tiel	or appeals;	and like procefs

procurour foit atteint en celle	(hall be upon	and in the fame

partie qe le pleintif recovere writ, as in a writ of trefpafs fez 'damages au treble.	done with force and arms;

Purveu toutz foitz qe cell (3) and if fuch procurer be at-ordinance ne fe extende myc as tainted in this behalf, that the enditementz ou appdlez prifez plaintiff (hall recover his treble ou apprendrez deinz le countee dafnnges. de Ceftre.	V.	Provided	always,	That

Purveu auxi qe fi afcun des this ordinance (hall not extend, ditz lieges ou afcun de lour to indidhnents or appeals taken heirs foit ou ferra appelle ou or to be taken within the enditez de felonie ou trefon & county of Chefler.

ati teihps de mefme le felonie VI. Provided alfo. That if A martindidV-ou trefon fuppofez eft ou feuft any of the faid lieges, or any of cd or appealed converfaunt deinz le countee their heirs, be or (hall be ap- m,thc country dount lenditement ou appelle pealed or indidted of felony or converfant* fait mention qe autielle pro- treafon, and at the titne of the (hall be profe-cefle foit frit vers tiel endite ou fame felony ortreafon fuppofed', cured su tor-appelle come ad efte ufe de- he is and was converfant with^- nwrty* vaunt ces heurs.	in the county whereof the in-

didlment or appeal maketh .' Vol. III.	K	mention.

Digitized by

Google

130	Anno	o&avo	Henrici	VI. [“1429^

mention, the like procefs be made againft fuch perfon fo indicted or appealed, as hath been ufed always before this time.

CAP. XI.

The citizens of London may take apprentices according to their ancient

Ex edit.	TTEM, It is (hewed to our lord the King by the feid conv-

Pulton. '	JL mons for the mayor and aldermen and commons of the city •

ifbert^id1	° London, that whereas among other firanchifes, liberties and

cuftom of the cuftoms to them by the fame our lord the King and his noble citizens of progenitors granted and confirmed, it is contained. That the London, manner and form of taking apprentices within the faid city of touching old time ufed and continued, be kept and obferved: (2) And where it is alfo there ufed by the cuftoms of the fame city of time out of mind continued and approved in the fame, that every peribn which was not of villain eftate or condition, but of free, eftate and condition, might put himfelf, his fon or daughter to be apprentice to any freeman of the feme city, to learn his craft -or myftery, and that likewife every freeman of the faid city may take every fuch perfon, fon or daughter to be his apprentice, without impeachment, (3) until now of late the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, be and have been grievoufly vexed and inquicted by colour of an article of the ftatute made at	Wtjimnfttry the feventh year of the reign of King Henry the

Fourth, rehearfing by general words. That no man nor woman put their fon nor daughter to be apprentice within any city or town of the realm of England, except that behave land or rent to the value of twenty (hillings by year, and that bv teftimony Under the feals of the juftices o? peace, nor that any (nail receive a prentice to the contrary, upon a grievous penalty limited in the feid ftatute.

Thecitizens II. Our lord the king, confidering the great hindrance which of London by the feid ftatute might redound to the inhabitants of the laid mprantiees	they	(hould	be	thereby	reftrained	of their feid liberties

according to ana cuftoms, and how in the beginning of the feme ftatute their old0 it is contained. That the feid city of	have	and	enjoy

cujto™* all her liberties, franchifes and cuftoms that be not contrary Utotetute'S' *°fctd article, and alfo tefpe&ing the entire affections, and 7 H. 4. c. 17. great kindnefs done and (hewed to our faid lord the King in which is Rep. all his affairs by the citizens of the feid city of London, and by • * H. 7. to encourage them the more to fuch affedtions and kindnefe c! i.1* * hereafter, by the advice and aflent aforefaid, hath ordained by **	the authority of this parliameht. That the feid ancient manner,

form and cuftora of putting and taking of apprentices, ufed and continued in the faid city of	be	from henceforth kept,

and obferved, as long as it fhallpleafe our feid lord the King, without bring for that impeached, or to incur the pain contained in rite feid ftatute.

CAP,

Digitized by Google

*429-J

Anno cxftavo Henrici VI.

*3*

CAP. XII.

No judgment or record jhull be reverfed for any writ, pro* cefs, &c. rafed. What defeSs in records may be amended by the judges, and what not.

ITEM jioftre feignui' lc Roy TTEM our lord the King No judgment ad ordine & eftable par auc- X hath ordained and eftabliih- 210n{*J!0rci torite de ceft prefent parlement ed by the authority of this pre- ^no^av^ed qe pur errour afligne ou affigner fent parliament, That for error tor any writ, ~ afligned, or to be afligned, in retain, pro-* any record, procefs, or warrant ce*J>*cvrated

cn afeune recorde procefle ga-raunt dattoume brief original ou judicial panell ou retoume cn afeuns lieux dicelx rafez ou cntrelinez ou en afeun addition iubtradtion ou diminution des paroles lettres titles ou parcel-ies des lettres troves en afeun ticl recorde procefle garraunt dattoume brief panell ou re-tourne queux rafures cntrelinez addition fubtradion ou diminution al dilcretion des juges ie Roy des courtes & places en queux les ditz re-cordes ou procefle par briefe derrour ou autrement fbupt certifiez appiergent fufpe&z ne foit afeune juggement ne recorde reverie ne adnulle.

Et qe les juges le Roi des courtes be places en queux afeun recorde procefle parole plee garaunt dattoume brief panel! qp retourne pur le temps foit

of attorney,original writ or jur

dicial, panel or return, in any 5°*,,,

[daces of the fame rafed or inter- 160, 341.	.

ined, or in any addition, fubf- 5 C6- 45-tradion,ordiminution ofwords, q^° A*?* letters, titles, or parcel ofletters, Cn.Car.mju found in any fuch record, procefs, warrant of attorney, writ, pand, or return, which ratings, interlinings, addition, fubftrac-tion, or diminution, at the dif* cretion of the King's judges of the courts and places, in which the faid records or procefs by writ of error, or otherwife, be certified, do appear fufpe&ed, no judgment nor record fhall be reverfed nor adnulled.

II. And that the King’s The judges judges of the courts and places in which any record, procefs, ^wWehbe word, plea, warrant of attorney, ntifprifion of writ, panel, or return, which the clerk, for the time fhall be, fhall have i4]M.3.ttat,*;

dent poair dexaminer tielx re-	_

cordes prpeefle paroles nlees power to examine fuch re- #u’ garrauntz dattoume brief pa- cords, procefs, words, pleas, *h./ c. 15V nefl be retoume par eux Sc lour warrants of attorney, writs, pa- 4 Mod. 6. *47. clerks &. de reformer be amen- nels, or return, by them and der en affermance des jugge- their clerks, and to reform and mentz de tielx recordes be pro- amend (in affirmance of the cefle tout ceo qe a eux en lour judgments of fuch records and di/cretion female eftre mefpri- proceffes) all that which to fion de clerk en tielx recorde? them in their dilcretion feem-procefle parole plee garrauqt oth to be mifprifioQ of the dtttournee )>rieT pane/l be re- clerks in fuch record, procef-tourne forfprife appelez endite- fes, word, plea, warrant of at-mentz de treibn be des felonies tomey, wnt, panel, and re-be lutlagaries dicelles Sc la fub- turn; (2) except appeals, in-fiance de propres nouns fur- di&ments of treafon and of fe-

nouns	K	2	Ionics.	I

Digitized by

132	Anno o&avo Henrici VI.	[1429.

yn&t defe£h lonies, and the outlawries of nouns & additions entreleflcz not^aauen^ ^ame» anc* t^e fubftance of en briefs originalx briefs dcx-ed	the proper names, furnames, igent folonqe leftatut autre foitz

*7 El. c. 5. and additions left out in ori- fait lan feconde le Roi Henri i.Ha 5. c. 5. ginal writs and writs of exigent, pier noftre feignur te Roi qor according to the ftatute another eft & en autfes briefs conte-*	time made the first year of nantz proclamation iflint qe

King Henryfather to our lord par tiel mefprifion de clerk ne the King that now is, arid in foit afeun juggement reverie other writs containing procla- ne adnulle. Et fi afeun recorde tipn ; (3) fo that by luch mif- procefle briefe garraunt dat-prifion' of the clerk no judg- tourne retourne ou panell foit ment (hall be reverfed nor ad • certifie defedive autrement qe Varianoeal- nulled. (4) And if any record, accordant a la feripture qe ent Jedgcd be- procefs, writ, warrant of at- demoert en les treforie courtes coiTan/tbe torncy* return, or panel be ou lieux dount ils fount certi-certificate certified defective, othfcrwife fiez eient les parties eit affer-ahereof, Audi than according to the writing mance des juggementz de tielx be by the which thereof remaineth in the recorde & procefle avauntage ed ge#amcna treafury, courts, or places from dalegger qe mefme la feripture whenfce they be certified, the eft variaunt al dit certificate & parties in affirmance of the ceo trove & certifie fpit mefme judgments of fuch record and la variaunce par les djtz jfiges procefs (hall have advantage to refounne & amende ^ccbrdant alledge, that the fame writing a dit primer feripture. is variant from the faid ccrtifi7 Et outre ceo eft ordine qe fi cate, and* that found and cer- afeun recorde ou parcell dicel tified, that the fame variance brief retourne panell procefle (hall be by the faid judges re- au garaunt dattoume en les formed and amended accord- courtes le Roi de chauncellarie ing to the first writing.	efcheqer lun bank ou lautre ou

Embezzling III. And moreover it is or- en fa treforie foit voluntierment pf arfcord> dained, That if any record, or embleemporteretreitouavoide ^^inenfparcel of the fame writ, return, par afeun clerk ou autre per-thall be re- panel, procefs, or warrant of (one a caufe de quell alcun jug-w ted, is fe- attorney in the King’s courts of gement foit reverie qe tiel ern-lony.	chancery, exchequer, the one blour emportour retreiour & a-

s Cci^iso 4* bench or the other, or in his voidour lour procurators coun-'1 ' treafury, be willingly ftolen, feillours & abbettours ent endi-taken away, withdrawn, or tez & par procefle fur ceo fait avoided by any clerk, or by ent duement convidtz par lour other perion, becaufe whereof propreconfeflionouparenquef-any judgment (hall be re- teapprendredesloialxhommes verfed; mat fuch dealer, takw dount la moite foit des hom-away, withdrawer, or avoider, mes dafeun court de meftne les their procurators, counfellors, courtes & lautre moite dautres and abettors, thereof indidted, foient adjuggez pur felons & and by procefs thereupon made encourgent la peine de felonie. thereof duly convidt by their Et qe les juges de les ditz Own confeffion, or by inqueft courts de lun bank ou lautre to be taken of lawful men, eient poair doier & terminer whereof,	.	tielx

Digitized by

Google

1429.]

tielx defautes devaunt eux & dent faire punition come devaunt eft dit.

Purveu toutz foitz qe ft af-cun tiel recorde procene briefe garraunt dattoume panell ou retoume ou parceli dicel foit a prefentouen apres ferraexem-plifie jen la chauncellarie le Roi foubz fon graunde feal & tiel exemplification illeoqes de recorde enrolle faunz afcun ra-fure en une mefme lieu en mefme lexemplification & len-«3llement dicell qe alors pur null errour afligne ou alfigner en les ditz recordes procefTes briefs garaunt dattoume panell ou retoume en afcunlettre parol, le claufe ou matierdicell variaunt ou contrariaunt adite exemplification & lenrollement ne foit nullejuggementdesditz recordes & procefle reverfe ne adnulle.

Anno octavo Henrici VI.

*33

whereof the one half (hall be of the men of any court of the lame courts, and the other half of other, fhall be judged for felons, and (hall incur the pain ' of felony. (2) And that the judges of the faid courts of the one bench or of the other, have power to hear and determine fuch defaults before thepi, and thereof to make due punifli-ment as afore is faid.

IV. Provided always. That A record ex-if any fuch record, procefs. emplified unwrit or warrant of attorney, ^ the ?^eat ,	.	,	3	r	teal, and in-

panel, or return, or parcel of roll;d the

the fame, be jnow, or hereafter chancery >	%

fhall be exemplified in the to fie ,

King’s chancery under the great feal, and luch exemplification there of record inrolled without any rafing in the fane place in the exemplification and the inrollment of the fame, that

another time for any error af-figned, or to be afligned in the faid record, procefs, writ, warrant of attorney, panel, or return, in any letter, word, claufe, or matter of the fame varying, or contrary to the faid Exemplification and the inrollment, there fhall be no judgment of the faid records and procefs reverfed or adnulled.

CAP. XIII.

There Jhall not be excepted in the protections of tbofe that Jhall

I go with the King into France, afffe of Novel Difleifin.

TEh^, forafmuch as our fovereign lord the King, by the Exedit.Raft^, afientofhis fage council doth purpofe with the aidpf God, to pafs into his realm of France the fame our faid fovereign lord, by the advice of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and alfo of the commons of this prefent parliament, to efehew the difheri-fons of all perfons, which be or (hall be retained with our faid fovereign lord the King, to abide in his fervice, in the parts beyond the fea? hath ordained and provided. That every protection to be made with the claufe of Volumus, for any of the fame perfons, there (hall be contained in the claufe of exception in the fa'me omiflion of thefe words, jffpfts noue dijfeifme. And Prote&ioa, that all thefe protections be allowable and allowed for them and Every of them in all the King’s courts and elfewhere, where fuch protections be put forth for any fuch perfon, in all pleas of amfes as well of Novel dijfeifm as frefti force without any difficulty. Provided always. That the judgments to be given fropi henceforth in fuch affifes arraigned or to be arraigned, be

*3	not

Digitized by VjOOQIC

134	•

Entry,

ft H. 5.|at.i.

Riotous pcr-fons commit murders,man-(laughters, robberies, &c, and then flee into fecret places.

Anno oftavo HenriCi VI. [14 29.

not prejudicial to any of the faid perfons fo abiding in the King’s fervice beyond the fea, as afore is faid, which have any thing in reverfion or in remainder in fuch lands or tenements, where-filch aflifes be or (hall be arraigned, if they which have in reverfion or in remainder in fuch lands or tenements, be not named in the fame aflifes, but that they beagainft them all void : And-that this ftatute (hall endure for two years next following, if the fame our faid fovereign lord the King abide fo long in the parts beyond the fea. Provided alfo, That all the entries made or to be made after the first day of this prefent parliament, be *not comprifed in this prefent ordinance. And that none, which hath made or (hall make any fuch entries after the faid first day of this parliament, have any benefit of the fame ordinance.

CAP. XIV.

Riotous perfons committing of felonies, and then fleeing into

ITEM, For that great andgrie-tms complaint was made to King Henry, late King of England, father to our lord the King that now ft, at his parliament holden at Leicefter the fecond year of his reign, by the commons of his parliament of or faid, of divers murders, manflaugbters, robberies, batteries affembUts of people in great number in manner of in-Jurreftions, and of divers other rebellions and riots ;	(2)	and

after fuch offences the feud felons and offenders did flee and withdraw themfelves to divers woods and fecret places unknown, and f Ifewhere, to the intent and pur-pofe to avoid the execution of the common law, and that they might not be brought to anfwcr according to the prcccfs of the common law: (3) JVbrreupon the faid late King conjidering the aforefaid complaint, by the advice ana affent of the fords fpiritual and temporal in the fame parliament ajfembled, did ordain and fiablijh, at the requejlof thejaid commons, That if any after come into the chancery, and make complaint duly, that any fuch felon or offender as aforefaid hath fled or withdrawn nim/elf to any fuch ph.e} or elfewhcre to the intent afore-

ITEM pur ceo qe graunde & grevoufe compleint fuift feit a Roi Henri jadis Roi dEn-gleteire pier noftre feignur Je Roi qoreft a fon parlement te-nuz a Leyceftr’ lan de fbn regne feconde par les communes de fon parlement avaunt-dit de diverfes murdres homicides robories, bateries af-femblees dezgente en graunde neumbre par maner dinfurrec-tions & de diverfes autres rebellions & riotes & apres tielx meffaites les ditz felouns be mesfeifours fenfurent & retra-herent as diverfes boys & lieux Covertez & difeonuz be aillours a lentent & purpos dc voider lexecution de la commune ley be qils ne ferroient mefhez a refpounce folonc proces de fa ley fur qoy le dit nadgairs Roi confiderant la fuifdit compleint par aflent des feignurs efpiri-tuelx & temporelx en mefine le parlement aflemblez avoit ordinez & eftabliez a la requeft des ditz communes qe fi af-cuny en temps avenir veigne en la chauncellarie & face compleint duement qe afeun tiel felon ou malefaifour come a-vaunt eft dit fen eft fuy & ne-trahet

Digitized by v^ooQle

«35

14*9.] Anno odtavo Henri ci VI.

nhct a afcun tie] lieu ou ail- ajorefaid,

ours al entent fuifdit foit fur bill /ball be made far tie! compleint une bille fuffi-	the King, (4) And the chan- Procefsaward-

ceantmcnt fait pur le Roy et	cellar of England for the time	,he

eit le chaonceller dErtgleterre being, after bill to him de-pur le temps efteant apres tiel Uvered, if he may bille a luy lyvere fil poet eftre ed that bill containeth enformez duement tie! bilie	/ball have power by his difcretion

contener verite poair de faire	to award a writ of Capias at

folonc fa difcretion un brief	the flit of our lord the King, di-

de Capias a la fuite du Roy	relied to the of the county

diredt al vifcont de countee ou	or counties where the find mstr-

countees ou Jes dites murdres	ders,	robberies,

homicides robories bateries 6c batteries, and other offences be autres mesfaitz fount fuppofez fuppofed by the faid bill to be done par le dite bille eftre faitz & and committed, returnable in the perpetrez retournable enk dite find chancery at a certain don; chauncellarie a certeine jour. (<) and if the per fins fpecifiidm Et fi les perfones en le dit brief the find writ be taken by tie fidd contenuz foient prifez par le jberiff, or yield tbemfehes in the dit vifcount ou tor reddent en fame chancery, that then fucb per* mefme la chaunceUarie qadon- fins be put in prifon or to main* qes foient tielx perfones mys prife, according to the difcretion en garde ou amaynprife folonc of the chancellor-, (6) and la aifcrctian du chsunceller 6c over it /ball be commanded to outre foit maunde denquerer quire of juch offences, and upon de tielx mesfaitz 6c fur ceo foit that /hew be done as the law re-bit come la ley demaunde. Et qidretb.(7) And ij the Jberiff fi le vifcounte retoume a jour return at the day of the Capias de Capias retournable qe les returnable, that the perfins in the perfones en icell comprifez par	fime	compri

afcun de les caufes fuildites ne caufis aforefaid, cannot be taken purront eftre par luy prifez ne by him, nor the fame perfins do giefmes les perfones ne foi ren- yield themfihesin the find chancery dent en k dite chancellarie qa- that then the faid tbancellor /ball dooqes face k dit chaunceller caufe to be made a writ of fiure brjefe de proclamation di- maation,directed to the jberiff, pedt a dit vifcounte retournable retscmable in the King's bench at m bank le Roi a ccrtein jour a certain day, that he make qil face proclamation en mux clamation in two ceunties that eountecs qe les perfones en, le the perfins named in the faid writ dit brief nomez veignent a dit come at the find day into the afire-fins en le fuifdit bank pur y faid bench, refpoundre a la matier compriz matter emprifid in the faid bill, demz la dite bille fur peyne upon pain to be comrift of the mat-deftre convidtez de la matier ter comprifed within the find bill 1 oompric detnz la dite bille et (8) and in every fucb writ of proem chefcun tiel brief de prock- clamation /ball be contained the nation foit contenuz la fob- Jttbftanceif the matter comprifed ftaunce de k matier compriz in the find (9) and if they deifis 1» dite bille 6c fils ne come not at the day of fucb procla-veigpent K 4	ttmtit

Digitized by

Google

Anno o&ayo Henrici VI.	[1429*

nation returned, then they /ball be holden and adjudged for convift, and attainted as afore is faid\

(10) and if they come at the proclamation it /hall be inquired of them, and done in the manner as afore is /aid. (11) Provided, That the fuggeftions of fuch riots be Jig-tnfied to the chancellor of England by letters fealed under the /cals of twojuflices of thepeace at the leajt, and the Jber iff of the county where fuch riots /ball be, before that fuch writ of Capias be granted;

(12)	in which writ of Capias the matter which is comprijed within the fame bill Jhall be as well exprejfed, as in the writ of proclamation thereof to be made.

(13)	And if fuch a cafe happen in the county palatine of Lancafteiy or elfewhere in franchifes where there is a chancellor and a feal, that then the faid chancellor of England caufe to be written or fent by the King's writ to the chancellor of fuph county or fran-chife, all thefuggeflim in the faid bill tomprifea, commanding him to make fuch execution as in thefaid article is comprifed 5 (14 )Jo always that the Kings writ out of the chancery of England Jhall not run in fuch county or franchife otherwife than hath been ufed in time pajfed, and that the faid ordinance Jhall fond in his for% till the end of the next parliament.

(15)	Our lord the King confider-ing that divers other murders, manjlaughters, robberies, batteries, ajfembhes of people in great number in manner of infurrec-tions, and divers other rebellions end riots, have been made in divers counties of the realm fince the making of the faid Jlatute, not pu-nifhed, becaufe that the faidjla-tute held no force but until the end of the parliament then next f ollowing $ hath ordained and fta-

blifhed

veignent a jour de tiel proclamation retoume foient adonqes tenuz & adjuggez pur convic-tez & atteintez come defuis eft dit. Et fils veignent a la proclamation foit de eux enqjuis & fait en la maner come defuis eft dit. Purveu qe les fuggeftions de tielx riotes foient tef-moignez a le chaunceller dEn-gleterre par lettres dnfealez de-foubz les fealx de deux juftices de pees au meins & le vifcounte del countee ou tielx riotes fer-rount devaunt ceo qe tiel brief de Capias foit graunte en quell brief de Capias foit fibien la matier exprefle quele eft com-pris deins mefme la bille come en le brief de proclamation ent affaire. Et fi tiel cas aveigne en le counte palatyn de Lan-caftr’ ou aillours en fraunchife' la ou il y ad chaunceller & feal qadonqes le dit chaunceller dEngletenre face efcriver ou en-voier par brief du Roi a le chaunceller de tiel countee ou fraunchife tout la fuggeftion en la dite bille compriz com-maundant a luy de faire tiel execution come en le dit article eft compriz iflint tout foitz qe brief du Roi hors de la-chauncellar’ dEngleterre ne courgc en tiel countee ou fraunchife autrement qe nad eftee ufee en temps pafte. Et qe la dite ordinaunce eftoiferoit en fi force tanqe al fin del profehein parlement. Noftre feignur le Koi confiderant qe diverfes murdres homicides robories bateries aflemblees de* gentz en graunde noumbre par maner de infurre&ions & diverfes autres rebellions & riotes ount eftee faitz en diverfes parties du roialme puis la faifaunce de dit eftatuit nient punifez a caufe qe le dit eftatuit ne tenoit force forfqe

Digitized by Google

*37

fbrfqe a la fin del parlemcnt a-donqes profchen enfuant ad or-dine & eftablie par auftorite de ceft prefent pariement qe la dit jadis eftatuit ore foit tenuz & fermement gardez pur eftatuit en tout temps avenir fibien de murdres homicides robories bateries aftemblees des gentz en graunde noumbre par maner de infurre&ions & de divers autres rebellions & riotes faitz & perpetrcz devaunt le commencement de ceft prefent pariement come en temps avenir.

Purveu toutz foitz qe tef-moigne foit par deux juftices de peas des countees ou tielx riotes ferront fuppofez qe commune fame & voice court en mefmes les countees de icelx riotes devaunt ceo qe le brief de Capias ferra agarde. Purveu auxi qe fi afcun tiel cafe aveig-ne en le dit countee palatyn de Lancaftre ou aillours en lieu enfraunchife la ou y ad chaun-celler & feal qe adonqes le dit chaunceller de tiel countee ou lieu enfraunchife pur le temps efteant apres compleint a luy duement fait & tefmoigne par juftice ou lieutenant dejuftice %Sc vifcount de tiel countee palatyn ou lieu enfraunchife pur le temps efteant en la forme ftiifdit eit femblable poair de agarder Capias & briefs de proclamation avauntditz come le dit chaunceller dEngleterre pur le temps efteant ad.

blifhed, by the authority of The ftatute of this prefent parliament. That * H* the laid ftatute (hall now 1^ that do corn-kept, and firmly holden for a mit murder, ftatute for ever, as well of mur- &c. and after ders, manftaughters, robberies, flce If110	.

batteries, affemblies of people	*

in great number in manner of F v infurreltions, and divers other rebellions and riots made and committed before the beginning ofthis prefent parliament, . as in time to come.

II. Provided always. That it be teftified by two juftices of the peace of the counties where fuch riots (hall be fuppofed, that the common fame and voice runneth in the fame counties of the fame riots, before that the writ of Capias (hall be awarded. (2) Provided alfo, Aprovifion That if any fuch cafe happen where any of in the faid county palatine Lancafter, or elfewhere m a mjtted in a place enfranchifed, where there plac- entrants a chancellor and a feal, that chifed. then the faid chancellor of fuch county or place enfranchifed, for the time being, after complaint to him duly made and teftified by a juftice, or the lieutenant of a juftice, and (heriff of fuch county palatine or place enfranchifed for the time being, in the form aforefaid,

(hall have like power to award a Capias and a writ of proclamation aforefaid, as the faid chancellor of England hath.

GAP. XV.

The juftices may in certain cafes amend defaults in records.

ITEM ordeigne eft & eftablie qe les juftices du Roy devaunt queux afeune mefprifion ou defaute foit ou ferra trove kit il e.i afcun recordes & precedes qore fount ou ferrount pendantz devaunt eux fibien

par

ITEM,itisordainedandefta- 8 Co. 16*.

blifhed, That the King’s The juftices juftices, before whom any mif- may »n certain prifion or default is or (hall be ^efauftTfn found, be it in anjr records and records and precedes which now be, or (hall precedes, be, depending before tt^em, as

well

Digitized by

Google

veil by way of error as other-wife, or in the returns of the fame, made or to be made by (heriffs, coroners, bailiffs of franchiies, or any other, by mifprifion of the clerks of any of the (aid courts of the King, or by mifprifion 6f the ffieriffs, under-fheriffs, coroners, their clerks, or other officers, clerks, or other minifters whatfoever, in writing one letter or one tollable too much or too little, (hall have power to amend fuch defaults and mifprifions according to their difcretion, and by examination thereof by the find jufticfcs to be taken wnere they 'proceSfa in (hall think needful. (2) Pro-Wales, and vided,That this ftatute do not outlawries. extend to records and procefies i+Ed.jibt. i* in the parts of Wales, (3) nor ^H. c	the procefies and records

4H. 6. c. 3.*	outlawries of felonies, and

i h! 6. c.is. treafons and the dependences *	thereof.

ptr voie derrour come autre-ment ou en kz retournez di-celles faitz ou affairez par vif-Countz coroners baillifs des fraunchifes ou autres qeconqes par mtfprifion des clerks da-fcuns des ditz courtz du Rot ou par mefprifion dez vifcountz foutzvifcountz coroners lour dercs ou autres officers clercs ou miniftres qeconqes en efcri-vant un lettre ou un filable trop ou trop poie aient poiar damender tielx defautes ic mef-prifions folonc lour difcretion & par examination ent par les ditz juftices aprendre ou lour femblera bofoignable. 1 Purveu qe celt eftatut ne fe extende as recordes & procefies es parties de Gales ne as recordes & procefies dutlagaries des felonies & trefons & les dependantz di-celles.

CAP. XVI.

By what perfons efcbeators Jhall find an office, and in what time he Jhall certify it. A patent made of lands feifed upon an inquefi.

An efcheator, or commif-fioncr, (hall take no in-qoelt, but by Inch perfons as be returned by the (heriff. Raft. pi. 315.

ITEM, to efchew the dolours, grievances, and dijherifons, which daily do happen to many of the King's liege people by the ej-cheatorSyfor that they takeinquejls, to inquire before them, as weU by virtue of the King's writs, as of their offices, favourably and not duly, by people not impanelled noY returned to them by the Jherijfs of the counties, and more often for their private gain, and for the dife herifon of the King's liege people, than for the profit of the fame our hrd the King., (2) ana alfo for that the lands and tenements of many of the Kings liege people be feifed into the King's hands upon Juch inquejls, or let to firm by the chancellor or treafurer, before fuch inquejls

ITEM pur efchuer lezdolours grevancez & difhere* tifons qi de jour en autre aveig-' nent as plufours lieges nofiro feignur ]e Roy par les efcho* tours de ceo qils pretgnent coquettes denquerrer devaunt eux fibien par vertue dps briefs noftre feignur le Roy oome do lour office favourablement U noun duement par gentz nient empanellez ne retournez a eux paries vifcountz descountes Sf

Sluiftoft pur lour propre gayne 1 pur difherettfon des li^pB noftre feignur le Roy qe pur profit meune noftre feignur lo Roy et auxi de ceo qe les terres & tenementz des plufouw lieges poftre feignur le Roy Cbuntfei-

Digitized by v^ooQle

139

fez es mains noftre feignur le Roy fur tielx enqueues & autrcs k ieflez par le chaunceller ou treforer a ferine devaunt ceo qe mcfmes les enqueftes Ibient re-touraez en la chauncellarie noftre feignur le Roy eft ordine par audiorite de cellnrefent par-lement qe nul efchetour ne commiflioner preigne afcune-ment afcun inqueft denquerrer finon des gentz retoumez k empanellez par le vifcount en le counte deins quell il eft efchetour ou commiflioner. Et fi afcun efchetour ou commif-fioner preigne enquefte des

Entz qi ne fount mye enpanel-& ne retoumez par le vifcount come defuis eft dit & ent par examination ou autrement al fuite dc partie qe pur luy mef-mes ou pur le Roy ou autre perfone qeconqe voille purfuer foit convidl duement pur chef-cun enqueft enfy priz qe en-courge la peine k forfaiture de xl. 1L a paiers ceftaflaver lun moitc au Roi & lautre moite au

fartie a qi fuyte il ferra convidl.

^t qe nulles terres ne tene-mentz feifez es mayns noftre feignur le Roy fur enqueftez prifcz devaunt les efchetours ou commiflioners ne Ibient afcune-ment Ieflez ne grauntez a ferine par le chaunceller ou treforer dEngleterre ou autre officer noftre feignur le Roi qi-conqetanqe qe mefmes les enqueftes k verditz foientretour-nez pleincment en la chaun-cellane ou en lefchequer met 4emoergent touts tielx terres It tenements entierment k Continualment es mains noftre feignur le Roy tsnqe les ditz enqueftes k verditz Ibient retoumez k parun moisapres mefme le retoume (i i flint ne foit qe celuy ou ceux qi fente

ou

inquejls be returned in the (haft* eery; (3) our lord the King hath ordained, by the authority of this prefent parliament, that no efeheator or commif-fioner take in any wife any inqueft to inquire, but of people returned and impanelled by the fheriffs in the county within which he is efeheator or com-miflioner. (4) And if any ef- When lands cheator or commiflioner take fakd into the inqueft of people which be not to"*'* impanelled nor returned by “{jeft the (heriff, as is afore faid, and fice, (hall be thereof by examination, or 1st to term, otherwife, at the fuit of the »*H.6.c^ party, which for himfelf or for the King, or any other perfon that will fue, be duly convidl, for every inqueft fo taken that he incur the pain and forfeiture of xl. li. to be paid, that is to fay, the one half to the King, and the other half to the party grieved, at whole fuit he (hall be convidl. (5) And that no lands nor tenements feifed into the hand of our lord the King, upon fuch inquefts taken before the efeheators or commiflion* ers, be not in any wife let nor granted to ferm by the chancellor or treasurer of England, or any other the King’s officer, until the lame inquefts and verdidls be folly returned in the chancery, or in the exchequer,

(6) but all fuch lands and te- ThJ? * nements (hall intirely and con- fcJm to him tinually remain in the hands of that tendereth our lord the King, until the a traverfe to (aid inquefts and verdidls be re-turned, and by a month after *H f# £,*** the fame return, if it be not fo h. s. c.17. that he or they which feel them grieved by the feme inquefts, or putting out of their lands and tenements, come into the J chancery, and profer themfelves to traverfe the faid inquefts,

and

Digitized by

Google

1

14#	Anno	o&avo	Henrici VI. [1429.

and then offer to take the fame ou fentent eux grevez par mef-lands or tenements to ferm; mes les enqueftes ou ouftez de (7) and if they fo do, that then lours terres ou tenementz veig-the fame lands or tenements nent en la chauncellarie & foy be committed to them, if they proferont de traverfer lez ditz (hew good evidence, proving enqueftes & foy offeront de their traverfe to be true, after prendre mefmes les terres & the form of the ftatute made tenementz a ferme. Et qe fi the thirty fixth year of King Ed- iflint fount qeadonqes mefmes 36 Ed. 3.0.13. war^ Third a^ter con" Ito terres & tenementz foient;

queft, to hold until the iflue commiz a eux fils monftrent taken upon the fame traverfe bones evidencez provantz lour be found and difeuffed for the travers eftre verrois folonc la King, or for the party, finding founne de leftatut fait lan xxxje fufficient furety to purfue the le Roy E. tiers puis le conqueft (aid traverfe with effect, and to a tenir tanqe liflue fur mefme render and pay to our lord the le travers pris foit & difeuflu King the yearly value of the pur le Roy ou pur le partie tro-lands whereof the traverfe (hall vant fufficiant fuerte de fuir le be fo taken, if it be difeufled dit travers ove effeft & de ren-for the King. (8) And if any	dre & paier a noftre feignur le

letters patents of any of the	Roy le annuel value des tene-

lands or tenements be made to	mentz dont le travers enfi ferra

the contrary to any other per - priz fil foit difeufle pur le Roy. fon, or let to ferm within the ^ Et fi afeuns lettres patentz des faid month, after the faid month afeuns terres ou tenementz foi-of return, they (hall be holden	ent faitz au contrarie a afeun

Efcheators	for none, (g) And that the	autre perfone ou lefiez a ferme

and commif-	efcheators or commiflioners,	deins le dit moys apres le dit

fioners (hall	upon pain of the forfeiture of	mois du retoume foient voidez

^Ufaund^- xx- to	*hat *s t0	^ tenuz pur null. Et qe les

fore them.	fay, the one half to the King,	efehetours & commiflioners fur

i*H. 6. c.7.	and the other half to the party	peine de forfaiture de xx. li. a

at whofe fuit he (hall be con-	paiers ceftaflavoir lun moite al

vi<ft, return the inqueft before	Roi & lautre moite al partie

them taken into the chancery	a qi fuyt il ferra convi<ft retour-

of our lord the King, or into	nent en la chauncellarie noftre

the exchequer, within a month	feignur le Roy ou en lefehequer

next after the taking of the	lez enqueftes devaunt eux pri-

fame. And every man which	fez deins un moys profeheyn

will fue for the King fhajl have	apres la prife dicelles. Et eyt

the fuit in this behalf. (10)	chefcun qi voet fuyr pur le Roy

Provided always, That this	la fuyte en cell partie. Purveu

ftatute begin and take effbft	toutz foitz qe ceft eftatut com-

and force in the feaft of Eafter	mence & preigne effedt & force

next coming, and not before^	en la feft de Pafqe profehein

1 H. s. c.8. to endure for ever.	avenir a durer perpetuelment &

nemye devauntf

CAP,

Digitized by

14*9-]

> Anno o6lavo Henrici VI.

H*

CAP. XVII,

Wools, fells ^ Sfic.Jhippedout of England, Wales, or Ireland, for any place but Calais^Jhall be forfeited by the double, except by merchants of Genoa, Venice, &c.

ITEM, whereas in the time of the King’s noble progenitors. Ex edit Raft.

for the profperity, profit, and wealth of the realm of England, Staple of Ca-and for the fuftentation of the town of Calais, it hath been or- lais* dained by divers ftatutes and ordinances. That the ftaple fhould be wholly at the faid town of Calais, and in none other place be-

?rond the fea, that is to fay. That all the wools, woolfels, leather, ead, and tin, and all other merchandifes pafling out of the faid realm, and out of the lands of Wales and Ireland, ought wholly to pafs and repair to the faid ftaple, and to none other place, upon pain of the forfeiture of the fame, except fuchmerchandifes, which in the faid ftatutes and ordinances, be ex-prefled and exceped, as in the fame is more fully contained, the which ftatutes and ordinances, the ij. year of our fovereign lord *H.6. c.4* the King, that now is, were approved, affirmed, and ordained -duly to be executed. Neverthelefs as well under colour of exceptions in the faid ftatutes, and ordinances contained, as by colour of licences granted by our fovereign lord the King to divers perfons, a great quantity of wools, woolfels, leather, lead and tin, and many other merchandifes have been continually from time to time, and yet be carried and and conveyed out of the realm, and of the faid lands of Wales and Ireland, into Flandersj Holland,, Zealand, Brabant, and other parts, nqt reforting to the faid ftaple, as they ought to do, wherefore our fovereign lord the King is defrauded of the cuftoms and fubfidies, which ought to amount to notable fums to his increafe, if he thereof were duly anfwered and content: And moreover the King’s mint at Calais is like to be void, defolate, and deftroyed, and the commodities alfo of the merchandifes of the faid realm, for the faid caufes, within (hort time to be greatly hindered, if remedy be not provided in this behalf: our fovereign lord the King confidering the premifles, and willing in this cafe to provide a a remedy, of the advice and aflent aforefaid, by the authority of the faid parliament, hath ordained. That no perfon (hip nordo to be (biped from henceforth no manner wools, woolfels, leather, lead, and tin, whole nor (hotten, nor the fame carry nor convey out of any parts of the; faid realm, nor out of the lands of Wales nor Ireland, to none other parts beyond the fea, but only to the faid ftaple of Calais, upon pain of forfeiture of the double value of the merchandife fo carried or conveyed to any other parts than to the faid ftaple of Calais, and alfo upon pain of imprisonment of his body for the fpace of two years, without bail or mainprife. And he which can fpy any perfon from henceforth, which offending or doing in any wife contrary to this ordinance, and the fame offence do prefent to the treafurer of England for the time being, and the trefpaflbr thereof duly

convift,

Digitized by

t4i	Anno	oftavo	HlNKICi	VI.	[1429*

convi<ft, or if fuch trefpaflor confcfs before the treafurer and the baroos of the exchequer fuch trefpafles by him done, That then he {hall beconvid bv his own confeffion. And the prefenter {hall have for his labour the third part of the forfeiture of the merchan-difes carried or conveyed againft this ordinance. Saving always that the merchants of	Genoa,Venice> , Florence,

and	Catalonia, may (hip wools,	woolfels, leather, lead, and tin

in their {hips, gallics, carraks, and other veflels, and to bring the fame into tneir country towards the fVefl, in manner ac-cuftotned before this time. Saving alio to the burgefles of the Berwick. town of Berwick upon Tweed, the privileges and benefits to them before this time granted, as in divers natutes thereof made is folly contained, notwithftanding this ordinance.

CAP. XVIII.

Certain ordinances made for the prices of	and

maintenance of lie town and mint at Calais.

ITEM, our fovereign lord the King, confidering certain articles enfuing, to be conceived ana defired, as well for the profit and wealth of him and his realm univerfel, as for thegood Staple of Ca- politick governance and fupportation of the ftaple of Calais y by lai*.	advice	and a {Tent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and alfo

of the commons bong in thisprefent parliament, by authority of the fame, hath granted the fame articles to be kept and observed, to begin at the feaft of the Purification of our Lady, next after the beginning of the faid parliament, until the feaft of the Annunciation of ourLady then next following,and from the fame feaft of the Annunciation toenduretill the endof three years then next following after the form following, that is to fay:

Firft, That the ordinance and appointment of late made to the laid ftaple of Calais, upon wools, woolfels, and tin, be fiirely kept and observed in all thefe five points following, that is to fay. That the price of the faid wools, woolfels, and tin, be not abated, but augmented and put to greater increafe and advantage.

Item, That the whole payment be made in hand for the faid wools, woolfels, arid tin, in gold and filver without fubtilty or collufton.

Ttollko. Item, That the bullion be brought to the mint to Calais* that is to fay, for every farpler of wools, whereof the weight of the fack is fold for xij. marks, fix pounds, x. marks, v.li, viij. marks, iv.li. And the woolfels after the sate, to be forged in the King’s coin.

Item, That every man that (hall fell or do to be fold, any wools or woolfels at the ftaple of Calais, (hall make a lawful and equal partition of the money of the feme, with them a	which



14*9*3	Anno o&avo Henrici VI.

which have the wools pr woolfels of the lame country from whence the wools or woolfels be* and with whom he is joined and affociateto make partition, without fraud or mal~ engine.

And alfo that at all times the merchants fellers, (hall make acquittances to the merchants buyers, to be fealed under the teal to that ordained within the laid ftaple, to the intent that no merchant feller (hall from henceforth lend any manner u H.6. c.ij, of money to any merchant by him received of the wools or fells, but that the fame money may be brought within the realm without fubtilty or fraud.

CAP. XIX.

If a mariner Jhall receive into bis Jbip any merchandifes, or carry them to any other place than to the ftaple at Calais, the goods and Jbip Jhall be forfeited.

ITEM, for as much as oftentimes divers mariners ftrangers of divers parts of Flanders, Holland, Zealand, and Brabant, in divers ports and creeks of the realm, take their (hips and veflels, wools, woolfels, and other merchandifes of the ftaple, which be staple of Ch-trufled in tuns, pipes, barrels, facks, fardels and otherwife, and laia; and the fame privily do put and conceal in their veflels underneath wood, wheat, oats, rye, and in other manner, and fo carry them into divers parts beyond the fea, to the King’s great prejudice in diminilhing of his cuftoms and fubfidies, and to the da* mage of all the liege people of his realm: our fovereign lord the King willing to efchewthe faid prejudices, and againft fuch fub-tilties to provide remedy, hath ordained by the authority afore-faid. That no mariner ftranger nor other mariner, that is like-wife owner and matter of one (hip or veflel, (hall take nor receive within England^ fVales, nor Ireland, in his (hip or veflel any manner of wools, woolfels, nor other merchandifes of the ftaple, nor carry the fame out of the realm to any parts beyond the fea, but only to the ftaple of Calais^ except fuch which by the ordinance made, (hall pafs over the (freights of Marroky and that upon pain of forfeiture to the King of fuch (hips and goods fo found defective, as of the goods of the faid mariners, being in the fame (hips or veflels. And that the mayor of the ftaple for the time being, (hall have power and authority to make due fcateh in this part. And the (hips goods, and mariners, if they be thereof found defective, for to be prefented, and deli-Tered to the King’s council in England, by juft relation thereof to be tnade by the faid mayor or his deputy, he having for his Mayor of the tewaW the third part of the forfeitures by him prefented and taken in the manner aforefaid.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Dwellers in Calais,

>

New-caftle.

Berwick.

Anno ottavo Henrici VI; [1429* CAP. XX.

No merchants of Calais Jhall buy beyond the fea arty merchandize of the ftaple,

ITEM, for as much as the King is informed. That certain perfons continually, inhabiting in the town of Calais, with merchants aliens of their affinity and confent, for their lingular lucre, do imagine by fubtil means to diminilh the price of the commodities of this realm, which heretofore have been and yet be greatly ufed, in fo much that when the merchants aliens ought to have repaired to the faid town to buy wools and woolfels, they have been returned and withdrawn by the faid inhabitants, fo that the poor men have been let to fell their goods, and for great mifehief they muft of neceffity fell their goods to the faid inhabitants of Calais, which will not buy the fame but greatly within their price, to the great hurt and hinder-ance of the fellers, and abatement of the price of the laid commodities : the fame our fovereign lord the King, willing thereupon to provide remedy, for his profit and the avail of his realm, hath ordained by the faid authority, That from henceforth no merchant continually inhabiting within the faid town of Calais, lhallbe fuffered to buy beyond the fea, any manner of wools, woolfels, leather, lead, nor tin, nor other merchandife pertaining to the ftaple, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame, as often as it may be proved.

CAP. XXI.

A repeal of all licences granted to 07^0/Newcaftle and Berwick, to carry merchandifes to other places than to Calais. "The penalty for carrying of merchandifes of the ftaple into Scotland.

ITEM, for as much as a great noife runneth among!! men of Newcaftle and Berwick, That if they Ihould bring their wools to the ftaple of Calais, they Ihould be undone and deftrov-ed, where the contrary is truth, and may be proved, as tne King is informed (for the mayor of the ftaple and his companions, will give to the faid men of Newcaftle and Berwick, for the quantity of their wools and woolfels, likewife as the King one year with another hath been anfwered with the cuftom and fub-lidy of the fame, and as much as they have been fold for . in Flanders, or in other places where they do repair, to be paid at reafonable terms in gold and filver to be brought into this realm, where not one penny cometh by them now:) the fame our fo-vercign lord the King, confidering that by the licences of the faid men of Newcaftle and Berwick, great hindrance cometh to him of his cuftoms and fubfidies, and abatement of the price of the commodity of the realm, hath ordained by the authority aforefaid, that their faid licences.Ihall be repealed. And if any of evil will fell or carry any wools or woolfels, leather, lead, or other merchandife of tne ftaple in defraud of the King, or hindrance

Digitized by

Google

14^.1 Afirio odtevd Henrici Vi.	145

drartce of the commodity of hisr realm, into Scotland that hi Scodsfcd. lhall forfeit the fame goods, with the double value* and his bo^ dy in prifon by the fpace of a year.

CAP. XXII.

What is requifiie to be done in winding and packing of wool.

None Jhall force, clack> or beard any, wool.

ITEM pur ceo qe graunt aferifement aveigne au Roy de fez cuftumes & fob-

fidies par ceux qi clakkent & forcent les bones lains du roialme pur eux Carter dehors dicell en eftrauftges paiis ordi-nez eft qe null eftraunger ne face forcer clakker ne harder null maner des leins pur carier hors du roialme fur peine de fovfaiture de mefmes lez lains ovefqe le double value dicell & demprifonement de fon corps. Et qe null pakkur dez lains ne face deins le djt roialme forfqe bone & due pakkure ne qe null face null inwynde deins la te-ione des lains a lenrollement de fes lains ne mette en icell lokkes pelwoll tarre peers fab-lon terre ne herbe ne null autre ordeur & qiqe le face eit la partie qe fe fente greve envers luy fa adtion a la commune ley de trefpas be deceit.

CAP.

ITEM* Forafmucb at great hindrance cometh to the King in his cujloifts and Jhbfidies by them that do clack and force the good Wools of the realm, to carry them out of the fame into ft range countries-y (2) it is ordained, what is re-That no ftranger (hall caufe to auifite to be be forced, clacked, nor beard- yone **} ed, iny manner of wools, to carry them out of the realm, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame wools, with the double value of the fame, and of im-prifonment of his body. (3)

And that no wool-packer (hall make within the realm, but good and due packing; (4) and that no man make any inwinding within the fleece of wools at the rolling up of his wools, nor put in the fame locks, pelt-wool, tar, ftones, fand, earth, grafs, nor any dirt; (5) and if any do, he that feeleth him grieved (hall have his adtion at the com-mon law of trefpafs and deceit. JhYc*!*’

XXIII.	*

No thrums of woolen yarn Jhall be carried out of the realm.

ITEM pur taunt qe les tex- TTEM, becaufe the tours deins le roialme fount JL

Sc devaunt ces heours ount eftez accuftumez quant ils ount overez un drap bien pres le fin de trencher a part a lour fingu-ler avantage les files qi demu-ront nient texez & les apellent thrommes a graunde deceit de ceux as queux les dit draps fount & mefmes les thrommes vendount a tielx perfones qe i-celies amefnent en Flaundres & autres eftraunges paiis come Vol. III.	bone

'e the weavers within this realm be and heretofore have been accuftomed, that when they wrought a cloth near the endy to cut away for their private profit the thread which is left unwoven, and call the fame thrums, and to the great deceit of the owners of the fame cloths, they fell the tame thrums to fuch per Jons which carry them into Flanders and other places, though the King have thereof no profit of cuftom nor Jubfidy: (2)

Digitiz G^Toglc

Neither thrums nor woolen yarn fhall be carried forth of the realm.

H. 6.0.3.

Anno oflavo Henrici VI.	[1429*

for under the colour of fuck thrums bone merchandife tut foit qe

divers perfons, as well Jlrangers as denizens, do ingrofs and gather in divers parts of the faid realm, great quantity of woolen thread, sailed woolen yarny and the fame do carry to the faid ft range parts, and thereof make good cloths \ (7) Jo that under this fubtil colour the King is yearly greatly defrauded of bis cuftoms and fubfidtes, which ought to rife to him, if they were fully wrought within the fetid realm, or elfe if they were not wrcugl/, hut in wools brought to theftaple of Calais: (4) wherefore it is ordained. That no man (hall carry or convey out of the faid realm, any manner of thrums, or woolen yarn under colour of thrums, upon pain to forfeit the double va-foe of the fame.

noftre feignur le Roy ent nad null profit de cuftume ne fub-fidee par defoubz le colour de tielx thrommes diverfes perfo-nes fibien eftraungiers come deinfzeins engrocent & coillent es diverfes parties du dit roi-alme .graunde quantite des files des fines lains appeUez wollenyarn & icelles amefnent esdites eftraunges parties & ent facent bones draps ency qe de-fpubz cell fubtile colour noftre feignur le Roy eft chefcun an graundement defraudez de fez cuftumes & fubfidees qe a luy devoient fourder fils feuflent pleinement oeverez deinz le dit roialme ou autrement fils ne feurunt oeverez mes en lains amefnez a leftaple de Caleis. pur quay ordinez eft qe null homme ne carle ne amefhe

ne cane ne

hors du roiajmenull maner des throtnmes ne files des lains ap-pellez wollenyarn defoubz colour de thrommes for pain dc forfaiture de la double value dicell.

CAP. XXIV.

None fhall pay merchants aliens in gold, but in Jiher. Mcr~ chandije Jhall not be fotd to an alien but for prefent pay-went.

ITEM, For that merchants a-liens of late have taken in cuftorn, that when they fell any of their merehandijes to any per-fon within the realm, they will not demand nor receive for any payment for the fame any manner of fiver, as they were wont, but only gold nobles, half nobles, and farthings, which from, time to time they do cany cut of the realm into other ftrange countries, where they be changed to their increafey and forged into other coinsy fo that they gain in the allay of every noble twentypence, a gain ft the tenour of the ftatutes thereof' madey and to the great prejudice of this 'whole realm.

II. Our

ITEM pur ceo qe les men-

chantz aliens jatarde ount prife en cuftume qe quant ils vendont afeuns de lour mer-chandiles a afeun perfone deins le roialme ils ne voillent de_-maunder ne receiver pur afeun paiement pur icell null maner dargent ficome ils foloientfaire mes foulment or nobles dims nobles & ferlyngs les queux de temps en temps ils amefnent hors du roialme en autres e-ftraunges paiis lou ils fount chaungiez a lour encrece & forgez en autres coignes-enfy qils gaignent en lallaie dc chefcun noble xx d, encontre le tenure des eftatutz ent feitz a graunde 2	pro-

Digitized by Goo< e

1429-} prejudice du Roi & de fon roi-aime univerfell.

Noftre dit feignur Ie Roi en ceo cas voillant purvoier de re-medie ad ordeine qe null mar-chant alien ne ferra arter ne lier afcun des lieges du Roi

J>ar padt covenant ne liege de uy faire paiement en or pur nulle manere de dette qi a luy poet eftre due ne refiife de receiver paiment en argent pur afcun maner du tiel auete ou dette fur peyn de double value dicell. Et auxi pur efchuer le graunde perde qe divers perfb-nes de ceft roialme ount euz & font femblablez davoir par lour appreftz faitz de lour mer-cliandifes as merchantz aliens queunt enfuez ovec icelles & de jour en autre priegnent fan&uaries ordinez eft qe null Englois ne vende deinz ceft roialme ne face vendre de ceft jour en avaunt a null marchant alien null maner demarchandif-es mesfoulementpurpreft paiement en monoye ou autrement en merchandifes pur merchan-difes pur eftre paiez & content en main fur peyn de forfeiture dicell.

Ahn6 o&aVo HfcNRici Vt.	>47

II. Our lord the King wil- No man fhall ling in this cafe to provide re- to M^gold medy, hath ordained. That no to a merchant merchant alien (hall conftrain alien, nor bind any of the King’s 4 H.7.C.13. liege people by promife, covenant or bona, to make him payment in gold for any manner of debt which to him may be due, nor refufe to receive payment in filver for any manner of fuch duty or debt, upon the pain of the double value of the lame. (2) And alfo to ef-chew the great lofles which divers perfons of this realm of England have had, and alfo be likely to have, for their loans made of their merchandifes to merchants aliens, which have fled with the fame, and daily take sanctuaries, it is ordained, that no Englifkman (hall fell within this realm, or caufe to be fold hereafter, to any mer- No chant alien, any manner of man (hall fell merchandifes, but only for rea- Ids goods to a dy payment in hand, or elfe in merchandifesfor merchandifes, prejent pay-to be paid and contented in ment,orother hand, upon pain of forfeiture merchandife. of the feme.	$H. 6.c.». %

CAP. XXV.

The mayor of the ftaple of Calais fhall continue two years in

his office.

ITEM, for certain great and notable caufes concerning the Ex edit. Raft* honour of our fovereign lord the King, and the common weal of all his realm : it is ordained bv authority of this parliament. That the mayor of the ftaple of Calais, wnich now is,

(hall ftand in his office of mayor of the fame ftaple, till the feaft of our Lady next enfuing, and from the faid feaft till the end of two years then next following fully be fulfilled, notwith-ftanding any ftatute or ordinance made to the contrary.

CAP. XXVI.

The penalty if in any aftion the defendant make default to put the lords, mayors, £s?r. from their jurifdiftion.

ITEM ordinez eft par auc- TTEM, it is ordained by the The penalty torite defufdite qen toutz A authority aforefaid, That if in asfife oc briefs daflifes & dadtions per- in all writs of aflifes, and of P.erfo^'a.c* fonelx	L	2	Digitized	adtionstlon,tllc	**

148	Anno	o&avo	Henrici	VI.	[14&9.

fendant make a<ftion* perfonal, fued or to be fonelx fuez ou a fuers devaunt default to	fuecj before the	Kine in his	le Roi en fon bank juftices de

mayors, &c/*	bench, juftices	of	the com-	commune bank ou autres juf-

from their *	mon place, or	any	other the	tices le Roi qiconqe pur Je

jurifdi&ion.	King’s juftices	for	the time	temps efteantz dafcuns terres

being, of any lands or tene- tenementz ou autres chofes ments, or of any thing be- efteant ou furdaunt deinz af-ing and rifing within any cuns feignurie fraunchife ou feignory, franchife, or ancient auncien demefne dount la co-demefiie, whereof the cogni- nufance ou jurifdidtion doat fance or jurifdicftion ought to aperteigner as afcui\s feignurs pertain to any lords, mayors, mairs bailiffs citezeins burgeys bailiffs, citizens, burgefles, or ou communalte de tiebc feig-commonalty of fuch feignories, nurs franchife ou auncien de-franchifes, or ancient demefne, mefne qe adonqes fi afcun de-that then if any defendant in fendant en afcun tiel aflife ou any fuch aflife, or other actions autres actions perfonelx face perfonal, make any default, to definite pur ouftier & excluder put out, exclude, and expel les ditz feignurs mairs baillifs the aforefaid lords, mayors, citezeins burgeys ou commu-bafiliffs, citizens, burgefles, or	nalte de lour fraunchife ou cocommonalty of their cognifance	nufancc qe les juftices al re-

or franchife, that the juftices,	queft dez ditz feignurs mairs

at the requeft of the faid lords,	bailifs citezeins burgeys ou

mayors, bailiffs, citizens, bur-	communalte facent enquerer

geffes, or commonalty, (hall	par laflife ou tiel exception eft

make enquiry by the aflife	alegge en aflife & en actions

where fuch exception is alledg-	perfonelx par enqueftz apprerv-

ed in affifes, and in a&ions	dre devaunt les juftices fi tielx

perfonals by inquefts to be ta-	defautes foient faitz come de-

ken before the juftices, if fuch	fuis eft dit ou nemye^ en queulx

defaults (hall be made as afore	aflife & enqueft iflmt appren-

is faid, or not : (2) in which	dre fibien les pleintifs come les

aflife and inqueft fo to be ta-	feignurs mairs baillifs citezeins

ken, as well the plaintiffs as	burgeys & communalte pur-

the lords, mayors, bailiffs, ci-	ront aver lour chalaunge. Et

tizens, burgefles, and com-	fi trove foit par tielx aflife ou

monalty may have their chal-	enqueftes iflint apprendres qe

0 H 4.C.5.	lenge. (3) And if it be found	tielx defautes foient faitz par

Mayors, bai-	by fuch aliiles or inquefts fo to	collufion pur ouftier & exclu-

ltffs. See.	be taken, that fuch defaults	der les ditz feigours mairs bail-;

cientdemefne,	*hah be mac^e by collufion, to	Iifs citezeins burgeys ou corn-

named dif- *	put out and exclude the faid	munalte de lour franchife li-

lciiors in afsife	lords, mayors, bailiffs, citi-	bertees conufiyices ou jurif-

by collufion,	zens, burgefles, or common-	di&ion qe en tielx cafes lez

ou?of their	a^y t^e*r franchifes* liber-	ditz briefs foient abatuz & lez

cognifance,	ties, cognizances, or jurifdic-	pleintifs foient en la mercy le-

tion, that in fuch cafes the faid	Roy par confideration qil eft

writs (hall be abated, and the	ordine par leftatuit fait lan du

plaintiffs (hall be in the King’s	regne le Roy Henry aiel noftre

mercy ; (4) by confideration	feignur le Roy ixw* qe fi afcun

tliat	mair

Digitized by

Anno oftavo Henrici VL

communalte ou that it i$ ordained by the ftatutt made the ninth year of the reign of King Henry, grandfather to our lord the King,That if any mayor, bailiff, commonalty, or lord of ancient de-mefne be named in writs of afltfes by collufion, to put them out of their cognizance or ju-rifdi&ion in this behalf, that the juftices first (hall enquire by the afllfe of the country, of fuch collufion, if the faid lords, mayors, bailiffs, or commonalty the fame require ; (5) and if it be found by fuch inquifition, that they be fo named by collufion, that then the writ (hall abate.

14293

mair baillif feignur dauncien demene foit nome en briefs daffife par collufion pur eux ouftier de lour conufance ou jurifdi&ion cn cell partie qe les juftices prr-tncs enquergent par laffife du pahs de tiel collufion ft les ditz feignurs mairs baillifs ou com-munalte le demandent. Et fi trove foit par tiel enquifition qils foient iflint nomez par collufion quadonqes le brief aba-tera.

CAR XXVII.

A remedy for the inhabitants Tewkfbury in the county of Gloucefter, againft the commonalty of the for eft of De?n, &c. to prevent future robberies and injuries in the navigation on the Severn.

*49

ITEM, forafmuch as the commons of the realm of England* E* e^it. Raft.

being in the fame parliament, at the inftance and efpecial requeft of the faithful liege people of our fovereign lord the King, the bailiffs, burgefles, and commonalty of the town of Tewksbury, within the county of Gloucefter, have made to our fovereign lord the King, a very grievous complaint in the fame parliament; That whereas the faid town of Tewkjbury is adjoining to the river of Severn, within the faid county of Gloucefter, which riyer is common to all the liege people of our fovereign lord the King, to carry and bring within the ftream of the faid river in boats, troughs, and otherwife, all manner of merchan-dife and other goods and chattels to Briftol, and to every part adjoining to the fame river, in which river divers perfon of the faid town of Tfwkftury often times and now of late have charged their proper veffels and troughs with wheat, rye, and other com and goods, to the value of five hundred pounds, and fo the fame veffels and troughs fo pharged, have conveyed in the fame river towards the faid town of Briftol by the coafts of the foreft of Dean, within the faid county of Gloucefter, joining to the laid river, there have commonly great multitude of people, and routs of the commons of the fame foreft, and of the hundreds of Blediftm and Wejbun, with great riot and force in manner of war, as enemies of a ftrange tend, and with force have fpoiled the fame perfons of the laid velfcls, and taken of them all their com and goods within the fame veflels, and the fajme perfons have menaced and threatened to put to death, if they made any refiftance, or any fuit, quarrel, or complaint for the fame, to the great hindrance, lots, and impoyeriflmvcnt of the faid per-

^ 3	.	'	***	.

Digitized by VjOOQlC

Anno oftavo H^rici VI.

Tons, and oppreflion of all the country there adjoining. And afterward the lame our fovereign lord the King, bv the advice and aflfent of his council, fent his letters of privy leal, directed to divers perfons of the laid foreft, to make open proclamation that no man of the faid foreft Ihould be fo hardy to inquiet or difturb his people to pafs by the river with all manner of corn, goods and chattels, or any other merchandife, upon the pa-n of treafon, after which proclamation fo made, the faid trefpaf-fers came to the faid river with more greater routs and riots than ever they did before, not efteeming nor regarding the faid letters of privy feal, and there fpoiled at divers times eighth troughs of wheat, rye-flour, and divers other goods and chattels, and the people of the fame troughs did throw over the board and divers of them drowned, and the Herns of the faid troughs did cut away, and did threaten the owners of the faid goods and chattels, and alfo the people of the faid troughs, that they Ihould not be fo hardy to carry no manner of victual by the faid ftream much nor little, for lord nor for lady : and that they would hew all to pieces the faid boat?, if. they came another time by the coafts of the faid foreft of Dearie for the which riot and rebellion, no perfon of the faid town of Tewkf-bury, nor of the CQuntry adjoining, dare not carry any corn nor other goods nor chattels in the faid river, nor purfue to have remedy for fuch oppreffions and griefs to them done, forafmuch-as the faid foreft of Dean and hundreds be very large, and the people inhabiting and refident m the fame very wild, and nigh adjoining to the country of IVales. And all the commons of the fame foreft and hundreds of one affinity and confederacy in malice and riot, not pondering nor regarding the law, nor the officers and minifters of the fame, nor caring for the procefs nor the punifhmerit of the law of the land, infomuch that they will not obey, but at their own will, any minifter of the King’s laws, nor execution of the fame, nor the officers nor minifters of the law of the faid county, dare not in any wife come into the faid foreft, to execute any matter or procefs of the law a-gainft the will and intent of the commons of the foreft and hundred aforefaid. Our fovereign lord the King, having tender fe-fpe& and confideration of the faid mifehiefs, and alfo confider-. ing the inconveniencies, which be like to enfue and follow upon the fame, and upon that willing to refill the malice of fuch tranfgreffors and offenders, and to provide hafty and covenable remedy for his faid faithful liege people fo grieved in this behalf, by the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, being in this prefent parliament, and at the fpecial requeft of the faid commons there affembled, hath ordained by authority of the fame parliament, that in every fuch cafe hereafter to come, or elfe had or chanced this laft year paft, the (heriff of the faid county, or the bailiffs of the town of Gloiuefler for the time being, or one of them, upon pain of forfeiture of twenty pounds to be levied of their lands, goods, and chattels, to the ufe of our foverpign lord the King, make proclamation at the faid

town

Digitized by Google

1429*] Anno odtavo Henrici VI.

*5r

town of GlouteJlerj within four days next after notification made to them, or to any of them by the perfons fo endamaged, or by any other in their names, of fuch injuries and tre(j>a3es done, and that the faid trefpaflers and offenders ihall reftore in the fame town of Gloucefter within fifteen days after the faid proclamation to the laid perfons fo endamaged, their faid corn and merchandifes, goods and chattels fo taken, or the very value of die fame, with reafonable amends for their damages of fuch taking. After which proclamation if the faid trefpaflers do not reftore the faid com and merchandifes, goods and chattels, or the value of the fame, to the parties fo grieved in the form a-forefaid, with reafonable amends for their damages, nor that the faid trefpaflers be not brought to the King’s prifon, to the caftle of Gloucefter for the faid trefpafles by the officers of the faid forefts and hundreds, or by the commonalties of the fame, to be demeaned in fuch cafe by the King and his council, that then by confideration of the ftatute of IVinchejler put for the robbery of any perfon, which giveth an addon for him which is robbed, againft the hundred withi n which the fame robbery is done, after the form of the fame ftatute, the faid commonalties.lhall be charged of the fame corn and merchandifes, goods and chattels fo taken, or of the very value of the fame, to the parties fo grieved, to fatisfy them of their damages for the fame taking.

And that ,the faia parties fo endamaged and grieved, may have their general addons of debt againft the faia commonalties of the faid foreft and hundred, of the fum of money, to which the value of the corn, merchandifes, goods and chattels fo taken do extend.

And although the laid commonalties be no commonalties cor- Commonalty porate, yet they Ihall have procefs in fuch addons of debt, by incorporate, fummons, attachments, and diftrefs, as if he were to have an addon of debt at the common law, fo that if the faid common^ aides make default at the fecond diftrefs in fuch addons, that then the party which (hall fue, Ihall have judgment to recover bis debt againft the faid commonalties, after the fuppofal of their goods, in the form aforefaid, with his reafonable damages and expences. And whatfoever iflue triable by inqueft in the faid foreft and hundreds Ihall happen to be taxen in fuch addons, it Ihall be tried by inqueft of the body of the faid county, out of the lame foreft and hundreds. And that the goods and chattels of every Angular perfon of the faid commonalties, for the time being, (hall be had, taken, and holden in bw convidt, as the common goods and chattels of the fame commonalties, touching the return, ferving, and all executions of writs, procefles and judgments in and of the faid addons.

And that every Angular perfon of the faid foreft and commonalties, have power by authority of the faid parliament, to attach and arreft the faid trefpaflers by their bodies, as well within the faid foreft as without, and them fo arrefted to commit to the faid prifon. And that the keeper of the fame prifon upon pgia 6f forty pounds, to be levied of his goods and chattels.

jl4

Digitized by

lands and tenements, to the ufe of our fovereign lord the King, (hall fafely keep every perfon fo committed to his cuftody, till the time that the King or his council hath ordained and provided their deliverance of record. And if the goods or chattels of any Angular perfon or perfons of the faid foreft and hundreds, being not guilty of the faid robberies, happen to be put in execution becaufe of any fuch actions and judgments, that then the laid perfon or perfons fo being not guilty, may have their fpecial a&ion of debt or trefpafc upon their cafe of the goods and chattels fo put in execution, againft the faid trefpaflers, to recover .their damages, as well for the value of the goods or chattels fo put in execution, as for their damages and cods which happened to be had becaufe of fuch actions of debt; and fhey (hall have fuch precedes in the faid a&ions of debt or |reipafc, as is to be had in the faid addons of debt for the faid penons fo endamaged and {polled.

CAP. XXVIII.

5*bert/hall be a bridge made over the water of Burford, and another over the water of Culhamford, in the county of Oxford.

jExedit.Raft. TTEM, the King confidcring the great eafe and profit, which This chapter JL (hould come to his people by the making of two bridges, is not on the that is to fay, one over the water of Burford, and another over Sridm	Vater	Culhamford,	in the highway extending from the

Wsters of town of Abingdon to Dorchejler, in the county of Oxford, and by Burford. the enlarging, inhancing, and repairing of the way betwixt the faid waters and bridges of the breadth of iiii perches and viil indies, between the ditches of the fame way, and alfo by the planting and fetting of certain trees called Poplars and Willows upon the banks of the faid ditches, for the reparation of the fame ways when (hall be needful: it is ordained by the aflent aforefaid. That the faid bridges and paflages over the fame, and alfo the faid way between the faid bridges, of the breadth aforefaid (hall be ana remain forever as bridges,-paflages, and a way to all that (hall pafs there, as well on horfeback, as on foot and otherwife, and with all manner of carriages. And that it be lawful to all the King's liege people to repair, inhance, and newly to edify and fcour the laid bridges, way paflages and ditches in the breadth aforefaid, and new trees there to plant, and to caft in the faid ditches, clay, marl, gravel, to dig earth, and to take the fame, and to cut the branches and buds of the fame trees in times convenient, to repair the fame, as often as (hall pleafe them without impeachment of any. Saving always the King's right. And laving the abbot of Abingdon and his convent, and their fucceflors, their liberties within the (aid bridges, paflages, waters, and ditches, as they were wont, and all their filhing in the faid water above the faid bridges, and in the ditches.

CABf

i

Digitized by {^.ooQle

Anno oftavo Henrici VI.

*53

CAP. XXIX.

An inqueft Jball be De medietate linguae, where an alien is

party.

ITEM come en !e parle- TTEM, whereas in the parlia- ^gEd.j.c.i*. ment tenuz a Weftm’ lan JL ment holden at Weftminfter

xxvijrae du Roi E. tierce entre autres chofes en favour & li-bertee dcs merchauntz eftraun-giers repairantz en 1 cr roialme dEngleterre ordine foit qe fi pice ou debate foit moeve devaunt le mair de Ieftaple entre les marchantz ou miniftres di-cell & fur ceo pur trier la ve-rite enquefte ou proeve foit apprendre fi lun partie & lau-4tre foit eftraunge foit trie par /eftraunges & fi lun partie & lautre foit deinfzein foit trie par deinfzeins & fi lun partie foit deinfzein & lautre alien foit lun moite deinfzeins ic lautre moite d,es aliens & enoutre qen toutz maners des enqueftes Sc proeves qi ferroient apprendres ou affairs entre a-Jlens Sc deinfzeins foient ils merchantz ou autres fibien devaunt le mair de Ieftaple come devaunt qeconqes autres judges jou miniftres tout foit le Roi partie foit lun moitee del eii-queft ou proeve dez deinfzeins Sc lautre moitee des aliens fi tantz des aliens foient en la ville ou lieu ou tiel enqueft ou proeve foit apprendre qe ne foient my parties ne ove les parties en contradtz plees ou autres querelles dount tielx enqueftes ou proeves deyvent jeftre prifez & fi tant dez aliens nc foient point adonqes foient myz en tielx enqueftes ou proeves tantz des aliens come ferront trovez en mefmes les lieux ou villes qi a ceo ne foient my parties ne ove les parties /tome devaunt eft dit & le re-menXunt des deinfzeins qi foient

the twenty eighth year of King Edward the Thirds amongfl o~ ther things in favour and liberty of the merchants Jirangers repairing into the realm of England, it was ordained\ That if a plea or debate be moved before the mayor of the Jlaple amongjl the merchants or minijlers of the fame, and for to try the truth thereof an tnquejl of proof is to be taken, if the one party and the other be ftrange^ it should be tried by Jirangers ; (2) and if the one party and the other be denizens, it should be ’ tried by denizens;

(3)	and if the one party be denizen.t ana the other an alien, the one halfJhould be of denizens, and the other half aliens \ (4) and moreover, that in all inquejls and proofs which Jball be taken and made betwixt aliens and denizens, be they merchants or other, as well before the mayor of the Jla-pie, as before any other judges or minijlers, although our lord the King be party, the one half of the inqueft or proof should be of denizens, and the other half of aliens, if there be fo many aliens in the town or place where fuch inqueft or proof is to be taken, that be not parties, nor with the parties in contrails, pleas, or 0-ther quarrels, whereof fuch inquejls or proofs ought to be taken; (5J and if there be not fo many aliens, then fo many aliens Jball be put in fuch inquejls or proof as Jball be found in the fame places or towns which be not parties thereunto, nor with the parties as before is faid, and the remnant of denizen which be good men, and

not

Digitized by

Google

*	not fufpefl of the one party nor of

the other.	(6) Sithence which

ordinance the faid merchants aliens have been always demeaned and ruled', as well in the faples, as in other of the Kings courts, after the form of the faid ordinance, until now of late they have been thereof refrained and impeached by colour of another fa-tute made in the parliament hoi-den at Weftminfter the fecond % H. 5. flat. 1. year of King Henry, father to our c*3*	lord the King that now is 5 (7)

by which fatute, for the great mifchiefs, damages, and dfberi-fons, which daily do happen through the realm, as well in cafe cf the death of a man, as in cafe of freehold and other cafes, by them that pafs in inquefls in the faid qfe, which were common jurors, and other which had but Rttle or nothing to live upon but by fuch inquef, and which had nothing to lofe becaufe of their falfe oaths, whereby they do the more lightly offend their con-fciences'y (8) and for amendment and correction thereof to be had, it was ordained and fablijhed. That no perfon be admitted to pafs in any inquef upon trial of the death of a man, nor in any inquef be-' tween party and party in plea real or perfonal, whereof the debt and the damages declared do a-mount to forty marks, except the fame perfon have lands or tenements to the yearly value of forty fullings above all charges; (9)

‘ becaufe f which refiraint and impeachment fb made to divers merchants aliens, many of the fame merchants aliens have ivitbdrawn, and daily do withdraw them, and efehew to come and be converfant on this fide the fea, and likely it is, that au the fame merchants aliens will depart out of the fame realm of England, if the faid laft fia-

tUtf

foient prodes hommes & nient fufpicioufes a lun partie ne a. lautre. Depuis quell ordinance les ditz marchantz aliens ount efte tout temps de-mefnez & reulez fibien en les ditz eftaples come en les autres courtes du Roy folonc la forme dicell ordinance tanqe jatarde qils ent ount efte reftreintz & empefehiez par colour dun autre eftatuit fait en le parle-ment tenuz a Weftm* lan du reigne le Roi H. pier noftre feignur le Roi qoreft feconde par quell leftatut pur les graun-des mefehiefs & dilherjtances qe de jour en autre aveignoi-ent parmy le roialme dEngle-terre fibien en cas de morte de home come en cas de franc tenement & en autres cafes par cieux qi paflerent es en-queftes en les dites cafes qi feu*-rent communes jurrours & autres qi navoient qe peie de vivre mes par tielx enqueftes & les queux navoient rien a perdre par caqfe de lour faux ferementz parount ils le puis legierment offenderent Jour confciences & pur correction & amendement ent avoir online fuift & eftablie qe null perfone foit admys de pafler en afeun enqueft triall de morte de hom-me ne en afeun enquefte pa-rentre partied partie en plee reall ou perfonell dount le det-te & lez damages declarez a-mountent a xl. marcs fi mefme la perfone nait terres ou tene-mentz del anucl value de xls. par an outre les reprifes diceN les A caufe de quell reftreint & empefehement enfy faitz as ditz merchantz aliens plufours de mefmes lez marchantz aliens leur ount retvaihez & fo retrahent de jour en autre & efehuent d$ venir & converter

par

Digitized by

Google

*55

par decea & verifemblable eft qe treftoutz mefmes les mar-chantz aliens lour voillent de-partier hors de mefme le roialme ft le d\t darrein eftatut ne foit pluis overtement decla-> rez & lez ditz merchantz aliens reulez governez Sc demef-nez en tielx enqueftes folpnc la fourme del primer ordi-naunce defuifdite a trefgraunde amenufement des fubfidees du Roi Sc grevoufe perde Sc damage a tout fon roialme a-vaunt dit. Noftre dit feignur le Roi confiderant les premifles Sc qil ne fvfift my lentention du dit nadgairs Roi ne de les fei-gnurs efpirituelx Sc temporelx de fon dit parlement de dero-gcr ou prejudieer a le dit primer ordinaunce par le dit dar-ren eftatut & qe mefme le darrein eftatut fuift fait a caufe des mefchiefs & difheritances qavenoient per lez faux fere-mentz des communes jurrours du roialme ficome il appiert par cxprefles paroles de mefme l^ftatut Sc coment les ditz mar-chantz aliens ne font mye communes jurrours ne enhe-ritables deinz le dit roialme ne purront purchacer nenjoier afcuns terrcs ou tencmentz en kell faunz efpeciall licence du Roi. Et voillant pur ceo mefme noftre feignur le Roi purveier pur le bien Sc profit de luy & de fon dit roialme & pur efcheuer les damages Sc inconveniences qi purront le-gierment avenir en cell partie Sc auxi pur doner as ditz merchantz aliens le greindre corage Sc talent de venir ove lour merces Sc merchandifes en cell roialme de ladvys & aflent des feignurs efpirituelx & tempo-xelx efteantz en ceft prefent parlejnent ad dcclaree le dit darrein

tuti be net mare plainly declaredy and the faid merchants aliens ruled and governed, and demeaned in fuch inquejls,, according to the firjl ordinance aforefaidto the great diminijbiug of the Kings fubjidies, and grievous lofs and damage of all his faid realm 0/England. (10) Our lord the King confidering the pre-miffesy and bow that it was not the meaning of the faid late King% nor of the lords fpiritual and temporal of the faid parliament, to hinder or prejudice the faid firjl ordinance by the faid la/i flatuigy (11) and that the faicl Uijl Jla-tute was made in refpett of the mifebiefs and dijherifms that 1 / happened by the falfe oaths of the common jurors of the realm of England, as it appearetb by express words of the fame Jlatute; and how that the faid. merchants aliens be not common jurors, nor inhabiting within the faid realm, nor may not purchafe nor enjoy any lands or tenements in the famey without the King's fpecial licence \ (12) and the feme our a confirma-lord the King willing therein tion of the to provide for the weal and ftatute of 18 profit of him and all his realm, ?' ? iff'1 and to efehew the damages ^ inquCft and inconveniencies which may (hall be De eafily happen in this behalf, medietate

and alfo to give to the faid J^ere^n ali-merchants aliens the greater j8 partyk courage and defire to come with their wares and merchandifes into this realm, by the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, being in this prefent parliament, hath declared the faid laft ftatute, made in the time of his father, to be in no wife prejudicial to the faid ordinance, nor to extend itfelf but only to the inquefts to be taken betwixt denizen and denizen



Digitized by Google

IS6

And the dilute of % H.5. ftat.ix.3. limited to inquefts taken between denizen and denizen*

Ex edit. Raft.

Anno nono Henrici VI. [1430.

nizen, and not to other inquefts and proofs aforefaid; (13) and the faid first ordinance to be effectual and ftand in force, and to be put in due execution according to the form of the fame, notwithftanding the faid laft ftatute, or that that the aliens have not lands or tenements to the value of forty (hillings by the year, according to the purport of the fame laft ftatute and ordinance.

value de xl s. par an folonc la eftatut nient contrifteant.

darrein eftatut fait en temps de fon dit pier noun eftre afeune-ment prejudicial au dite pri-mere ordinaunce ne fe exten-dre mes tantfoulement a les enqueftes apprendres pafentre deinfzein & deinfzein & nemy a les aiitres enqueftes & proe-ves defufdites & la dite pri-mere ordinance deftre effedhiell & eftoier en fa force & deftre myz en due execution folonc la forme dicell le dit darrein e-ftatut ou ceo qelez aliens nount my terres ou tenementz a le contenue de mefme le darrein

Statutes made at	Wejlminfter, 9 Hen. VI.

and Anno t)om. 1430.

AT the parliament holden at Weftminfter the Friday next before the feajl of St. Hillary, the ninth year of the reign of our lord the King that now is, divers Jlatutes and ordinances were made and ejlablijk-fd by the advice and affent of the lords Jpiritual and temporal, and at the fpecial requejl of the com-mom of the realm ajfembled in the faid parliament, in the form following.

AU parlement tenuz a Weftm* le Vendredy profehein devaunt le feft de feint Hillary lan du regue no-ftre feignur le Roi qoreft noe-fifme diverfez eftatutz & orde-> naunces feurent faitz & ordi-nez par advis & aflent des feignurs efpiritoelx & tempo-relx & a la efpeciall requeft des communes du roialme en le dit parlement aflemblez en la fourme qenfuit.

CAP. I. .

AU affxfts and Nifi prius /hall be adjourned during this parliament, until certain days.

FIRST, confidering how that in all the counties of Enf-land the days of the aflifes of Novell dijfeifin and of Nifi prius then were prefixed very likely to be holden during the high court of the faid parliament, in which court of parliament ma-py of the King’s liege people were bv his commandment, of which many were plaintiffs ^uid many defendants in the fame af-fifes and Nifi prius, and in the faid aflifes and Nifi prius, the fame plaintiffs and defendants were likely to be diunherited, if jremedy were not provided in this behalf: and for fo much by the advice and aflent of the faid lords, and at the fpecial requeft

' of

Digitized by

Google

*57

H$o.]	Aniio	norto	Hemrici	VI.

of the laid commons, it is ordained by authority of the faid ___#

parliament, to prorogue all manner of affifes and Nifi prius be- Ptwogatiotti fore prefixed, till certain days by the chancellor of England for the time being after the third day of March, the faid ix. year, to be limited. And the days fo by the faid chancellor to be limited, have relation in law to the days of affifes and Nifi'prius then fo prefixed, in fuch wife, that by this prorogation the fertfe affifes and Nifi priusy fhall not be holden nor reputed nonfued, nordifeontinued. And that in every of the faid counties proclamations be made by the (heriffs fifteen days before the faid days, fo by the chancellor to be limited, to the intent that the plaintiffs and defendants, and all other, which have to do in the faid affifes and Nifi priusy may keep their days to be limited in the fame proclamations fo to be made. Which proclamations (hall have the effedt and force of attachments, without that that it behoveth to make any new attachments for the fame.

CAP. II.

Englifh merchants may fell their merebandife to aliens, giving them only fix months credit, notwithfianding the fid-tute of 8 Hen. 6. c. 24.

ITEM, whereas in the parliament holden at JVefiminfier the eighth year of our fovereign lord the King, amongft other articles it is contained, to efehew the great lofs and damage, which divers perfons of this realm have had, and were likely to have for the loans made of their merchandife to merchants aliens, which have fled away with the fame, and daily take fendtuaries : it was ordained, that no Englijbman (hould fell nor caufe to be fold from henceforth to any merchant alien, any manner of merchandife but only for ready payment of money or otherwife in merchandife for merchanaife, to be paid and contented in hand, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame: be-caufe of which ordinance the Englijh merchants have not fold, nor cannot fell nor utter their cloths to merchants aliens, whereby the King hath loft his fubfidies and cuftoms, which he ought to have had, if the (aid cloths had been fold as they were and were wont heretofore: and Englijh merchants, cloth-workers, and other the King's liege people in divers parts of his realm annoyed and endamaged : whereupon at the fupplication of the faid commons, and by the advice and aflent aforefaid, it is ordained that the Englijh merchants may fell their cloths to Cloths fold for merchants aliens for ready payment in money or otherwife in daystoftran-merchandife for merchandife, to be paid and contented in hand, 8^* or upon loan of payment to be made in money or merchandife from (ix months to (ix months next enfuing after fuch buyings and bargains made without giving thereof further days of payment, upon pain of forfeiture of the.feme: notwithfianding the faid ordinance. And this ordinance (hall endure as* long as fhall pleafe the King. Provided always that all other articles contained in the faid ordinance, jnade in the faid eighth year, ihaU (land in their force,

GAP-

Digitized by

Anno nono HENfctCI Vt*





CAP. III.

The proceedings againji Owen Glendour, attainted of bigb treafon, JhaliJland good, notwitbfianding any error, mif* prijion, t£c. but Jhali not prejudice his heirs.

Owen Glen- TTEM, confidering the great infurreCtions, rebellions, and

dour.	JL	horrible treafons imagined and committed by Owen Glendour*

of Wales, againft the royal majefty of King Henry, grandfather of our fovereign lord the King that now is, whereof he was indicted (as it appearcth in an indictment made before Thomas late earl of Arundel, John Durley, and Thomas Lee, by the commit fion of the faid grandfather to inquire with other, of all manner of treafons, infurreCtions, ana enemies of1 the fame King the grandfather, as in the faid commiflion is more fully contained:) and thereupon the faid indictment erf" high and hei-tious treafons brought into the King’s bench at IVeflminfter, and procefs thereof made, till the fame Owen after proclamation made in five counties, was outlawed, and after in the full parliament holden at IVeJlminJler, the fourth year of the fame King the grandfather, was called and named of record traitor to the faidlCing the grandfather, as well by ftatute as by the letters patents of the faid King the grandfather: and for the har-ribility of his fo many treafons, it was ordained by ftatute in th* fame parliament that no Englijh man married to any Welch woman of the amity and aliance of the faid Owen, traitor to the King, fhould be put in office in Wales, nor in the marches : and alfo confidering how the faid Owen and his adherents were excepted in many general graces and pardons granted by the faid King the grandfather to his liege people at divers times, becaufc of the infurreCtions, rebellions, and horrible treafons aforefaid, for the weal of all the realm, and for the repreffion of all fuch horrible treafons from henceforth to be compafied, of the aflent of the lords and commons aforefaid : it is ordained and ftabli(hed, by the authority of this prefent parliament. That all manner of indictments, inquifitions, procefles, records, judgments, ordinances, and ftatutes made and exprefled, taken, had, purfued, or declared againft the faid Owen, be affirmed, authorifed, and ftablifhed for law by authority of thi9 prefent parliament, and by the fame authority (hall be effectual and fufficient in the law for to bind and conclude for ever, all that be heirs or of the blood of the faid Owen, notwithftandmg any default or mifprifion had in this party, or any error in writing or in leaving out of the name or place, or the indorfement of the faid commiflion, or of negligence adding or leaving out more or lefs than behoveth, or any other default in the (aid indictments, inquifitions, records, or judgments notwithftand-ing, fo that this prefent ordinance be not prejudicial to any of the heirs or of the blood of the (aid Owen, as to any lands in tail.

«

CAP.

Digitized by Google

*430-1

Anno nono Henrici VL

*59

• CAP. IV.

An identitate nominis maintainable by executors, See.

ITEM pur ceo qe avaunt TTEM, For that before this H ces heures diverfes utlaga- JL time many outlawries have * rics ount efte pronunciez en di- pronounced againji divers of vers des lieges du Roi fibien the King's liege people, as well be-devaunt leftatut dadditions fait fore the Jiatute of additions made a Weftm’ lan primer le Roi at Weftminfter the firjl year of Henri quint pier a noftre feig- King Henry the Fifth, father to nur le Roi qareft come depuis our lordth< King that now is, as

ft hence, in refpeft of which outlawries, the bodies of other per-fons having fuch and like names as they had which were outlawed indeed, have been taken and im-

a caufe des queles utlagaries les corps dautres gentz eiantz au-tielx & femblables nouns come ceux qi feurent utlagez en fait avoient ount efte prifez Sr em-prifonez & lours biens & cha-teulx pur celle caufe par lefche-tours noftre dit feignur le Roi ic fes nobles progenitours feifez et combien qe par le commune ley du roialme brief de Idemp-titate nominis ad eftee main-tenable pur mefme la perfone qe en la fourme fuifdite fuift molefte ic ereve nepurquant fi

prifoned, and their goods and chattelsfor this caufe feifed by the ef-cheators of the King and of bis noble progenitors: (2) And al- 37 Ed. 3. c. 2. though that by the common law <?/rRa^* *°7* the realm a writ of Idemptitate nominis hath been maintainable for the fame perfon, which in the form aforefaid was molejled and grieved; neverthelefs if any per-

afeune perfone des ditz lieges fon of the fid lieges, having like eiant femblable noun come af- name as any other perfon of the

cun autre perfone de mefmez les lieges qen fait fuift utlage avoit Sft fes executours & mo-rufl fovent avient qe par malice &fubtilx ymaginations les biens ic chateux de tiel teftatour qe avoit mefme le noun come ce-luy qi fuift utlage en fait avoit eftoient feifez ic efchetez es mains noftre dit feignur le Roi ic de fes ditz progenitours en retardation del execution del teftement de checun tiel teftatour pur le doute qad eftee de ceo qe atoms executours pur-roient par la commune ley avoir brief de Idemptitate* nominis ou noun. Sur quoy pur toller1 ic remover toutz tielx doutes & ambiguites en ceft cas en apres del afient ic advis fuifditz & a la efpedal requeft des ditz communes ordcincz eft ic eftab-

lez

fame liege people which was outlawed in deed, had made his executors, and died, often it happened, that by malice and fubtil imaginations the goods and chattels of fuch teftator, which had the fame name as he bad which was outlawed in deed, were feifed and efcheated to the hands of our lord the King and df his progenitors, in retardation of the execution of the tef ament of every fuch teftator, for the doubt which hath been, whether any executors may by the common law have a writ ^Idemptitate nominis, or not. (3) Where- An Idempti-fore to take away and remove ***? nominis all fuch ambiguities and doubts by the^x^iT-in this cafe hereafter, of the af- tor» of a teibt-fent and advice aforefaid, and tor wrongful, at the fpecial requeft of the (aid ly molefted by commons, it is ordained and	any

eftabliflied by authority of this

par-

Digitized by	/

16o	Anno	nono	Hekrici	VL	[1430^

4 parliament. That a writ of Idemptitate nominis be gpnted and made good and maintainable for the executors of every teftator, to the fame effeft that the fame adlion of Idemptitate nominis was maintainable before this parliament for any perfon hitnfelf which was or might have been moleftcd or grieved becaufe or by colour of any fuch outlawry. (4) And that this ordinance (hall have relation and force, by authority aforefaid, for the executors of every teftator, as well of every outlawry pronounced againft any perfon at any time before this parliament, as of all manner of outlawries to be pronounced againft any perfon in jtegift. 194. time to come.

lez par au&orife de ceft parley ment qe brief de Idemptitate nominis foit & poet eftre graunte & done bone & main-tenable pur les e*ecutours de chefcun teftatour auxibien &c de mefme leffed come la dite adtion de Idemptitate nominis fuift maintenable devaunt celt parlement pur afeune perfone mefme qi foift ou purroit avoir efte molefte ou greve par caufe ou colour dafeune ticl utlagarie. Et qe cefte ordenaunce ait relation & force par lau&orite fuif-dite pur executours de chefcun teftatour fibien de chefcune utlagarie pronuncie en afeun perfone a afeun temps devaunt ceft parlement come de toutz miners dutlagaries pronunciez en afeun perfone en temps avenir*

CAP. V.

All men Jhall have free pajfage in Severn with goods, chattels, &c.

I H. 6. c. 174 T T E M, becaufe the river of T TEM pur tant qe la ryver de JL Severn, is common to all the X Seveme eft commune a Kings liege people, to carry and • toutz les leiges du Roi de carier recarry within theJlream of the & recarier deinz le ftreme du faidrtver, to Briftol, Gloucefter, dit ryver a Briftuyt Glouceftre and Worcefter, and other places & Worceftre & autres lieux au joining to the faid river, all man- dit river adjoynantz toutz ma-ner of merebandifes and other goods ners des merchandifes & autres and chattels, as well in tr&wes and biens & chateux fibien en boats, as in flotes commonly called trowes & batelx come en flotes Drags, in every part joining to the autrement appellez dragges en faid river; (3) within which rr- chefcun partie adjoynant au ver tnany Welflimen and other dit river deinz quell river di-perfons dwelling in divers places vers Galeis & autres perfones joining to the faid river, haVe new demurantez en divers lieux ad-late ajfembled in great number, joynantz au dit river ount ore arrayed in manner of'war, and tarde afiembles en graunde taken fuch flotes, otherwife called noumbre arraiez en faire de drags, and them have hewed in guerre & pris tielx flotus au-pieces, and with force and arms trement appellez dragges & eux beaten the people which were in ount trenchez en peces & ove Jiuh drags, to the intent that they force & armes batuz lez gentz fbould hire of the faid WeMhmcn queux feurent en tielx flotus a ' and other perjons, for great fums lentent quils lowerent des ditz of money, boats, and other vefj'els galeys & autres perfones pur

for	graundc

Digitized by

Google

H30‘]

Anno nono Henrici VI.

161

for carriage offuch merchandifes, and other good: and chattels, to art evil example and great impoverijh-ment of the faid liege people, if remedy be not hafitly provided;

(?) it is ordained by authority A . -of this parliament. That the

graunde fumme de moneye ba-telx & autres veflelx pur ca-riage des tielx merchandises Sc autres biens & chateux a mal-veis enfample & graunde em-poverilTment des ditz lieges fils ne foient haftiment reme-diez. Si eft ordinez par auc-torite de ceft parlement qe les ditz lieges du Roi purront a-voier Sc enjoier lour frank paf-fage en le dit river ove flotus Sc dragges & toutz maners des merchandifes Sc autres biens & chateux a lour volunte faunz deftourbaunce denully. Etfi afcun foit deftourbe de fon frank paflage en le dit river ait la partie greve fa action folonc le cours de la commune ley.

CAP. VI.

The burgejfes of Dorchefter fhall have their weighing by twelve miles about, &c.

fTEM it is ordained and af-

faid liege people of the King hindred of may have and enjoy their free their free paf-padage in the faid river with flotes and drags, and all man-^ds.upon ner of merchandifes, and other the river of goods and chattels, at their Severn, will, without difturbance of any; (4) and if any be difturb-ed of his free paflage in the faid river, the party grieved (hall have his action according to the 19 H. 7. e. if. courfe of the common law.	*5 H. *• c.

ITEM ordeignez eft Sc af-fentuz qe par force del ef-tatut fait en le darrein parlement des poifes accordantz a leftandard de lefcheker a eftre euez en chefcune citee burgh & ville deinz le roialme ne foient les burgies del burg de Dorcheftre deftourbez de lour droit de ufer lour poifures par xij. leuges environ mefme le burgh ufantz toutz foitz tielx poifez come en le dit eftatut fount exprimez et qe null droit ou title de poifure foit accrue a afcuny par force de mefme le darrein eftatut en deftourbaunce del droit des burgies del burgh de Dorcheftre de-fuifdit.

A fented, That by force of the ftatute made in the laft parliament, of weights according to the ftandard of the exchequer to be had in every city, borough, and town within the realm, the burgefles of the borough of Dorchefier (hall not be difturbed of their right, to ufe their weighing by twelve miles round the fame borough, ufing always fuch weights as in the faid ftatute be exprefled; (2) and that no right nor title of weighing grow to any by force of the fame laft ftatute, \n difturbance of the right of the faid burgef-fes of the faid borough of Dor-chefier.

By the ftatute 8 H. 6. c. 5. the burceiies of Dorchefter ftiall not be ditturbed to ufe their weighing by 12 miles a-bout the fame.

CAP. VII.

No	Jheriff, &c.	of the county of Hereford Jhall extort money,

or do wrong in bis turn, by colour of his office.

ITEM, for the great mifchiefs and importable opprelfions Ex daily done to tne King’s liege people within the county of Rattal. *

Vol. III.	M	Hereford	Sheriff's	turn

Anno nono Henrici VI.	[1430.

hfetefotd^ by encroachments and extortions done by the (heriffs of the faid county for the time being, late begun and wrongfully continued, becaufe that the (heriffs in their turns and other places after their turns holden and ended, in which other places they have no power nor authority by their office to take any inquiry or inqueft, do take divers inquiries, inqueft of office and indi<fttf>ents of labourers, artificers, and other divers things ordained by ft&tute to be inquired before the juftices and commiffioners of the peace, whereas in no manner they pertain to be inquired by fuch (heriffs in their turns, nor other-wife, nor in other places before them : And which (heriffs by force of fuch inquiries, inquefts of office and indictments unduly and unlawfully taken before them in their turns and elfe-where, and for the not coming of the faid liege people to the faid turns, the faid (heriffs do wrongfully take to their own ufe of divers of the fame liege people, fines and amerciaments of x. li. and other great fums, in oppreffion, undoing, and deftrudtion of many poor people of the faid lieges, if hafty remedy be not provided in this part: In confutation of which mifehief it is ordained by authority of this parliament, that no (heriff nor under (heriff of the (aid county from henceforth, by colour of his office, (hall take any inquiry, indicfhnent, or inqueft of office in his turn, which ought not by the law to be taken in his turn, nor that he by colour of his faid office take any inquiry, inqueft of office, or indidtmentin any other place, after the faid turn holden, and ended, nor that he take of any of the King’s liege people any fines or amerciaments, for any thing or caufe that percaineth not to his turn or office, nor no fuch heinous rior grievous amerciament of any of the (aid lieges, againft rea-fon, for not coming to the faid turn, or to another place, or for other caufe by colour of his faid office, upon pain of xl. li. by him to be paid to our fovereign lord the King his heirs and fuc-ceffors, as oftentimes as fuch (heriff or under (heriff thereof or of any article of the fame be duly convidf at the fuit of the King or of the party grieved, which mall fue as well for the King as for himfelf. And that the plaintiff in Tuch cafe have the half of the faid fum, together with his double damages to his own ufe. And that the party in this cafe grieved have power by the (ame authority, to fue in this party againft fuch lheriffs and under iheriffs, as well for the King as for himfelf as before is faid. And that the juftices of peace of the fame county for the time being, have power and authority to inquire, hear, and determine, fuch mifprifions and offences, as well at the King’s fuit as at the party’s, which will fue for the King and for himfelf. And this ordinance (hall endure by iii. years next coming.

CAP. VIII.

The weight of a wey of cheefe.

ITEM, Whereat it hatp been TTEM come il ad efte daun-of old times accujiomed in all JL cien temps accuftumez eu the	toutz.

1430 ]	Anno nono

toutz lcs countecs dEngleterre qe les formages qe duffent eftre venduz par la wey ferroit poifee par le auncell et pur ceo qe a le darrein parlement tenuz a Wefttn’ fuift ordeigne qe les ditz auncelles a caufe de ia graunde deceite dicelles fer-roient deftruitz & autres poifes couchantz ferroient celle partie ordeinuz et eft ainfi qe les po-verez gentz du roialme fount graundement deceux par les dits poifes couchant a caufe qils neient conifaunce combien des livres le wey de formage dent par les ditz poifez coch-auntz. Et pur ceo au fin qe les ditz poverez gentz ne ferroient en celle partie deceux fi-come ils ount eftee depuis le dit darrein parlement ordineeft par au6torite de ceft parlement qe lc pois dun wey dun for-mage puiffe tenir xxxij. cloves ceftaflavoir chefcun dove vij. li. par les ditz poifes cochantz.

Henrici VI.	163

the counties of England, that all the cheefes which ought to be fold by the wey should be weighed by the aunceU and becaufe that at the laft parliament holden at Weftminfter it was ordained,

That the faid auncels, in refpeft of the great deceit of the famey should be defrayed\ and other weights couching should be in this behalf ordained; and it is fo, that the poor people of the realm be greatly deceived by the faid weights couching, for that they know not how many pounds the wey of cheeft doth contain by the faid weights couching. (2) And therefore Aweyof to the intent that the faid poor chede (hair people (hall not be in this be- contain 314 half deceived, as they have cloves, been fithence the faid laft parliament, it is ordained by the authority of this parliament.

That the weight of a wey of cheefe may contain xxxii. cloves, that is to fay, every clove vii. li. by the faid weights laying.

CAP. IX.

Tht chancellor of England may grant his emmiffion to certain perfons to fcour and amend the river Ley in the counties of Effex, Hertford, and Middlefex.

ITEM, Whereas it was ordained by a ftatute made in the

time of King Edward the Third, the 25th year of his reign. Wears, mills, that all the wears, mills, flanks, flakes, piles, and kydels, See. which were fet in the great rivers of England, in the time of the lord Edward fometime King of England, fon of King Henryy 2$ Ed. 3. ftat. and after, whereby fhips and boats be difturbed, that they can- 4- c. 4« not pafs as they were wont to pafs, (hould be removed and pul- 1	5-	*•

led down. And afterward in the parliament of King Henry, * father of our foverejgn lord the King that now is, holden the first year of his reign, it was ordained, that as ^ell the faid ftatute made the faid xxv. year, as another ftatute made in the time of the faid noble King Edward the Third, the xlv. year of his reign, in all their articles fhall be firmly holden, and ob-ferved, joining to the fame, commiflions (hall be made to fuf-ficient perfons, to be juftices in every county of England, where it (hall be needful, to furvey and keep all the waters and great rivers within the realm, ana to correA and amend the defaults,

M 2	and

i<>4	Anno	nono	Henrici	VI.	[1430.

and to make due execution of the faid ftatutes according to their effedt, as well by their furveying, advifement, and difcretion, as by inquifitions within liberties and without, thereof to be taken when it (hall be needful, and all the premiftes to hear and determine. And notwithftanding all the faid ftatutes, and tnany other ftatutes made for the confervation of the faid great rivers, there is fo great number of (helfs within the river of River of Ley. which is in the counties of Effex, Hertford and Middefex9 which runneth from the bridge of the town of Warey to the river of Thames, which (helfs be made and come by force and courfe of the faid water of Ley, that (hips and boats may not pafs by the faid water of Ley, as they ought, becaufe that no power nor authority is given by any ftatute heretofore made, how nor in what manner the faid (helfs may be removed, as by a petition delivered in this parliament by the commons of the fame it was fully declared: Whereupon by advice and affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and alfo at the requeft Chancellor of of the faid commons, it is granted and ordained. That the England. chancellor of England for the time being, may affign certain fufficient commiflloners, which (hall have power by authority of this parliament, to remove and caft all the faid (helfs out of the faid river of Ley, upon the banks of the feme river, fo that any may be found, that will take upon him to do the fame, without excluding of any man’s right. And in cafe any credit or (hift of any fums of money be or might be made, to put out and amove the faid (helfs, that then the commiftioners of the faid river for the time being, by them and by their deputies, may by authority of the fame parliament, take and gather of every (hip and boat freighted, palling or coming in the faid river four pence, for the repayment of the faid credits made or to be made, and for the confervation of the faid river without fuch (helfs, till the end of three years next following.

CAP. X.

A rebearfal and confirmation of the ftatute of 3 Hen. V. cap. 2. authorizing certain abbots and other religious per-fons to make their attornies.

ITEM, whereas in the parliament holden at JVefminlhry the xv. day of March the third year of the reign of King Henry the Fifth, a ftatute was ordained in the form as follow-eth : Item, forafmuch as there be divers abbots, priors, w hereof fome be of the King’s foundation, and feme of the foundation of other lords, dwelling as well within the county of forty as in the county of Lancaf}er% whereof fome have poflef-fions within the wapentakes of Staineclifte wapentake, and Friendles wapentake in Craven In the faid county of York*, and and fome not, againll: whom divers perfons daily by abettment and procurement of the bailiffs approvers of the courts of the (aid wapentakes, and of the ftewards that hold pleas in the faid courts, and of fermours of the profits and revenues of the

Digitized by (^.ooQle

143°-]	Anno	nono Henrici VI.

laid courts, do feijm and procure by them and other of their covin and aflent, divers plaints and pleas of debt and trefpafs, and other divers pleas in the courts of the laid wapentakes.

And -when the fame abbots and priors come to the faid courts to defend them of fuch wrongful plaints and pleas, and pray ' and profer to the ftewards and bailiffs of the faid courts to make their attofnies in fuch pleas, the faid ftewards andN bailiffs the fame refiife, and will not receive fuch attomies of fuch abbots and priors, in any plea of debt or trefpafs, nor in any other plea. And moreover the fame ftewards and bailiffs of their own authority do amerce the faid abbots and priors, at the first time for every of the faid plaints ten (hillings or twenty (hillings, or more at their will, to the great damage and hindrance of the faid abbots and priors, and againft reafon and the common law of the land. The King hath ordained in remedy of the faid grievances, that all fuch abbots and priors and their fucce(Tors and every of them, fo vexed in the faid courts, may make their attomies or attorney general, Attorney, that is to fay, every of them under the common feal of his houfe, to gain and lofe in every plea of debt and trefpafs, and other plea moved or to be moved in the faid courts, and in all other courts within the faid wapentakes. And that the ftewards and bailiffs of the (aid courts receive the faid attomies fo made and named without any contradi<ftion. And if the fame ftewards or bailiffs refiife to receive any fuch attomies, fo made and named, or to be made and named, that then the faid ftewards and bailiffs at every time of fuch refafal of fuch attomies, (hall forfeit and incur the pain of x. li. to the King,

And that the faid abbots and priors or their fucceflors in the (aid counties nor in any of them, fhall be amerced for any nonfuit or default in none other manner than fecular perfons,,

And that this ordinance ftajid in his force for all the year next coming, and till the parliament the fame year next enfuing:

After the determination of which ftatute, oecaufe that it w4s not ordained to endure but for a certain time now determined and paft, the mifchiefs and grievances aforefaid do remain yet not remedied, and daily abound and increafe more than ever they did, and moreover the faid ftewards and bailiffs will now Teceive none other plea nor anfwer of the faid abbots and priors in the faid courts, but only to wage their law, to the intent that they ought of neceflity to appear before them in their proper perfons, to their great vexation and grievances : Wherefore the faid mifchiefs and grievances confidered, for the comfort and relief of the faid abbots and priors, and of other religious perfons aforefaid, by the advice and aflent of the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and alfo at the fpecial requeft of the faid commons, it is ordained. That the faid ftatute, made the faid third year, be holden and obferved as good and effectual, as long as it (hall pleafe the King.

M3

CAP,

Digitized by

Google

Anno nono Henrici VI.

[i43°-

CAP. XI.

Proclamations before a writ be awarded to the bifhop to certify bajlardy.

ITEM, whereas by a fuppli-cation delivered in this prefent parliament by the commons of the fame, it was declared by Margaret duchefs ^/Clarence, Johan dutchefs of York, fiferSy and a-mongli other heirs to Edmond earl W'Kent, Richard duie of York, Richard earl of Salifbury, and Alice fris wifey Ralph earl of Weftmorland, John lord of Typtofttf/fc/^Powys, and Joyce his wife, and Henry Gray, coufinsy and other ofthe heirs ofthe faid Edmond late early as in the fame fup -plication is fuppofed; that is to fayy the faid duie9 fon to Anne daughter of Alianour, another of the ftfters of the faid Edmond; the fata Alice, daughter to Alianour another ftjler of the faid Edmond; the faid Ralph, fon to Elizabeth another JtJler of the faid Edmond> the faid Joyce, daughter to the fame Alianour mother of Anne ; and the faid Henry Gray, fon to Johan daughter of the fame Alianour : (2) That whereas Alianour, wife to -James lord Audley, pretendingy callingy and affirming herfelf daughter and heir to the faid Edmond late carl of Kent, and begotten and born in marriage pretenfedy had betwixt him and Conftance late wife ^Thomas lord Defpenfer, where by the faid (application it is fuppofed^ that the faid Alianour, wife to theyi/rf James, is ba(lardy and never was any marriage madey hady nor folenmized betwixt the faid Edmond and Conftance, (3) but the faid\ Edmond {by the ordinancey willy and agreement of King Henry

the

ITEM come par une fup-plication bailie en ceft par-lement pair les communes dicell eftoit declarez par Mar*-garete duchefle de Clarence Johan duchefle dEverwyk foers & entre autres heirs a Edmond nadgairs count de Kent Richard clue dEverwyk Rir chard count de Sarifbirs & Alece fa femme Rauf count dc Weftmerland John fire de Tip-toft & de Powys & Joiufe fa femme & Henri Gray cofyns & autres des heirs du dit Edmond nadgairs count ficome en mefme la fupplication eft fuppofez ceftaffavoir le dit duk fitz a Anne file a Alianore une autre des foers du dit Edmond, le dite Aleyfe file a Alianore une autre foer du dit Edmond le dit Rauf fitz a Elizabeth une autre foer du dit Edmond la dite Joiufe file dite Alianore mere a Anne & le dit Henri Grey fitz a Johanne file a mefme fa Alianore qe la ou Alianore femme a James fire dAu-deley pretendant appellant & affermant luy mefme file & heir au dit Edmond nadgairs count de Kent & engendre & nee en efpoufelx pretenfez euez parentre luy & Cuftance nadgairs femme a Thomas fire j Defpenfer la ou par la dit fupplication eft fuppofe qe la dite Alianore femme au dit James eft baftard & jammes nulles efpoufelx fuerent en fait euez ou fplempnifez parentre les ditz Edmond & Cuftaunce mes qe le dit Edmond par lordir 1 naunce volunte & agreement du Roi Henri le quart aid nof-

tre

Digitized by C^ooQle

tre feignur lc Roi quoreft de-puis graunde notable & longe ambaffiatt euz & enjoiez a le duke de Melayne pur mariage a eftre euez parentre le dit Edmond & Luce foer au dit duk de Melayne prift a femme & overtement & folempnement efpoufa la dite Luce a Loun-dres vivant cell temps la dite Cuftaunce & illoeques efteant prefent nient clamant le dit Edmond a fon baron ne afcun dower de fes terrez puis fon decefle les queux efpoufilles parentre le dit Edmond & Luce enfi euz & folempnifez conti-nuerent faunz afcun' interruption du dite Cuftaunce ou daf-cun autre durant la vie du dit Edmond ficome divers fieg-nurs & autres credibles & notables perfones du dit roialme ©unt bien en lour memorie et coment puis la decefle du dit Edmond lavaundite Luce fuift endowe de fes terres come fa loyall femme continuant en fon eftate peifiblement par tout fa vie.

Nientmeins la dite Alianore femme James fur graunde fub-tilite procefle ymagine prive labour & autres menes & voies coloures a lentent qeledeveroit eftre certifiez muliere par afcun ordinarie en cas qe baftar-die ferroit alegge en fa perfone ad porte a ceo qeft dit en examination devaunt certeins jug-ges en courtz chriftien & efpi-rituel nient enfourmez ne aiantz conifaunce du dit fubtilite procefle ymagine prive labour co-lourez mefhes & voies certeins fubomatz proves & per-fones de fa aflent & covine de-poufantz pur ele come en ef-poufelx euez & folempnifez parentre les ditz Edmond & Cuftaunce & la dite Alianore femme

Anno nono Henrici VI.

the Fourth, grandfather to our lord the King that now is, after great, notable, and long ambajfagc had and fent to the duke of Mil-lain, yir a marriage to be had betwixt the /aid Ed mond /7^ Luce, fifter to the /aid duke of Mil-Jain) did take to wife, and openly and folemnly married the faii Luce at London; the faid Con-ftance then livings and being there prefent, not claiming the faid Edmond to her hujband, nor any dower of his lands after his deccaje; (4) which marriage betwixt the faid Edmond and Luce fo had and folemni%ed, continued without any interruption of the faid Conftance, or of any other, during the life of the faid Edmond, as divers lords and other credible and notable perfons of the faid realm do well remember \ and how after the deceafe of the faid Edmond, the faid Luce was en-lanc

167

dowed of his lands as his lawful wife, continuing thereof her ef-tattopeaceably all her life.

IT, Neverthelefs the faid Alia- a fecret prac-nour, the wife of James, upon tice to prove great fubtilty, procefs imagined, oneMuher j11 privy labour, and other means court^who it and coloured ways, to the intent a baftard. that Jhe ought to be certified Mu-lier by fome ordinary, in cafe that bafiardy should be alledged in her per fon, hath brought (as it is faid) in examination before certain judges in the fpiritual court, not informed, nor having knowledge of the faidfubtilty, imagined procefs, privy labour, and coloured ways, certain fuborned proofs and perfons of her affcnt and covin, depofing for her, that the faid Alianour, the wife of James, was begotten within marriage, had and folemnized betwixt the faid Edmond and Conflance ; the (aid dutchefs, the duke of York, and earl ofSz&fbury, and M 4	Alice,

Digitized by Google

i68

Anno nono Henrici VI,	[1430.

Alice, earl of Weftmorland, me James pur eftre engendrez John the lord of Typtoft, Joyce & neez dedeins mefmes les ef-and Henry, nor any of went poufebc les ditz ducheffe duke thereof'warned^ norknozving until dEverwyk count de Sari(birs long time after the depofttion fo Aleife count de Weftmerland made, whereof thefaidfuppliants John fire de Tiptoft Joiufe & do fear them to be grieved and Henri ne null deux ent nient impeached of their inheritance had garniz ne fachantz tanqe par by the faid Edmond, by another longe temps apres la dite de-v jubtilty and labour in the temporal pofition fait dount les ditz fup-hnv, to be prafiifed and wrought pliantz fe doutent eftre grevez by the faid lord of Audley and A- & empefchez de lour enheri-Jianour his wife; (2) as if they taunce euez par le dit Edmond will commence any ail ion againji par autre fubtilite & labour en any perfons of their own affent ley temporell a eftre laboure & and covin, or otherwife will cavfe oevere par les ditz fire dAu-fuch perfons of Juch affent and deley & Alianore fa femme covin to purfue an ailion againji ficome ils voloient prendre af-tkem, as it is fuppofed that they cun action envers afcunes per-A praflice.to intend to do; in which afiion, fones de lour affent & covyne PJ°Y5 °“c by the covin and affent aforefaid, ou autrement faire afcuns per-commonW bajlardy ought to be auedged in fanes de tiel affent & covyne who is indeed perfon of the faid Alianour, prendre une action envers eux a baftartL wife of James, and thereupon by ficome il eft fuppofe qils lour the affent and covin an iffue is to ordignent a ceo faire en la quell be taken, and a writ to be fent to action par les affent & covyne fome ordinary (wh&e it pleafe fuifditz baftardie deut eftre al-them, not advertifed of theffaid legge en la perfone du dite fubtiltyy affent, and covin) to cer- Alianore femme James et fur tify if the faid Alianour, the ceo par affent & covyne iffue wife of James, be Mulier or eftre pris & un brief deftre en-notj before which ordinaty the voie a afeun ordinarie ou lour fame Alianour, wife of James, plerroit nient advertife des ditz will alledge and prove herfelf fubtilite aflent & covyne pur Mulier/y the faid depofitionsof the certefier ft la dite Alianore fern-faidfuborned witneffes \ and then me James fuift muliere ou ne-the party reputed as adverfary mye devaunt quell ordinarie againji the lordof Audley and A- mefme la Alianore femme lianour his wife ^ in the faid action James voet alegger de prover taken or to be taken by affent and luy mefmes muliere par la dite covin aforefaid\ will alledge no depofition des ditz fubomatz proof nor matter, nor make any provez & adonqes la partie eu defence before the faid ordinary come adverfarie envers les dits againji the fame lord Audley and fire dAudeley & Alianore fa Alianour his wifey but fuffer the femme en la dit adtion pris ou matter before the faid ordinary apprendre par affent & covyne • to proceed according to the mean- fuifditz ne veulle null prove ing of the faid lord of Audley and ne matier alegger ne defence Alianour his wife; fo that it is fair devaunt le dit ordinarie en-very like'yy that the fame ordinary vers mefmes les fire dAudeley will certify the faid Alianour, the & Alianore fa femme mes la

wife	fuffrer

Digitized by Google

ibg

1430.]	Anno	rtono	Henrici	VI.

fuffrer la maticr dcvaunt le dit ordinarie proceder folonc len-tent des ditz fire dAudelev & Alianore fa femme .parenn qe verifemblable eft qe mefme lor-dinarie verroit certifier la dite Alianore femme James muliere la quelle certificat i flint eu & fait deufloit par la ley dEngle-terre diflieriter les ditz duchefle duk dEverwyk count de Sa-rifbirs Aleyfe count de Weft-merr John fire de Tiptoft Joi-ufe & Henri & lour iftue pur toutz jours de lentier enheri-taunce avauntdit. Sur qy les premifles tendierment confide-rez & pur eviter tielx fubtielx dilheritaunces fibien en le dit cas come en autres cafes fem-biables en temps avenir del advis & aftent des feignurs ef-pirituelx & temporelx & auxi a la fpecial requeft des ditz communes en ceft parlement aflemblez ordeinez eft & efta-blez par au<ftorite de mefme la parlement qe fi la dite Alianore femme James foit certifie muliere en afcun court devaunt ces heures qe null maner de tiel certificat pardevaunt fait pur la dite Alianore femme Tames mette a afcun prejudice lye endamage ne conclude afcun perfone ou perfones forfqe celuy & fes heirs qi fuift fait partie a la plee et qe defore en-avaunt toutz juges de ou en les courtz la ou afcun plee eft ou fcrra pendant pris on mocve en queux plees enfi faitz pen-dantz pris ou raoevez baftardie eft ou ferra aljegge envers afcun perfone partie a mefme le plee he fur ceo iftue joinee ou a joyner le quell par la ley droit eftre certifie par lordi-narie qe lez juges ou un juge de ou en les courtz ou le dit plee eft ou ferra pendant pris

ou

wife of James, Mulier; (3) which certificate fo had and madey ought by the law of England to difherit the /aid ducheffes, duke of York, ftfr/^Salilbury, earl of Weftmorland, John lord of Typtoft, Alice, Joyce, and Hern*)’, and their ijfue for every of the whole inheritance aforefaid.

(4)	Whereupon the premifles tenderly confidered, and to ef-chew fuch fubtil difherifons, as well in the faid cafe, as in other cafes like in time to come, by the advice and aftent of all the lords fpiritual and temporal, and alfo at the fpecial requeft of the faid commons, in this parliament aflembled, it is ordained, and eftablithed by authority of this parliament, That if the faid Alianour, the wife of James> be certified Mulier in any court before this time, that no manner of certificate heretofore made for the faid Alianour, wife of James, lhall in any wife put to prejudice, bind, endamage, nor conclude any per-fon or perfons, but him or his heirs that was party to the plea.

(5)	And from henceforth all juftices of or in the courts where any plea is or (hall be depending, taken, or movedf in which plea, fo depending, taken, or moved, baftardy is or (hall be alledged againft any perfon party to the fame plea, and thereupon an iftue joined, which by the law ought to be certified by the ordinary, that the judges, or one judge of or in the courts where the faid plea is or (hall be depending, taken, or moved, before the time that any writ of certificate pafs out of the fame court to the ordinary, to certify upon iftue fo joined, or to be joined, (hall make remembrance under

their

Digitized by

Google

r

Anno nono Henrici VI.	[1430.

their feals, or his feal, at the fuit of the demandant or tenant, plaintiff or defendant in the plea, in which the baftardy is or (hall be alledged, reciting the iffue that is joined in the fame plea of baftardy, and certifying to the chancellor of the Proclamations King of England for thetime be-before a writ ing, to the intent that thereupon awardedtothe proclamation be made in the

certify^aRar- faid chancery by three months, <jy.	once	in every month, that all

perfons pretending any intereft to objeft againft the party which pretendeth himfelf to be Muliefy that they fue to the ordinary to whom the writ of certificate is or fhall be diredf-cd, to make their allegations and ohje&ions againft the party which pretendeth himfelf to be Muliir, as the law of holy church requireth; (6) and the faid chancellor having notice of the faid remembrance and iffue joined, and being required by the faid demandant or tenant, plaintiff or defendant having the faid remembrance, to make the faid proclamation as afore is faid, the fame chancellor for the time being (hall caufe to be made proclamation in the form aforefaid ; (7) and the proclamation fo made fhall certify in the court where the faid plea in which the baftardy is alledged another time (hall be depending. (8) And that the judges of or in the court where the fame plea is or (hall be depending, taken, or moved, be-v	fore	any proclamation fo to be

made in the chancery, make one time fuch proclamation openly in the fame court, and alfo another time when the proclamation lhall be certified ' by the chancellor of England, and made in the form above rehearfed;

ou moeve devaunt le temps qe afeun brief de certificat paffe hors de cell court al ordinarie pur certifier fur liflue enfi joyne ou a joyner face une remembrance defouth lour fealx ou fon (eal al fuyt le demaundant ou tenant pleintif ou defendant en le plee en quell baftardie eft ou ferra allegge recitant li(fue qeft joyne en mefme le plec de baftardie & certifiant a le chaunceller du Roi dEngleterrc pur le temps efteant a lentent ae fur ceo proclamation foit fait en la dite chauncerie par trois moys un foitz en chefcun movs qe toutz les perfones qi pretendent afeun intereffe pur objecter encountre la partie qe luy pretende deftre muliere qils fuent al ordinarie a qi le brief de certificat eft ou ferra direct pur faire lour allegeaunces Sc objections envers la partie qe luy pretende deftre muliere fi-come la ley de feint efglife re-quiert et le dit chaunceller eiant notice del dit remembraunce & iffue joynee & requis par le dit demaundant ou tenant pleintif ou defendant avauntditz aiant mefme la remembraunce de fair la dite proclamation come de-fuis eft dit mefme le chaunceller pur le temps efteant ferra fair proclamation en la fourme avauntdit & la proclamation enfi fait certifiera en la court ou le dit plee en quell la baftardie eft allegge alors ferra pendant. Et qe les juges de ou en la court ou le dit plee eft ou ferra pendant pris ou moeve devaunt afeun proclamation enfi affaire en la chauncerie fa-cent un foitz autiel proclamation overtement en mefme la court & auxi autre foitz quant les proclamations ferront cer-tifiez par le chaunceller Sc en

Digitized by Google

I432-J Annodecimo

la fourme reherce faitz et adon-qes le dit juge agardera le dit brief de certificat al ord inane pur certifier furliffue iflint joy-nee ou a joyner. Et fi aicun brief de certificat foit fait ou graunte devaunt ceo qe toutz les ditz proclamations en la fourme devaunt reherce foient faitz & certifiez qe adonqes cell brief de certificat et le certificat del ordinarie fur ceo faite ou affaire foit voide en ley & de null effedh Et ii afcun brief devaunt ceft temps foit direct a afcun ordinarie pur certifier fi la dite Alianore femme James foit baftard ou ne-mye & a ceft temps nient cer-tifie fil foit certifie enapres par vertu du dit brief qe mefme le certificat du dit ordinarie enfi fait foit voide & de null effeS.

HenriciVI.	i	yi

rehearfed; (9) and then thefaid judge (hall award the faid writ of certificate to the ordinary, to certify upon the iflue fo joined, or to be joined; (10) and if any writ ot certificate be made or granted, before that all the proclamations in the form aforefaid be made and certified, that then the faid writ of certificate, and the certificate of the ordinary thereupon made or to be made,

(hall be void in law, and of none effeCh (11) And if any writ before this time be directed to any ordinary, to certify if the (aid Alianour, wife of James, be baftard or not, and at this time not certified, if it be certified hereafter by virtue of the faid writ, that the fame certificate of the faid ordinary fo made, be void and of Raft. 29,105, none effeCt.

Statutes made at Weftminfter, Anno. 10Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1432.

NOSTRE feignur If Roi	U	R	lord	the King, at his

a fon parlement tenuz a V/ parliament holden at Weft-Weftm’ le xije. jour de Maij minfter the twelfth day $/May,

Jan de fon regne difme a lonour the tenth year of bis reign, to toe de Dieu & pur le bien de luy honour of God, and for the wealth he fon roialme & pur la tran- of him and his realm, and for the qilite & cafe de fon poeple de tranquility and eafe of his people, ladvis & aflent des feignurs ef- by the advice and qffint of the pirituelx & temporelx & a la lords fpiritual and temporal, and cfpeciale requeft des communes at the fpecial requejl of the comen mefme le parlement affem- mons m the fame parliament af-blez ad fait ordeiner & eftabler fembled, hath caufed to be enacted diverfes eftatuitz & ordinaunces and ejlablijhed divers Jlatutes and en la fourme qenfuift.	ordinances in the form following.

CAP. I.

- Recognifances taken before the mayor, &c. of Calais, Jhatt be ejfeftual in England.

FIRST, whereas it is granted to the mayor and conftables Ex edit, of the ftaple of Calais, by the charter oi the King's noble Pulton.

progenitors, _

Digitized by

Google

172	Anno	dccimo Henrici VI. [1432.

Recognifances progenitors, and by him confirmed, that they (hall have power the of t0 ta^c record all recognizances of debts before them made the ftapl^of any perfon, and therefore great doubts were, if the recog-Calais (hall be nifances before the faid mayor and conftables made beyond the effe6hia1 with- fea, fhould be effectual and executory in all points within the ill England, realm of England, as the recognifances made before the mayor and conftables of the ftaple of IVeftminJler be: (2) Our lord the King willing in this cafe to take away all fuch doubts, by the advice and afTent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the fpecial requeft of the faid commons, hath ordained by authority of the fame parliament. That all the recognifances of debts before the faid mayor and conftables of Calais, made or to be made by any perfons beyond the fea, fhall be as effectual and executory, and of fuch force in all points within the realm, and in the fame form executory, as the faid recognifances made before the faid mayor and conftables of the ftaple of Weflminjler, or before any other mayors or conftables of the ftaple within the faid realm be.

CAP. II.	*

Certain things required in him who Jhall he a cloofer of the knights of the parliament.

IH.6. c. 7. TTEM, whereas at theparlia- TTEM come au parlement X ment holden at Weftminfter X tenuz a Weftm’ lendemain

the morrow of St. Matthew the Ppojlle, the eighth year of the Kmg that now is, it was ordained by the authority of the fame parliament. That the knights of all counties within the realm of England, to be chofen to come to the parliaments hereafter to be holden, should be chofen in every county by people dwelling and re-font in the fame, whereof every one Jball have freehold to the value of forty Jbitttngs by year at the leaf, above all charges, upon a certain pain contained in the fameJlatute; (2) not making ex-prefs mention in the fame, that every man that frail be choofer of anyfuch knights Jhall havefreehold to the value of forty Jhillings at the leaf, above all charges, within the fame county where fuch choofer with other like Jhall make fuch election, or elfewhere: (3) And therefore our lord the King, willing to make plain declaration of the faid fta-

tute

de feint Mattheu lappoftle lan du regne noftre feignur le Roi oeptifme ordine eftoit & eftable

{>ar auctorite de mefme le par-ement qe les chivalers des touts countees deins le roialme dEngleterre a efliers pur venir as parlementz en apres a tenirs foient efluz en chefcun countee par gentz demurantz & re-feantz en icelles dount chefcun ait frank tenement a la value dexl. s. par an au meins outre les reprifes fur certcin peine contenuz en mefme leftatuit nient feftant.exprefle mention en icefl qe chefcun qi ferroit eflifour dafeuns tielx chivalers averoit frank tenements a la value de xl. s. au meins outre les reprifez deins mefme le countee ou afeun tiel eflifour ovefqe autres femblables ferroit tiel election ou aillours. Et pur taunt noftre feignur le Roi voillant ftire du dit eftatuit pleine declaration del advis Sc afTent

Digitized by v^ooQle

I432>]

alien t. fuifditz & a la requeft des dites communes ad ordine qe les chivalers de toutz les counties deins le dit roialme a efliers pur venir a les parle-mentz en apres a tenirs foient efluz en chefcun countee par gentz demurantz & refeauntz en icelles dount chefcun ait frank tenement a la value <de xl. s. par an au meins outre les reprifes deins* mefme le countee ou afcun tiel eflifour foi voet meller dafcun tiel election.

Anno decimo Henrici VI.

tute, by the advice and aflent aforefaia, and at the fpecial requeft of the faid commons, hath ordained, That the knights of all counties within the faid realm, to be chofen to come to parliaments hereafter to be holden, (hall be chofen in every county by people dwelling and refiant in the fame, whereof every man (hall have freehold to tne value of xl. s. by the year at the leaft, above all charges, within the fame county where any fuch choofer will meddle of any fuch election.

*73

A choofer of the knights of the parGa-ment rauft be reliant within the fame county, and have freehold.

z H.$. c.i.

CAP. III.

A letter of requeft Jhall be granted by the keeper of the privy feal to any of the King's fubjefls, from whom goods Jhall be taken by the Jubjefts 0/Denmark.

ITEM pur ceo qe noftre feignur le Roi a la grevoufe compleint a luy fait en iceft parlement par les communes de fon roialme efteantz en icell eft enfourme qe plufours de fes foialx lieges fount graunde-ment empoverez anientez & en point deftre deftruitzpar le Roi de Denmark & fez lieges qi (bunt del amiftee du Roi noftre feignur a caufe qils prei-gnent de jour en autre de fez ditz foialx lieges lour biens pa-ril&nt qils ount pris des mar-chauntz dEverwyk & Kyng-efton fur Hull biens & mar-chandifez a la value de v. li. dedeins un an & dautres lieges & march'aunts du roialme biens & chateux a la value dexx. i. li. dount ils nount remedie du dit Roi de Denmark ne de null autre a caufe qe null de eux veigne deins le roialme dEngleterre ne riens ount en icell & ae les biens (bunt prifez hors de meftne le roialme.

IT tm^becaufe that our fovereign lord the King, at the grievous complaint to him made in this parliament by the commons of his realm of England being in this parlia-ment, is informed, That many of his faithful liege people be greatly impoverijhedy undone,	and

th point to be defrayed, by the King of Denmark and his lieges, which be of the amity of the King our fovereign lord^becaufe that they do daily take of hisfaidfaithfulfub-jefts their goods \fo that they have taken of merchants of York and Kingfton upon Hull goods and mercnandifes to the value of five thoufand tounds within a yeary and of other lieges and merchants of the realm ^England goods and chattels to the value of twenty thoufand pounds, whereof they have no remedy of the faid King of Denmark, nor of none other, fcrafmuch as none of them cometb within the realm of England, nor nothing have in the fame realm of England, and that the goods

Digitized by

Google

Anno.decrmo Henrici VI. [*432.

A letter of requeft (hall be granted by the keeper of the privy feal, to any of the King’s fub-jetts from whom goods (hall be taken by the fubjetts of the King of Denmark.

goods be taken out of the fame realm: the King willing to provide remedy for his mid liege people, hath ordained and e-llablilhed, That if the goods of any of the faid his lieges be or (hail be taken by the faid King of Denmark, or any of his laid lieges, the keeper or the •privy feal for the time being (hall have power to make to the party grieved letters of requeft under the privy feal, without any other purfuit to be made to any, for reftitution to be had of the goods fo taken and to be taken. And if reftitution be not made by fuch letters, the King our fovereign lord, by the advice of his council, (hall provide to the party grieved his covenable remedy, according as the cafe requireth.

roialme. Mefme noftre feignur le Roi voillant a fez ditz. lieges purvoier de remedie del advis & aflent fuifditz ordinc qe (i les biens dafeuns de fez ditz lieges foient ou ferront prifez par le dit Roi de Denmark ou afeuns de fez ditz lieges ait le dit gardein du priye (eal pur le temps efteant poiair de faire au partie greve lettres de requeft defoubz le prive feal faunz autre purfuite affaire a afeuny pur reftitution avoir des biens iflint prifez & ap-prendrez.Et fi reftitution nefoit fait par tielx lettres le Roi no-lire feignur par advis de fon counceill purveiera al partie greve covenable remedie folonc ceo qe le cas requiert.

The penalty of him that maketh a falfe entry, that the plaintiff doth offer himfelf in per-fon, where he doth not.

CAP. IV.

The penalty of him that maketh a falfe entry, that the plaintiff doth offer himfelf in perfon, where he doth not.

ITEM, For that divers of the King's liege people before this time have been outlawed, and greatly vexed and difquieted in divers fuits, as well before the King in his bench, as in the common bench, in the records of which fuits the entries have been made, that the plaintiffs in the fame fuits Obtulerunt fe in propria perfo-na fua, where the fame plaifitiffs never appeared to fuch fuits, nor had knowledge of the fame, in great mifehief of the Jaid liege people, if remedy be not provided in this behalf \ (2) our lord the King willing in this cafe to provide remedy, hath ordained and eftablilhed by authority of this prefent parliament.

That no manner Fylifer, Exi-genter, nor any other officer, from henceforth (hall make fuch

ITEM pur ceo qc divers des lieges du Roi avaunt ces hoeures ount eftee utlagez & graundement vexez & difleifez en divers feutez fibien devaunt le Roi en fon bank come en le commune bank en les re-cordes des queux feutes les en-tres ount eftee faitz qe les pleintifs en mefmes les feutes Optulerunt fe in propria per-fona fua lou mefmes les pleintifs unqies napparerount as tieulx feutes ne conifaunce a-voient dicelles en graunde mifehief des ditz lieges ft remedie ne foit purveu en cell partie noftre feignur le Roi voillant en ceo cas purvoir de remedie ad prdine par au<5to-rite de ceft parlement qe null filicer exigenter ne autre officer defore enavaunt ferra tiel.

entree

Digitized by C^ooQle

entree en afeun feute finon qe le pleintif en mefme la fute a-vaunt qe afeun tiel entre foit fait appierte en fa propre per-fone devaunt afeun des juftices de lieu ou le plee eft ou ferra pendant & illeoqes foit juree fur un liver qil eft mefme la perfone en qi noun la dite fuite eft fue ou qe autre creable perfone de fon counfeill face tiel ferement pur luy. Et durera ceft ordinance tanqal profehein parlement.

fuch entry in any manner fuit, except that the plaintiff in the fame fuit, before that fuch entry be made, do appear in his proper perfon before fome of the faid juftices of the place where the plea is or (hall be depending ; (3) and there he (hall be fworn upon a book, That he is the fame perfon in whofe name the faid fuit is fued, or that fome other credible perfon of the King's * council # m make fuch oath for him. (4) Made perpe* And this ordinance (hall en- tual by 18H. dure till the next parliament. 6- c*9*

CAP. V.

A rebearfal of the Jlatute of 21R. II. c. 18. touching the maintenance of certain places about Calais.

ITEM, whereas by a ftatute made the xxi. year of Richard^ edit Raft.

the Second, for two great works very neceflary always to Calais, be fuftained and fupported about the town of Calais, and the Beacons, marches there, that is to fay, the beacons before the port there, and the place called Paradije, which is nigh to the ditches of the fame town, it was ordained and ftablifhed. That all manner of (hips accuftomed to come to the faid port out of England (the fiftiers boats only excepted) (hall bring with them all their laft-age of good ftones, covenable for the (luffing of the faid beacons, thereof making reafonable deliverance from time to time at their coming {here, to the treafurer, which for the time (hall be, or to other minifters thereto by him ordained, upon pain of iid. for the weight of every tun, and as much as the faid (hips (hall be of portage. And that all manner of (hips entering to reft at the faid place of Paradife, (hall pay at every their entry there iiii d. fterling. And thereupon it (hall be lawful to them (if they will) to tarry there by four days, with as many nights then next following, without paying any more for their faid entry. And in cafe that they abide longer than fourdays and nights aforefaid, then they (hall pay for every day and night one penny, and for the only day an Halfpenny, ana for the only night an halfpenny. And moreover, that no manner of perfon prefume to fatten any manner (hip or boat by cable, cord, or otherwife to the timber nor to the ftones of the faid beacons nor Paradifey nor to the new Key, otherwife called the Wharf at the fide of the faid port of Calais, upon pain of x. li. to be levied of the (hip, which fo (hall be found fattened.

And that the faid treafurer, which for the time (hall be, (hall have full power by him and his deputies to levy and receive the money of the faid pains incurred and rifing : and thereof to make payment according as (hall need in his office by the view 2	and

Digitized by v^ooQle

vj6

I H.6. cio.

Anno dcdmo Henrici VL [1432*

and controlment of the King’s controller there, which ftatute am'ongft other things made in the fame parliament was revoked and adnulled in the parliament holden at Wejlminfter the first year of King Henry the Fourth, to the great damage and hindrance of the faid works, and to the grievous and importable cofts of the King, if remedy be not haftily provided. And for fo much our fovereign lord the King, by the advice and aflent of the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and alfo of the faid commons being in this parliament, hath ordained and efta-bliihed. That the faid ftatute, made the faid xxi. year, be from henceforth a ftatute effeftual, holden and kept, and put in due execution for ever, according to the tenor of the fame.

CAP. VI.

What procefs Jhall be awarded upon an indiftment removed into the King’s bench.

ITEM, whereas in the parliament holden at Weftmin-fter the eighth pear of the King that now is, it was ordained, That upon every indiftment or appeal, by the which any of the King’s liege people, dwelling in other foreign and divers counties than where fuch indiftment or appeal is or Jhall be taken, of trea-fin, felony, or trefpafs, to be taken hereafter before juftices of peace, or before any other jujlice whatfoever, having power to take fuch indiftments or appeals, or other commiflioners or juflices in any county, franchife, or liberty of England, before any exigent a-warded upon any indiftment or appeal in the form aforefaid to be taken, that prefently after the firjl writ of Capias upon every fuch indiftment or appeal awarded and returned, that another writ of Capias Jhall be awarded, dire fted to the Jheriff of the county, whereof he that is Jo indifted or appealed is or was fuppofed to be converfant by the fame indiftment or appeal, returnable before the fame juftices or commijfioners, before whom he is indifted or appealed, at a certain day, containing the fpace of three ntonths from the date of the fame writ to the return

ITEM come au parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan du reigne noftre feignur le Roi qoreft viiie ordine eftoit qe fur chefcune enditement ou appell par la quell afcuns des lieges du Roi demurrantz en autres countees qe la pu tiel enditement ou appell foit ou ferra pris dc trefon felonie ou trefpafs apprendre en apres devaunt juftices de peas ou devaunt af-cun autre eiant poair de prendre tielx enditementz ou ap-pellez ou autres commiffioners ou juftices en afcun countee fraunchife ou libertee dEngle-terre dqvaunt afcun exigent a-garde fur afcun enditement ou appell en la fourme avauntdite apprendre qe maintenant apres le primer brief de Capias fur chefcun tiel enditement ou appell agarde & retourne qe un autre brief de Capias foit agarde dire<ft al vifcount del countee dount celuy qeft enfy endite ou appelle eft ou fuift fuppofc deftre converfant par mefme lenditement ou appell retoum-able dev^unt mefmes les juftices ou commiflioners devaunt queux il eft endite ou appelle a un certein jour conteignant le-fpace de trois mois del date de mefme

Digitized by v^ooQle

1432.] Anno decimo Henrici VI.	17$

mefme le brief & le retoume return of the fame, as by thefame

dicell come par mefme leftatuit Jlatute plainly appeareth.	(2)

pleinement appiert. Par quell By which claufe of the fame /la-

claufe du dit eftatuit ceftafla- tute, that is to fay, returnable be-

voir retournable devaunt mef- fore the'fame jujlices or commij-

me les juftices ou commiffion- fioners before whom he is inditted

crs devaunt queux il eft endite or appealed, feme do think that

ou appelle afeuns enteridount the writ of Capias ordained by

qe le brief de Capias ordine the faid Jlatute, which Jhalt be

par le dit eftatuit qe ferra dire# dire tied to the Jheriff\ whereof

al vifeount del countee dount he that isfo indiflea or appealed

celuy qeft enfi endite ou ap* is or was juppofed to be converfant

pelle eft ou fuift fuppofe deftre by the fame indictment or appeal,

converfant par mefme lendite- fall be returned before the fame

ment ou appell ferra retoume jujlices or commifftoners, or other,

devaunt mefme les juftices ou before whom the indittment or

commiftioners ou autres de- appeal was taken, and not elfe-

vaunt queux lenditement ou where. (3) And imagining to A confirms-

appell fuift pris & nounpas ail- defraud and make frujlrate the tion of the

lours. Et ymaginantz pur de- faidJlatute, do fue to remove fuch ftatutc 8 H-**

frauder & anientifer le dit efta- indittments ana appeals out of the fng procefsC *

tuitfuent pur remoever tielx en- hands of the jujlices or commif upon indift-

ditementz & appellez hors des fioners aforefaid into the King’s ment* of per-

mains les juftices & cominiflio- bench and elfewhere by Certiora- f<>n»dwe1ling

ners avauntditz en le bank le ri and otherwife, unknown to the counties’^

Roi & aillours par Certiorari & party fo inditted, and thereupon Raft. 51.

autrement les parties enfi en- fue the procefs ufed at the common

ditz ou appellez nient fachantz law before the making of the faid '

& fur ceo fuent procefle ufe a Jlatute in the Kings bench and la commune lev devaunt la fe- elfewhere,af ter the removing^ the faunce du dit eftatuit en le bank great impovefijbing and vexation le Roi & aillours apres tiel re- of the King’s faithful Jubjetts. moevement en graunde empo- (4) Wherefore the fame our verifTement & vexation des loi- lord the King, by the advice alx lieges du Roy. Pur qoy nof- and aflent aforefaid, and at the trefeignur le Roi del advis & af- fpecial requeft of the faid com-fent fufditz & al efpecial requeft mons, by authority aforefaid des ditz communes par au#o- hath ordained. That the, faid, rite fuifdite ad ordine qe le dit ftatute be holden and kept, eftatuit foit tenuz & gardez & and put in due execution in mys en due execution en toutz all points; (5) joined to the IVocefi when pointz adjouftant a icell qe fi famd, that if any fuch indi#- the aforefaid afeuns tielx enditementz prifez, ments taken,'or to be taken, ^ve re-$* ou apprendres devaunt afeuns before any juftices of peace, or moved^into des juftices du peas ou devaunt before any other having power the King> afeun autre eiant poairdepren- to take fuch indictments or bench* dre tielx enditementz ou appell appeals, or other juftices or ou autres juftices ou commif- commiftioners in any county, fioners enafeune countee fraun- franchife or liberty of England, chife ou libertce dEngleterre lhall be removed before the t foient remoevez devaunt le Roi King in his bench or elfe-cn fon bank pu aillours pat where,by Certiorari or other-Vol. III.	Ccrtio-	N	Digjtjzed	wife,	5]

lyi	Anno	decimo	Henriqi	Vf.	t,432»

wife, then after fuch remov- Certiorari ou autrement qe a-ing, before any exigent award- donqcs apres tiel remoevement ed upon any fuch indictment devaunt afcun exigend* agarde or appeal in the form afore- fur afcun tiel enditement ou faid taken, or to be taken, appell en la fourme avauntdite that prefently after the first pris ou apprendre qe mainte-writ of Capias upon every fbch nant apres le primer brief de indictment or appeal awarded Capias fur chefcun tiel endite-and returned, that another ment ou appell agarde & rewrit of Capias be awarded, di- tourne qe un autre brief de ' Tected to the fheriff of the Capias foit agarde dire# al vif-■ county, whereof he that is fb count del countee dount celuy indicted or appealed is or was qeft enditee ou appelle eft ou fuppofed to be converfant by Fuift funpofe deftre converfant the fame indictment or appeal, par meurie lenditement ou ap-retumable before the King in jpelleretournable devaunt leRa* his bench at a certain day, en fon bank a un certein jouk containing the fpace of three cOnteignantlefpacedetroismois months or four from the date ou quatre mois del date del dir of the faid laft writ of Capias, darrein brief de Capias folonc according to the manner and les maner& fourme qe lesjufti-form that the juftices of peace, ces de peas & autres en re dft and other in the faid fim fta- primer eftatuit contenuz. deuf-**	tute contained, ought to have lent avoir fait avaunt tiel remo-

done, before fuch removing evement puis la fefaunce du dit after the making of the faid primer eftatuit Scenouftredeent first ftatute. (6) And if any raire procefle folonc leffect Sc fuch exigent be hereafter a- pur port del dit primer eftatuit. warded upon any fuch indict- Et ft afcun exigende foit agarde-meat or appeal after fuch re • enapres fur afcun tiel endite-moving againft the form a- ment ou appell apres tiel re-forefaia, or afny outlawry there- moevement encountrc la four-upon pronounced, as well the ine avauntdite ou afcun utla-fame exigent fo awarded, is garie fur ceo pronouncie foit the outlawry thereupon to be fibien celle exigende enfi agar-pronounced, and every of them der come lutlagarie fhr ceo a (hall be holden for none and pronouncier & chefcun de eux void, according as in the faid tenuz pur null & voide folonc first ftatute is more fully con- ceo qen le dit primer eftatuit tained.	eft contenuz pluis au plein.

CAP. VIL

AU weals and woolfels that, flail be carried to any other place than to Calais, /&<?// be forfeited to the King and the finder.

Ex edit Raft TTEM, whereas by a ftatute it was ordained, That all the Staple of Ca- A wools, woolfels, hides, lead and tin, and divers other merits.	chandifes pafling out- of the realm of England? the lands of Ire-

la?idy Wales, and Berwick upon Tweedy ought to repair to the ( ftaple of Calaisy and to none other place beyond the fea, to be fold under the governance of the mayor and conftables of the faid ftaple, upon certain pains contained in the faid ftatute, which pains beia eafy and hot doubted, that many take incut-

tom

1432 ]	Anno	decimo	HenRiCi	VI.	*79

tom to carry, and do daily to be carried out of the realm and lands aforefaid, by divers means and ways, a great fubftance of the wools, woolfels, hides, lead and tin, and other merchan-difes, which ought to repair to the faid ftaple, into Scotland and	'

into Flanders Holland, Zealand, and Brabant, without cuftorct • or other charge thereof paying, as is paid for wools repairing to Calais: and alfo by the faid wools and merchandifes lo carried to the faid parts, there cometh no money into this realm of England, nor the fame realm is increafed, nor the mint at Calais fuftained ; and moreover, the fame wools and merchandifes be fold in the fame parts at fo little a price or value* that the merchants aliens be fo greatly enftored of the fame, that they come not to Calais to buy wools and woolfels, as they were accuftomed to do, to the great lofs and damage of our fo-vereign lord the King, and the univerfal damage of his realm, and great hindrance of the utterance of the commodities of the faid realm, repairing and being at the faid town of Calais, as the fame our fovereign lord the King hath conceived at the grievous complaint of the merchants and commons of the realm m this prefent parliament aflembled: our fovereign lord the King, confidering the grievous Ioffes and damages aforefaid-hath ordained. That the value of all fuch goods fo found carried or to be carried to the faid parts, except thofe wools and woolfels, which by our fovereign lord the King be or (hall be licenced : if there be any they lhall be forfeit, whereof the fame our fovereign lord the King (hall have the one half, and the perfon that efpieth and proveth the fame, by the difcretion of the trea-furer and barons of the exchequer, (hall have the other half. And that every man have power by authority of the fame parliament^ to make fuch fearch in every place where it (hall be needful.

In rotulo parliamenti tenti apudWeftm’ duodecimo die Maii anno regni Regis Henrici Sexti poft conqueftum decimo fiat. 2.-f-

ITEM qriedamalia petitio exhibita fuit prefato domino Regi in Pro juftidarii* parliamento predido per prefatos communes pro jufticiariis	&

Xervientibus ad legem & attomato doraini Regis in hec verba Pri- attornat? do-ount les communes a iced prefent parlement affemblez qe pleafe mini regis. a noftre foverain’ feignur le Roi par advis des tres reverentz & tres gracious feignurs a iceft prefent parlement affemblez confi-dercr comcnt les juftices de bank le Roi & del commune bank les juftices as afTifes prendre affignez les fergeantz et lattourney du Roi pur le temps cfteantz devaunt ces hoeures feurent tout temps paiez en mayns de lour fees & regardes du Roi par le$ treforerez,dEngleterre pur le temps efteantz annuelment en les termes de Pafque & feint Michell par ouelles portions tanqe al

+ Mr. Cay obfcrves that this is mentioned as a ftatute in the Old A-bridgment, and called Stetutum per je; but that it teems to have been rcfpited, for it is not entered upon the Statute Roll, and was not pub-iiftied as a itatute.	f

N 2	Digitized	by

Anno undecimo HenrIci VI. [1433,

temps de William Kynwolmerfhe jatarde treforer dEngletterre ef puis qils feurent mys de prendre pur lour payment affigne-mentz des dettours de Roi queux par tiels affignementz a la foitz riens faunz regarde payer ne voillent des queux dettours les ditz juftices fergeauntz & attourne ount eftec & fount tref-malement ou trop tarde & ove grauntes delayes ou jammes payez & outre fouvent fount mys de querer & efpier dettours du Roi des queux ils voillent avoir lour affignementz la ou ils nount ne faunz graunde daunger & diligence avoir poient conifaunce de tielx dettours ne a eux efpier & querer & pur lour payementz treter attendre ne poient faunz lefler faire lour office et fervice a Roi & le poeple deliverer & qe expedient a Roi & a fon poeple ou honefte ou convenient as offices des ditz juftices fergeauntz & attourne neft il mye de querer & efpier les ditz dettours & eux par daungerous mefnes entreter pur lour payment aver queux a la foitz pur ceo faire defiront & demaundont eftre reganlez ou non refonablement favourez encountre le ferement des ditz juftices fergeantz & attourne & de confiderer auxi les graundes & continuelx cottages & expenfes qe les ditz juftices fount ert lour entendaunce en faifant lour ditz offices & fervicez a Roi & le graunde perd*e & damage qils ount de lour fees & gayne de ceo qils fount affignez juftices qamounterount a graunt part pluis qe lour ditz fees & regardes de Roi et for ceo par audorite diced prefent parlement cTordiner qe les ditz juftices fergeantz & attourne de Roi pur le temps efteanrz & chefcun de eux foient paiez es mains de lour ditz fees &c regardes de Roi cn les ditz termes par les mains des treforers dEngleterre pur Je temps efteantz et qe mefmes les treforers foient tenuz a ceo faire par iffint qe les ditz juftices fergeantz & attourne ne covyendra pur la puriiiite de lour ditz payment^ aver de lefler faire lour ditz office & fervice a Roi deliverer le poeple qount a faire en lour offices avauntditz. Qua quidem- petitione in parliamento predido leda audita & intelleda de avifatnento & aflenfu predidis ‘prefate petitioni taliter fuit refponfum fiat prout petitur.

Statutes made at Wejlminftert 11 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1433*

OUR fovtreign lord the Kingr at his parliament balden at Weftm’nfter the eighth day of July, the eleventh year of his reign, to the reverence of God, and for the weal of the people of his realm, by the qffent of the lords fpiritual 'and temporal, and at the Jpecial requeft of the commons of his realm in his faid parliament ajfembled by authority of the fame parliament, bath ordained and JiabtiJbed divers Jlatutes, deck-

NOSTRE feignur le Rojr a fort parlement tenuz a Weftro* le viij. jour de Jule lan defon regne urxzifmea la reverence de Dieu & pur le bien dti poeple de fon roiime del advis & aflentdes feignurs efpirituelx & temporelx de mefme le roialmc & a la efpeciale requeft dez communes de fon dit rojalme. en fon dit roialme efteantz par audorite de mefme ' le parlement ad fait ordeigne

Digitized by

k

1433*1 Anno undedmo Henrici VI.

& eftable certeins eftatuitz de- declaration*, and ordinances, in clarations & ordenaunccs cn la	form following,

fourme qenfuit.

i9t

CAP. I.

fthey that dwell at the flews in Southwark JhaU not he impanelled in juries, nor keep any inn or tavern but there.

FIRST, forafmuch as our faid fovereign lord the King, at the Exedit, Raft.

grievous complaint to him made by his faid commons in the fame parliament, hath conceived, that divers perfons 'of 3 great poverty, without confcience and of an evil governance, now and late dwelling in a place fufpe<fted, called the Stews, in StcwI* the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry, as well by the receipt of common women, thieves, mankillers, and adulterers, as by murder and privy robberies, as well by themfelves as by many other there harboured without pity, loyalty, and gooa confcience there done, have fuddenly come to great riches, by which they have purchafed great livings of lands and tenements, to great yearly values : and becaufe of their fufficiency of freehold fo purchafed, they have been returned by the (heriff of the faid county and other bailiffs in inquefts, as well for felony and trefpafs between the King and the party, and party and party, as in affizes and other pleas of land before the King’s juftices in his courts, and before the ftewards and marfhal of tiis houfe, whereby divers diiheritances and wrongful condemnations of many lawful lieges of our fovereign lord the King have been had, and many murderers and notorious thieves have been faved, great murders and robberies concealed and not punifhed, and hovf the perfons fufpetfed inhabit them in common hofteries and taverns in the highway of the fame borough, there receiving thieves, common women, and other mifdoers, in like manner as they did in the faid fufpe&ed place of the frews: Our fovereign lord the King confidering the premises, end that fuch people without confcience be defamed, and may not of reafon be intending to bear witnefs of truth there where truth fhould be inquired, hath ordained and eftablilhed, That if any fuchperfon be returned by any (heriff, bailiff, or other mi-nifter of our faid fovereign lord the King in the faid county of Surry, or by any officer before the fteward and marfhal of our fovereign lord the King’s houfe, as well for the King as for the party, at all times from henceforth he may be challenged, and Challenge, the challenge in that part allowed for the caufe before faid. And , alfo for to avoid murders, robberies, and adulteries that might by likelyhood happen, it is ordained. That no Huch perfon. Tavern, which hath dwelled at the faid ftews, be fuffered to hold any Southwark* common hoftery or tavern in other place within the faid borough of Southwark, but only at the faid ftews. And that the juftices of peace in the fame county (hall have power to inquire of all them that hold hofteries aad taverns, and them to punifh by fine and ranfom, ^nd by imprifonment of then bodies, after the

fiifcretioq of the (aid juftices.

N3

CAP

Digitized by

Anno undecimo HeneiCi VI. [1433.

The penalty where the (heriff is named difi feilor in an aflife to the intent that }ie (hall not execute the writ.

CAP,

The penalty when a Jkeriff is

ITEM, JVbereas Jeveralper-forts do oftenfue ajffcs of Novel difleiftn before juftices affixed again/} divers perfons, and by craft and collufion, to have their writs of their faid affifes dire fled to the coroners of the counties where the tenements be, to make execution of the faid writs, do name in their faid affifes the Jhcriff of the fartie county one of the dff-jfeifirs, where he is not, neither ever was diffeifor or tenant of the tenements in demand, whereby oftentimes the faid ajffes be awarded by the default of the tenants which have no knowledge of thofe affifes, for that they found not any ajfife againjl them in the file of the Jhcriff \ nor have any fufpicion of any fuch a fife taken again ft the Jkeriff and them \ (2) our lord the King> willing in this cafe to provide remedy, of the af-fent and authority aforefaid, hath ordained. That in all fuch affifes purchased, at this time depending, or hereafter to be purchafed, between any perfons whatsoever they be, before any fuch juftices, m which affifes any Rich (heriffis named diffeifor, if the tenants in the faid affifes or any of them will aver, that the faid Sheriff is not, nor ever was, diffeifor, nor tenant of the tenements in demand* but was named diffeifor bv collufion, the averment (hall be received. (3) And if it be found by the faid affife, that the faid fheriff is not, nor ever was, diffeifor nor tenant of the tenements in demand, but was named diffeifor by collufion, then the faid juftices (hall caufe to be abated and quafhed the faid writ purchafed, or to be purchafed m the form above-fiudj

. II.

named a diffeifor in an affife,

ITEM come divers gentz fovent foitz fuent affiies de Novell difleifyn devaunt juftices affignez envers diverfez

{>erfones & par fubtillite & col-ufion pur avoir lour brefs de loures ditz affifes dire<5lz as coroners dez countees ou les te-nementz fount pur faire execution dicell brefe fount nomer en loures ditz affifes le vifeount de mefme le counte une dez diffeifoures lou il neft ne unqes fuift diffeifour ne tenaunt dez tenementz en demaUnde pa-rount fovent foitz lez ditz affifes fount agardez par defaute dez tenantz quex nount my conufaunce de ceux affifes en tant qils ne trovent my afeun affife envers eux en la felace de vifeount & nount afeune fufpecion de afeune tie! affife priz envers le vifeount & eux noftre feignur le Roi voillant en ceo cas purvoir de remedie del affent & audiorite fuifditz ad ordeigne qen tous tiels affifes purchafez & a prefent pendantz ou a purchasers defore ena-vaunt parentre queconqes per-fones devaunt afeuns tieux juftices en quex affifes afeune tiel vifeount foit nomez deffeifour fi lez tenantz en lez ditz affifes ou afeun de eux voil averrer qe le dit vifeount neft ne unqes fuift difieifour ne tenaunt dez tenementz en demaunde mais fuift nomc difieifour par collufion foit laverrement receuz. Et fi trove foit par la dit affife qc ledit vifeount ne foit ne unqes fiiit difieifour ne tenaunt dez tenementz en demaunde mais fuift nome difieifour par caution adonqes lez ditz juftices facent abater & cafler te dit brief purclvafe ou purchafer

Digitized by Google

en la fourme fuifdit & qe lez pleintifs ou plcintife foient ou loit en le greve mercy ie Roi.

Anno undccimo Henrici VL

faid $ (4) and that the plaintiffs] or plaintiff be in the grievous mercy of the King.



CAP. HI.

yfo djfifc, &c. maintainable againft the pernor of the profits.

ITEM come par eftatuit fait lan quart le Roy Henry pier noftre feignur le Roi quo-reft entre autfcs ordene foit qe ]es diffeifez eient lour adtion en-vers lez diffeifoures durant la vie meftnes lez diffeifoures pa-renfi qe tiels lez diffeifoures ent preigne lez profettes al temps iiel lute commence ficorae en mefme leftatuit eft contenuz pluis au plein. Le quell efta-tut folonqe loppjnion dez plu-fours ad efte entenduz es brefg daftifes de Novel diffeiftn tant-(blement & C graundement mefchefe eft a les parties de-tnaundantz en autres briefs fuez & founduz fur Novell diffeiftn come en affffe. E* voillant par tant meftne noftre feignur le Roi tous maners op-pinions & doutes en ceft parte ceffer ad ordene par laffent & au&orite fuifditz qen tous ma-ners dez briefs fonduz fur le Novell difleiftn lez defteifez eient lourrecoverer fils voillent par tiels briefs envers lez diffeifoures ou lour feffees auxi-bien come ils averoient en af-fife de Novell diffeiftn pariflint qe mefmes lez diffeifoures ou lour feffees vers qui ou quex le brefe ferra porte ent pregne ou pregnent lez profettz al temps del bref purch ace nient eontrefteant afcuns dons ou fcffementz faitz as autres pcr-fones pur delaier lez demaun-dantz.

CAP. IV.

The plaintiffs in attaint jhall recover their ccfts and damages.

ITEM noftre feignur le Roi TTEM cur hrd the King, by

par la grevoufe complcint JL ike grievous complaint of his Jay$\hat wet

ITEM, IVhereas by a Jlatute 4 H. 4. c. 7.

made the fourth year of the reign of King Henry, grandfather of our hrd the King that now is, amongfl other things it was ordained, That the difiiifees 'jhall /save their aflions again// the diffeifors during the lives of the dijfeifors, fo that fuch diffeifors thereof lake the profits at the time of the fuit commenced, as in the fame Jlatute is contained more at large.	The which jlatute,

according to the opinion of many7 hath been intended in writs of cjjife of Novel diffeiftn only, and as great mifebief it is to the parties demandants in other writs fued and grounded upon Novel diffeiftn, as in affife.	(2)	As wet! other

Wherefore our lord the King,	?R

willing all manner of opinions and doubts in that behalf to againft the ceafe, hath ordained by the pernor of the affent and authority aforefaid, profits.

That in all manner of writs grounded upon Novel dijfeifin, the difleifees (hall have their recoveries, if they will, by fuch writs, againft the diffeifors or . their feoffees, as well as they fhall have in aflife of Novel dip-fieifin, fo that the fame diffeifors, or their feoffees, againft whom the writihall be brought, thereof take the profits at the time 1 R. t. c. of the writ purchafcd, notwith- 1 H. 7- c. 1. Handing any gifts or feoff- *7 H. 8. e.u* aments made to other perfons for to delay the demandants.

dez

N*

com-

Digitized by

Google

184

\n attaint at the common law.

Anno undecimo

commons, confidering the mifchiefs had within the realm, end yet not remedied, and alfo the great damage and difherifon that cometh by the dual perjury of jurors impanelled upon inquefts, as well in the courts of our lord the Kingy as of other, the which perjury doth abound and increafe daily more than it was wonty for the great gifts that fuch jurors take if the parties in pleas fued in the faid courts; (2) wherefore the greater part of people that have to fue in the faid courts, leave their flits for the mifchiefs aforefaid, ayid namely in rcfptR of the delays that be in the writs of attaints \ for that in times paft in writs'of attaints, when the grand jury had appeared in courts and were ready to pafsy one of the tenants or defendants^ or of the petty jurors named in fuch writs y feme-time have pleaded falfe ana faint pleasy which were not triable by the grand jury of the attaint, and by that means delayed the taking of fuch grand juries until fuch pleas were tried. And after fuch fleas tried and found for the plaintiffsy another of the jurors, tenantSy or defendantsy might plead another fuch falfe and faint plea after the lajl continuance in the fame attaints, and fo every of the defendant Syjuror Sy or tenant s% after other, might plead fuch falfe and faint pleay and delay the grand jury when it was ready to pafs;

(3)	and though that all fuch falfe and faint picas were found again/} them which plcadedy no pain zOas given them by the common lawy

(4)	in regard of which defers, the .. grand juries in attaints have been

often grievoufy vexed and travel-ledy and the plaintiffs in fu(h attaints put to fo great coJlSy and thereby impcverijhedy that they wild not profecuie their faid fuitSy wherefore the jurors be the more

tn-

Henrici VI. [1433.

dez fez communes confiderant lez graundes mefehefs ewez deinz le roialme & unquore nient remedez & auxi le graunde damage & difheretifon

Savient par le ufuell peijure ez jurroures enpanellez en enqueftes fibien en lez courtes du Roi come dautres la quell peijure habunde & encrecc de jour en autre pluis qe foloit pur lez graundes dounes que ticls jurrours pregnent de lez parties es plees fuez en lez ditz courtes a taunt qe le greindre partie dez gentz qount a fuer en lez ditz courtes leflent lour futes par lcnchefon fuifdit & nomement a caufe qe lez delates que fount en lez briefs datteintes purceo qe avaunt cez heures en briefs datteint quant le graunde jure ad apparue en court ic fuift preft de patter* un dez tenantz ou defendantz ou des petites jurrours nomez en tielx briefs a le foith ount ple-des feintes & fauxes plees quex ne fuerent triablez par la graunde jure de latteint & par celle caule delaiez la pries dez tielx graundes iuriees tan-que dels plees fuerent triez. Et apres tielx plees triez Sc trovez pur le pleintifs une autre dez jurrours tenauntz ou defendantz purront pleder une autre tiel fauxe & feinte plee puis la darrein continuance en mefmes lez atteintez. Et iflint chefcune dez defendantz ju-rours ou tenantz apres lautre purroit pleder tie! fauxe Ac feinte plee & delaier la graunde juriee quant il fuift preft de patter. Et combien qe* tous tielsfaux & feinte plees- furent trovez envers eux qui eux pie-derent nulle peine fuift done envers eux par la commune ley a caufe dez quex delaiez lez graundes jurrees cn atteintes ount:

Digitized by VjOOQLC

1433*1 Anno undecimo Henrici VI. ~

ount cite fovent grcvoufement encouraged to be perjured, and to

vexez & laBorez & lez pleintifs cn tiels atteintz myz a fi graunde collages & cnfi en-poverez qils ne purroient fuer avaunt lours ditz fuites par que lez jurrours ount efte meulx embaudez deftre perjurez & fair faux ferementz en tielx cafes. Et voillant fur cco noftrc dit feignur le Roi purvoier de rcmedic a la requeit dez ditz communes & de laffent des feignurs defuifditz ad ordenei & eftable qe les parties pleintifs en tous tiels atteintez reco-verount lour damages & coftages envers tous tielx tenauntz jurrours & defendants qils ount fuftenez en cele partie.

make their falfe oaths in fuch cafes:

(5)	Our faid lord the King, willing thereof to provide remedy, at the requeit of the faid commons, and by the affent of the lords abovesaid, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That the parties plaintiffs in all fuch attaints (hall recover their damages and cofts againft all fuch tenants, jurors, and defendants, which they have fuftain-ed in that behalf; and that this ftatute extend as well to writs of attaints now hanging, as to writs of attaints to be purchaf-ed hereafter.

Et qe ceft eftatuit foy extende

185

23 H. 8. c. 3.

The plaintiff in attaint (hall recover his colts and da^ mages againft the jurors, tenants, and defendants.

auxibien as briefs datteintz ore pendantz come as briefs datteintz a purchaferez en temps avenir.

CAP. V.

Tie remedy where a tenant grant eth over bis eft ate, taketb the profits, and commit teth wafte.

ITEM pur ceo qe lou diver-fes gentz devaunt cez heures ount leflez lour terres & tene-mentz as diverfes perfones cef-taffavoir a terme de vie ou a terme dautre vie & afeunes a terme dez anz lez ditz tenauntz fovent foitz ount graunte & leffe lour eftate quex avoient en Jez ditz terres Sc tenementz a plufoureS perfones al entent qe ceux en la reveriion ceftaf-favoir lour lefloures lours heires ne lour affignes ne dueent avoir conufaunce des loures nounes & puis lez ditz premer tenauntz continuel-ment occupient lez ditz terres & tenementz & ent pregnent lez profettes a lour propre ufe & en lez ditz terres & tenementz fount waft & deftruc-tion a d'rfherit^unce de ceux en !a reverfion ordeigne eft Sc eftable qe ceux en la reverfion cn tiel cas purroient avoir Sc main-

ITEM, Becaufe that divers people in times paft have let their lands and tenements to divers perfons, that is to fay, fome for term of life or of another man’s life, andfomefor term of years,the Jaid tenants have oftentimes let and granted their ejtate which they had in the fame lands and tene-ments, to many perfons, to the intent that they in the reverfion, that is to faj, their lejfors, their 5 Co. 77. heirs, or their affigns, might not have knowledge of their names, and after the fatd first tenants continually occupy toe faid lands and tenements, and therefore take the profits to their proper ufe, and in the faid lands and tenements commit wafte and deflruftion, to	*

the dijheritance of them in the reverfion : (a) It is ordained and A remedy for eftablifhed. That they in the Mm m rever-reverfion in fnch eafe m»v heve -and maintain a writ of wafte or yeari againft the faid tenants for granteth over term

,	Digitized by Google

i8(>

his eftate, ta-keth the profits and com-mitteth wafte,

A provife for him that hold-etb hh term, without impeachment of wafte*

i Ed. 6. c. j.

Anno undecimo Henricj VI. F 1433.

term of life, of another’s life, or for years, and fo recover a-, gainft them the place wafted, and their treble damages, for the wafte by them done, as they ought to have done for the wafte committed by them before the faid grant and leafe of their eftate. (3) Provided always. That this ordinance hold not place, but where the first tenants before the leafe and grant of their laid eftates, in the manner and form afore-faid, were punilhableof wafte; (4) and alfo where*after the laid grant and leafe the faid first tenants of the faid lands and tenements take the profits at the time of the wafte done, to their own proper ute. (5) And this ordinance fhall extend at well to wafte by fuch tenants done before this ordinance, as after.

maintenere brief de waft en* vers lez ditz tenauntz a term* de vie dautre vie & dez anz & iflint recoverer envers eux le lieu wafte be lours trebles da* mages pur le waft iflint par eux fait ficomc ils dueent avoir fait pur le waft par eux fait devaunt lez ditz graunte & lefle de lour eftate. Purvcu tout* foitz qe cele ordenaunce ne teigne lieu forfque lou lez pre* mers tenauntz devaunt lez lefle & le graunte de lour dit eftate en le manere & fpurme fuifditz fuerent punisfhablez de waft et auxi lou apres le ditz graunt & lefle lez ditz premers te-nauntz dez ditz terres & tene-mentz pregnent lez profettes a lour propre opfe demefixe aj temps de waft fait. Et qp ceft ordenance foy extende auxibien al waft par tielx tenauntz fait devaunt ceft ordenance come apres.

CAP. VI.

No fait fending before any juftices, dzc.Jhall be difcontinued by a new commtffion.

ITEM, Our lord the King confidering the great lojfes and damages which oftentimes have come, and be likely to com hereafter, as well to himfelf as to many of bis lieges, for that where as well divers indictments and falls for our lord the King, as other fails between party and party, have been taken h/Jore divers juft iices of the peace, ajjigned by fever ral commfaons of our faid lord thje King in divers counties of England, and divers pleas and procafes upon thofe indictments have of ten been made, and hanging before the fame juftices not determined, the which picas and precedes have been o ften difcontinued, by making of new commifms of the peace tn thofe comities, to the great loft of our faid lord the King 2	and

ITEM noftre feignur le Roi coqfiderant lez graundes percles & damages que fovent foitz ount avenuz & verifem-blablement avenderount apres fibien a luy mefmes come as plufours dez fez lieges deceo qe la ou fibien diverfez enditq-mentz & futes pur noftre feignur le Roi come autres futes parentre partfc & parte ount efte prifez devaunt diverfez juftices de pees aflignez par diverfez commiflions de Roi en diverfez countes dEngleterre & diverfes plecs & procefles fur-icelles enditementz ount fovent efte faitez & jpendantz devaunt mefmes les juftices nient determines lez quex plees & procefles fovent ount efte difcoq-tenuz pay faifaunces de nove/1 com*

Digitized by VjOOQ 1C

commifilons du pees en icel- and of his fubjefts, in delay of the

les countes a graunde perde fame pleas and fuits, and of the

noftre dit feignur le Roi & dez deliverance of his faid fubjefts;

fez lieges & en retardation dez (2) And upon that our lord No fiiit before

mefmes lez plees & futees & the King willing to provide re^ any juftices or

de la deliveraunce dez fez ditz medy, of the alfent and author

lieges. Et fur ceo noftre dit rity aforefaid, hath ordained continued *

feignur le Roi voillant purvoier and eftablilhed, That in all by a new com-

de remedie de laffent & auCto- fuch pleas, fuits and precedes, miflion.

rite fuifditz ad ordene & eftable in them to be taken and to be

qen tous tielx futes & plees & made before juftices of the

proces en icelles apprendres & peace in any county of England,

affaires devaunt juftices de pees the faid pleas and precedes in

en afeune counte dEngleterre fuch fuits to be done, (hall not

lez ditz plees & proces en tiels be difeontinued by fuch new

futes affaires ne foient my dif- commiffions of the peace to b$

contenuz par tiels novell com- made, but thofe pleas and pror

midions de pees affaires mes cedes (hall (land in their force,

eftoient mefmes lez plees & (3) And the juftices in the

precedes en lour force. Et lame new commidlons fo afe

cient lez juftices de mefmes lez figned, after that they (hall

novell commidions end adig- have the records of the fame

jiez apres ceo quils averount pleas and precedes before them#

lez recordes dez ditz plees & (hall have power and autho-

procedfes devaunt eux poair & rity to continue the faid pleas

au&orite dez lez ditz plees & and precedes ; and the feme

{>rocedes continuer & mefmes pleas and precedes, and all that ez plees & precede & tous lez depend upon them, to hear and dependantz dicelles oier & fi- finally to determine, as the 1 nalment determiner ficome lez other juftices might and ought	^

autres juftices purrount & duif- to have done of and in the fent avoir fait de & en icelles fi fame, if no new commiifion null novell commiflion cuft had been made, efte fain

C A P. VII.

The ftatute of 0 H. VI. c. 7- which rejlraineth the Jberijf of the county of Hereford to take money by extortion, &c. revived for three years.

ITEM, Whereas in the parliament holden at Wejlminfter the Ex edit. Raft.

Friday next before the feaft of Saint Hillary, the ninth year of our fovereign lord the King that now is, for the great mif-chiefs and intolerable oppreffions done to his lieges of thje counpr of county of Hereford, by increachings and extortions done by the lherifts of the faid county for the time being, late begun and wrongfully continued, for that the faid lhenffs in their turns, sherifis turns, and in otner places after their turns holden and ended, in the which other places they have no authority nor power by their office to take any inquiry or inqueft, they have taken divers inquiries, inquefts of office, and indictments of labourers, craftsmen, and other divers things ordained by ftatute to be inquired before juftices and commiffioncrs of peace, and that in no man-

ncr C ogle

Digitized by '

x 88

Anno undecimo Henrici VI. [1433.

ncr belong nor pertain to be inquired by fuch (heriffs, in their turns, nor in any other place before them, and the which (heriffs by force of fuch inquiries, inquefts of office and indictments not duly nor lawfully taken before the faid (heriffs in their turns and without, ana for the not coming of the faid liege people to the faid turns, the faid (heriffs did take wrongfully to their proper ufe of divers of the faid liege people fines and amerciaments of x. li. and other great fums, in great oppreffion, undoing and deftrueftion of many poor people of the faid lieges, if remedy fhould not be haftily provided in that behalf, by confideration of which mifehief it was ordained bv the authority of the faid parliament. That no fheriff nor unaerfheriff of the faid county, from the faid Friday, then forward, by colour of his office, fhould take any inquiry, inqueft of office, or indictment in his turn, that ought not by the law to be taken in his turn, nor that he by colour of his office (hould take any inquiry, inqueft of office, or indidhnent in any other place after his turn holden and ended, nor that he fhoula take of any of the faid lieges of our fovereign lord the King any fines or amerciaments for any thing or caule that do not belong to his turn or office, nor any fuch heinous or grievous amerciament of any of the faid lieges againft reafon for default of coming to the faid turn or to other place, or for other caufe by colour of his office, upon pain of forty pounds by him to be paid to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs ana fucceflors, as often as fuch meriff or underfheriff thereof or of any article thereof be duly convict at the fuit of our fovereign lord the King, or of the party grieved that will fue as well tor the King as for himfelf. And that the party that •will fue in fuch cafe have the half of the faid fum, together with his double damages to his proper ufe. And that the party in this cafe grieved have power by the authority of the faid parliament to fue in this behalf againft fuch (heriffs and under-(heriffs, as well for the King as for himfelf as before is faid. And that the juftices of peace of the fame county for the time being, have power and authority to inquire, hear and determine fuch mifprifions and offences, as well at the fuit of our fovereign lord the King as of the party that will fue for the King and for himfelf. And that this ordinance indure for three years then next enfuing: Our fovereign lord the King, confidering the faid ordinance to be profitable for him and his people of the faid county, hath ordained by authority of this prefent parliament, that the faid ordinance (hall (land in his force and effect for three years next enfuing.

CAP. VIII.

i H. 5. c. is.

A confirmation of aU ftatutes made touching weights and \	meafures.

ITEM, TPhereas in the parliament holden at Weftminfter

the fir ft year of King Henry, father of cur lord the King that now is, ir iva: erdained. That all the fiatutc/

ITEM come en le parle-ment tenuz a Weftm’ lan

premer de Roi Henri pier nof-tre feignur le Roi quoreft or-dene fuift qe tous lez efta-tuit*

Digitized by

Google

tuitz & ordenances dez me-fures dez blees deuflent eftre fermement tenuz & garduz fo-lonque lenfedt dicells. Et qe null dez purvoiours de Roi nautre ne duiflent cn apres ne de celle temps enavaunt achater ne prendre afcuns blees par autre mefure finon par viij. buf-felx rafez pur le quarter et qe null ferroit tenuz autrement a deliverer pur le quarter finon viij. buflelx rafez purle quarter come devaunt eft dit et auxint qe paiement ferroit fait prefte-ment pur le cariage dicelles. Et qe ft afcun purveiour ou autre perfone dicelle temps enavaunt acchateroit ou purve-roit afcuns blees autrement ou par autre mefure finon viij. buflelx pur le quarter come avaunt eft dit & de ceo ferroit atteint averoit lcnprifonement dun an & qil paieroit au Roi C. s. Sc a parte que fe fente greve autre C. s. & ceo atant dez foitz qe afcune de ceux de ceo ferroit atteint. Et qe la parte qe voudroit fuer averoit ent adtion founduz fur la cas. Et qe lez juftices de la pees duiflent avoir poair denquerer & plee tenere dez touz lez cho-fes avauntditz & fur ceo de faire punifhement fibien al fuit de Roi come de parte. Et qe de celle temps enavaunt riens ferroit priz pur le mefurage dez tiels blees en afcune ma-nere. Et nient obftant afcuns ordenances & eftatutz fibien lez piftours & tous autres mar-chantz & achaitours deins le franchifes & cite de Londres come lez purveiours le Roi dez blees & touz autres march-auntz & communes achatours de blees en plufours citees vil-les burghes & countees dEng-leterre continuelement de jour autre achatcnt & pregnent

Jlatutes and ordinances made of meafures of com should be firmly holden and kept after the effeft of the fame-, (2) and that no purveyors of the King, nor of other, should not after that time forth buy nor tale any corn or other meafure, but by eight bujlnls Jlr'iken for the quarter, and that none should be bound otherwife to deliver for the quarter but eight bujhels ftriken for the quarter, as before is faid, (3) and alfo that payment Jhall be made prefently for the carriage of the fame, (4) And that if any purveyor of our lord the King, or of other perfon, from that time forward do buy or purvey any corn otherwife, or by other meafure, than by eight bujhels Jlr'iken for the quarter, as before is faid, and of that be attainted* he Jhall have one year's imprifon-me tit y and Jhall pay to the King an" hundred Jhillings, and to the party that feeleth him grieved another hundred Jhillings \ and that as of ten as any of them Jhall be thereof attainted; (5) and that the party that willfue Jhall have thereof an action grounded upon the cafe. (6) And that the jujlices of peace Jhall have power to inquire and to hold plea of all the things aforefaidy and thereupon to affign punijbment, as tve/l at the Juit of the King as of the parly; (7) and that from toe fame time forward nothing should be taken for the meafuring of fuck corn in any manner.	(8)	And

notwithfianding thefaid ordinances and Jldtuteiy as well the bakers, ana all other merchants and buyers within the franchife and city of London, as the King's purveyors of corny and all other merchants and common buyers of corn in many other cities, towns, boroughs, and counties of England, continually from day to dai, do buy and take nine bujhels for the quarter, that is to fay, the ba-

hn$

Digitized by *

Anno undecimo Henrici VI.

[H33-

itrSy buyers, and merchants within the city and franchifes of Lon-A meafure in don, by a vejfel called the Fat, th^Fat ^ d wntainelh eight hujhels of torn with another bujlul of corn put to that for a quarter, and make the fellers of the fame corn againjl their will to pay one half peny for the meafuring of every quarter, and all the other purveyors, buyers, and merchants of corn, nine bujhels flriken for the quarter, againjl the form of the faid ordinance and Jlatute, and in contempt of our lord the Kingy for that the faid ordinances and Jla-lutes be not proclaimed nor put in execution, nor the faid penalties andforfeitures, limited by the faid fatuity levied according to the effeil of the fame ftatute. {9) Our faid lord the King, willing the fame ftatute and ordinance to be duly holden and kept, by the aflent and authority above faid, hath ordained, Aconfirma- That as well the faid ftatute, tipn of the as the ftatute of weights and o meafures, made at the parlia-& 8 H. 6. 6 $. ment of our lord the King that touching now is, the eighth year of his weights and reign, be proclaimed, as well meafures. jn t^e cjty 0f London^ as in all other cities, boroughs, and counties of England, and put in due execution after the form and effedt of the fame; (10) joining to the faid ftatute made the faid eighth year, that in every city, borough, and town There (hall be of tne realm, there fhall be a a common bu- common bufhel fealed, and ac-town!1 CVer/ corc*ingt0 the ftandard of the 11 H. 7. c. 4. exchequer, in the fame manner and form, and upon the fame pain, as in the fame ftatute is fpecified, and a common balance to be in every fuch city, borough and town, (ji) And that the mayor of the faid city of London, and all other mayors of all other cities and boroughs

of

noef buflelx pur le quarter cef-taflavoir lez piftours achatours & merchants deins le fraun-chifes & cite de Londres par une veflell appelle le fat que contient viij. buflelx dez blees ove un autre buflell myz a icell pur une quarter & fount lez vendours dez ditz blees en-countre lour volunte de paier une maile pur le mefurage de chefoun quarter & tous lez au-tres purveours achatours & merenantz dez ditz blees noef buflelx rafez pur le quarter encountre la fourme dez ditz ordenances & eftatuitz & en contempt du Roi a caufe qe lez ditz eftatuitz &ordenaunces ne fount my proclaymez ne myz en execution ne lez ditz peynes & forfaitures par le dit eftatuit limitez levez folonque lenfedl de mefme leftatut. Noftre dit feignur le Roi voil-lant mefmes Teftatuit & ordenances eftre duement tenuz & garduz par aflent & audtorite fuifditz ad ordene qe fibien les ditz eftatuitz come leftatuit dez poies & mefours faitz au parlement noftre dit feignur le Roi quoreft !an de fon regne viii. foient proclaymez fibien en la dite cite de Londres come en tous autres citees burghes & countes dEngletfcrre & myz en due execution folonque la fourme & lenfedt dicelles adjouftant a dit eftatuit fait le dit an viij. qen chefcun cite burgh on ville du roialme foit une commune buflell enfeale & accordant a leftandard de lefchekkcr en mefme la manere & fourme & fur mefmes les peines come en mefme leftatuit eft fpecifie de une commune balaunce a eftre en chcfcune tiel cite burgh ou ville. Et qe le mair de dit cite de Londres & tous autres -mairs dez tous autres citees

hi

Digitized by

Google

191

& burghs dEngleterre ou il y ad mair & tous baillifs dez citees & burghes ou mair neft & tous juftices du pees de chef-cun counte dEngleterre pur les temps efteant eit & eient plein poair de mettre tous lez fta-tuitz & ordenances avauntditz en due execution & de oire & terminere tous lez defautes mefprifions offenfes & trefpas encountre la fourme & lenred dez ditz eftatuitz & ordenances faitz ou affaires ou perpetrez libien al fuit du Roi come de parte qen ceo cas fe lent greve et de chefcun autre lieges du Roi qeh celle parte voill fuer pur le Roi et ceo fibien par examination dez parties ou af-cune deux folonque la difcre-tion dez ditz mairs baillifs 6c juftices de peas come par iflues a trier par inquisitions due-ment apprendre 6c autres plees et procefles dela ley de la terrc et qe fibien la parte greve come chefcun liege de Roi qui fuer voill pur le Roi eit la fuit en ceb cas a fa volunte. Et qe celly qui iflint foit atteint daf-cune defaute mefpriflon offenfes ou trefpas fait encountre le dit eftatuit fait le dit an premer paie a cely a qui fute il foit atteint C. s. & lez collages refonablez de fa dit fuit 6c au Roi autre C. s. Et qe fibien le mair de Loundrcs pur le temps efteant apres ceo qil foit efiuz mair & jure deins la dit citee a fon premer venue a lef-cheker devant le treforer dEngleterre & lez barons de lefchek-ker noftre feignur le Roi com chefcune dez ditz autres mairs & baillifs en lours ferementz affairez pur lours ditz offices foit charge & jure de faire gar-der & executer tous. leftatuitz fuifditz. Et qe tous lez mairs ic baillifs dez citees 6c burghes

of England where there is a mayor, and all bailiffs of cities ana boroughs where there is no mayor, and all juftices of peace in every county of England for the time \>eing, lhall have full power to put all the ftatutes and ordinances afore-faid in due execution, and to hear and determine all the defaults, miforifions, offences, and trefpafies againft the form and effedl of the faid ftatutes and ordinances done, or to be done or committed, as well at the fuit of the King, as of the party which in fuch cafe feel-eth himfelf grieved, and of any othel* of the King’s liege people, which in this behalf will fue for the King, and that as Vvell by examination of the parties, or any of them, according to the diferetion of the faid mayors, bailiffs, and juftices of peace, as by iffues to to be tried, by inquifitions duly to be taken, and other pleas and procefles of the law of the-land; (12) and that as well the party grieved, as any other liege man of the King, that will fue for the King, (hall have the fuit in that cafe at his will; (13) and that he that is fo attainted of any default, mifprifion, offence, or frefpafs done againft the faid ftatute made the faid lirft year, fhaH pay to him at whofe fuit he is thereof attainted, C s. and his reafonable cofts of the faid fuit, and to the King another Cs. (14) And that as well AU mayor* the mayor of London for the ?n<J. time being, after that he is ^executetS chofen mayor, andfworn with- forefaid flat, in the faid city, at his first touching coming to the exchequer be- we,Shts fore the tfeafurer of England^ me ****1 and the barons of the King’s exchequer, as every of the fafd

Digitized by

192	Anno	undecimo	Henrici	VI.	[1433.

other mayors and bailiffs, in du roialme accoumptantz en their oaths to be made for their le dit efchequer facent annuel -faid offices, (hall be charged ment acompt en mefme lef-and (worn to do, keep, and chekker dez profettes & for-execute all the ftatutes above faitures que apperteigner puif-And account faid.	And that all the fent ou duiffent a Roi par I3

accrued^o°aic mayors anc^ bailiffs of cities forme dez ditz eftatuitz favant KingbyHieC anc* boroughs of the realm, tout foitz as feignurs cites & loreuid7llat. accomptable in the faid exche- burghs loures libertees et quer, do yearly aCcompt in the fraunchifes grauntez a eux par faid exchequer of the profits noftre dit leignur le Roi ou and forfeitures that may or afeune dez fez progenitours ought to pertain to our lord nient revokez repellez ou a-the King by the form of the nientz et favant tous foitz qc faid ftatutes. (16) Saving al- le dit eftatuit fait le dit an way to lords, cities, and bo- premer de Roi Henry quint & roughs, their liberties and fran- tous autres eftatuitz des me-chifcs granted to them by our fures h poies avaunt faitz ef-faid lord the King, or any of toient en lour force, his progenitors, not revoked,

repealed, or adnulled; (17) and faving always. That the faid fta-tute made the first year of King Henry the Fifth, and all other ftatutes of meafures and weights afore made, (land in their force.

CAP. IX.

Of what length and breadth cloths called Streits Jhall be.

T.% edit. TTEM, Whereas a ftatute made in the feventeenth year of Pulton. JL King Richard the Second after the conqueft, it was ordain-17 R. ». c. 1. That every man of the realm might make and fet to fale and fell cloths, as well kerfies as other, of fuch length and breadth as him pleafed, paying the aulnage, fubfidy, and other devoirs, that is to fav, or every piece of cloth after the rate, notwithftanding any uatute, ordinance, proclamation, reftraint or defence made to the contrary, (2) and that none fell nor put to fale any cloths before they be meafured by the King's 7 H 4. c. 10. aulneger, and enfealed with the feal thereunto ordained, upon pain contained in the ftatutes thereof made, (3) and after in ftat. made inthefeVenthyear of King Henry the Fourth, grandfather of the lord the King that now is, it was all'o ordained. That the cloth of colour (hould contain in length eight and twenty yards meafured by the back, and in breadth fix quarters 11H. 4. c 6. and a > (4) an(^ if the cloth-makers {hould make their cloths of lefs length or breadth, they (hould be forfeit to the King. (5) And after by another ftatute made in the eleventh year of the reign of King Henry the Fourth, it was ordained, That proclamation (hould be made openly through the realm, that no perfon making fuch manner of cloths or dozens within the realm, fhould be fo hardy to tack and fold together fuch manner of cloths before that the aulneger hath made his fearch and furveying duly to the fame cloths, that they hold their length and breadth, ordained by the faid laft ftatute made the iaidfeventh ycajr as in the fame ftatute is more fully-contained.

(6)	Upon

4	Google

1433-1 Anno undecimo Henrici VI.	193

(6)	Upon which ftatutes tnade in the time of the faid King	*

Henry the Fourth, divers opinions have been holden in the King's exchequer, as the fame our lord the King hath con- . ceived by the complaint of the commons of his realm: (7) Our lord the King willing to reprefs fuch opinions, of the aflent bci^terpreted, and authority abovesaid, hath declared, that this word (cloth) and of what * in the faid ftatutes before rehearfed, (hall have relation, and cloths it is lhail be underftood of whole cloth called broad cloths and ?ieant ^ broad dozens, and not of other cloths and pieces of cloths called *** °c IO# ftreits, now made, or to be made. (8) And moreover hath and 11H 4.C.6. ordained and ftablilhed, That every man may make, fetto fale. What length and fell all manner of cloths called ftrcits, containing in length a"d breadth fourteen yards, and in the breadth one yard unwatered, or fed ftreit*\hall clfe twelve yards watered, without impeachment of any officer contain, of the King’s, paying to the King the aulnage, fubfidies, cuf- 17 El.c. it. toms and other devoirs, that is to fay, of every cloth, and of every piece of cloth, after the rate contained in the faid ftatutes.

(9) And if the makers of the faid cloths called ftreits, make any cloths to fell of lefs length and breadth than next above declared, that then it (hall be lawful to the aulneger to cut off the lift at the one end of all fuch ftreit cloths, not containing the faid length* and the fame to be fold for a remnant for a piece, and not for a cloth : (10) And that no fuch cloths be put to fale until the Cloths (hall aulneger hath meafured them, made his fearch, and put to not be put to them the King’s feal thereto ordained, upon pain of forfeiture auine^r hath of the fame. (11) And if any aulneger enfeal any fuch cloths cal- mealed * led ftreits, not containing the length and breadth of the ftreits them, and put abovesaid, and cut not off the lift of all fuch cloths that do nota feal to them, hold the (aid length and breadth of the ftreits, that then the ^aft^foP™ faid aulneger (hall pay to the King for every piece of cloth fo	o?de-

found defective, fix (hillings eight pence: (12) except always festive cloth, that all cloths called ftreits, made or to be made, until the day 5&6E1I.6.C 6. of the nativity of St. John the Baptifl next coming, (hall have^&5ph-&^ licence to be fold and delivered until the feaft of Chriflmas then^j^. lt c a# next enfuing, of whatfoever length and breadth they be.	,1 w. 3. c. so.

CAP. X.

He Jhall find fureties, &c. that fueth to defeat an execution upon a ftatute.

ITEM pur ceo qe diverfez perfones deinz ceft roialme devaunt cez houres fovent foitz ount efte priz & areftes par diverfes vifeountes & autres miniftres de Roi par brefs if-fantz fibien hors de chauncery de Roi come de fez progeni-tours pur execution avoir de diverfez reconifcunces faitz devaunt lez mairs de leftaples de diverfez fommes dez quex fom-mes icells perfones as quex la Vol. III.	duite

ITEM, btcaufe divert perfins within this realm in times pajl often have been taken and arrefied oy divers Jheriffs and other officers of the King, by writs as well going out of the chancery of the King, as of his progenitors, to have execution of divers re-cognifances made before the mayors of the jlaple, of divers fums, of which Jums fuch perfins, to whom the duty belonged, had no convex nient remedy, other than the fa:d

O Digitized by

r

*94

Crj. Car.

Anno undecimo Henrici VI. [1433.

executions; (2) which perfons, Jo token and arrejled for execution of the fame recognifances, be oftentimes brought by divers writs t)e corpus cum caufa before the King in hit chancery, out of pri-fons in the which they be fo kept by force of fuch executions, and there they do fue, Jhewing forth divers indentures, and other things in defeafance of fuch recognifances, defiring writs of Scire facias to warn the party or parties at whofe fuit they be taken and arrejled, to 67. anfwer thereunto; (3) and thereupon, by furety found to the King in the chancery, have been delivered out of prifon, notwith-Jlanding their Jaia arrejl for the execution of fuch recognifances, as above is faid, no fureties found to the recognifees to whom they be fo bound to fatisfy them of their duties, in cafe that the matters comprifed within the faid writs of Scire facias be not found nor adjudged for the recognifors thereby bound 5 (4) whereby the faid recognifees have been fometime greatly delayed of their execution, and fometime their execution utterly loft) and in time to come likely to be lojl, for that no advantage nor avail thereof might come, be, or accrue to the J'aid recognifees to whom fuch perjons be fo bound by the faid furety Jo bound to the King, feeing the fame perfon fo bound may by the King's pardon be acquit and dif-chargedfor ever.	(5) Our lord

the King confidering that the faid recognifees, to whom perfons be bound, are oftentimes without remedy, if fo be that thefaid recognifors would not purjue forth their faid writs of Scire facias with effeft; or otherwife, that the matters of the faid writs of Scire facias be found or adjudged againjl them, and thereupon they withdraw them to places privi-2	leged.

duite appent nount remedie covenable autre qe lez ditz executions lez quex perfones enfi prifez & areftuz pur lexe-cution de mefmes lez reconi -faunces fount foventfaitzVenir par diverfez brefs de Corpus cum caufa devaunt leRoi en fa chauncery hors dez prifones es quex ils fount iflint detenus a caufe de tiel execution & illo-qes fuent en monftrantz diverfez endentures & autres cho-fes en defaifaunces de tiel re-conilances enprifantz bref de Scire facias de gamier la partie ou lez parties a qui purfuit ils fount enfi prifez & areftuz a refpoundre fur icelles. Et fur ceo fuerte trove au Roi en fa chauncery ount efte deliverer hors du prifone nient obftant lour de arefte pur lexecutions dez tielx reconufaunces come defuis eft dit nulle trovez as re-conufez as quex ils fount HEnt obliges de eux fatefier dez lours duetees en cas qe lez maters compris deinz lez ditz briefs de Scire facias ne foient trovez ne adjuggez pur lez reconuf-fours enfi obliges parount lez ditz reconufeez ount afeun fbitz graundement efte delaiez de lour execution & afeun fbitz lour execution ent toutoutre-ment perduz & en temps avenir verifemblabletnent a perdre 4 caufe qe null avantage ou availl ent purra venireftre ou acrefere as ditz reconufez as quex dels perfones fount iflint obligez par la dit fuerte enfi trovez au Koi

pur ceo qe mefmes les perfones iflint obligez par pardon de Roi purrount eftre quitez & difehargez par touts jours. Noftre feignur le Roi confidc-rant qe lez ditz reconufez as quex perfones fount obligez fo-vent fbitz fount fanz remedie fi enfi foit qe mefmes lez re-

Digitized by Google

1433*]	Anno undecimo Hbnrici VI.	195

conufours nemy voillont pur- leged, or eloign them out of the -filer avaunt les ditz breifs de realm, or elfe they would not apr Scire facias ovefque effe<ft ou pear, fo that their bodies might autrement qc le matere de lour be put in execution; to the great ditz briefs de Scire facias foit hindrance and undoing of fuch re^ trove ou adjugge countre eux& cognifees in time to come ; (6) and fiirceo ils foy retraihent aslieus alfo becaufe that the King is in-privileggez ou eux aloinent herited of the taking of fuch fure-hors du roialme ou autrement ties to himfelf by the courfe of the <pls nemy appergcnt iflint qe chancery; (7) the king doth ^*11 find lour corps puiflent eftre myz will that from henceforth fuch	^

en execution a trcfgraunde ar- fureties be made as well to the the party that , rerifement & anientifement dez King as to the party.	fueth to defeat

tielx reconufez en temps aveig-	an	cxcurion

ncr. Et auxi pur ceo qe le Roi eft enheriteez de la prifez a de tielx fuertees a luy mefmes par la cours de fa chauncery p le Roi voet qe tiels fuertees defore en avaunt foient faitz fe-veralment fibien a Roi come a parte.

CAP. XI.

tte punifbment of tbofe that make ajfault upon any that come to the parliament.

ITEM le Roi voillant pur-voier pur la efe & tranquil-lite de eux qui viendront as parlementz ou confels du Roi de fon commaundement ad or-deigne & eftable qe fi afcune afeut ou afray foit fait a afcune feignur efpintuel ou temporel chivaler de counte citezin ou burgeis venuz au parlement ou a counfeill du Roi par fon com-maundement & la eftcant & entendant a parlement ou a counfeill qadonqes foit proclamation fait par trois jours fe-veralx en le pluis overt lieu de la ville ou laflaut ou affaire ferra enfi fait qe la parte qui face tie] affraye ou affaute toy rende devaunt le Roy en fon banke deins une quarter dune an apres la proclamation fait fil foit el temps du terme ou autrement al profchein jour en le temps du terme enfuant le dit quarter et fil ne face qil foit atteint de la fait fuifdit & paie al parte greve fez damages a double a taxer par la difcretion dez juftices du dit bank pur le temps

ITEM, the King willing to provide for the eafe and tranquility of them that come to the parliaments and councils of the King by his commandment, hath ordained and fta-blifhed, That if any aflault or affray be made to any lord fpi-ritual or temporal, knight of the fhire, citizen or burgefs, come to the parliament, or to other council of the King by his commandment, and there being and attending at the parliament or council, that then proclamation (hall be made in the mod open place of the town by three feveral days, where the aflault or affray fhajl be made, that the party that made fuch affrav or aflault yield himfelf before the King m his bench within a quarter of a year after the proclamation made, if it be in the time of the term, or otherwife at the next day in the time of the term following the next quarter; (2) and if he do not, that he be attainted of the laid O 2	deed,

The paniQi-ment of fuch • as do make •* alTaidtupon^ any that come to the parlia-ment, or other council of the King, See.

196

5 H. 4. C. 6.

Anno undecimo Henrici VL	[1433.

deed, and pay to the party grieved his double damages, to be taxed by the difcretion of the juftices of the fame bench for the time being, or by inqueft, if it be needful, and make fine and ranfom at the King’s will; (3) and if he come, and be found guilty by inqueft, by examination, or otherwife, of fucli affray or affault, then he (hall pay to the party fo grieved his double damages found by the inqueft, or to be taxed by the difcretio fine and ranfom at the King’s 1

temps efteant ou par enqueft fil bofoigne & face fyn & raun-ceon a la volunte de Roi. Et fil veigne & trove foit coupable par enqueft par examination ou en autre mancr de tiel affaire ou aflaute paie il adonqes a parte enfi greve fez damages a double trovez par enqueft ou a taxer par la difcretion dex ditz juftices & face fyn & raun-ceon a la volunte du Roi come defuis eft dit.

of the faid juftices, and make ill, as above is faid.

CAP. XII.

What wax-chandlers Jhall take for their work of wax.

Ex edit.	TTEM, our faid lord the King hath conceived by the com-

Pulton*	JL plaint of the faid commons. That the wax-cnandlers in

divers parts of England, fell candles, images and figures, and other works of W2x made for offerings, after the rate of a pound of wax for ij s. and more where one pound of wax is no more worth then vj d. whereby they gain in every pound of ,	'	wax fo wrought xviij d. and more, by which means divers of

the people be defrauded of their good intent and devotion, fuppofing fuch candles, images and figures, and other works to be of reafonable value, according as they pay for the fame, where they be of none or little value: (2) And therefore our lord the King, willing for fuch deceit to provide remedy convenient, hath ordained and eftablifhed. That no perfon (hall fell, nor put to fale any fuch candles, images, figures and other How much works of wax, at more higher price, but only after the rate of Vaxchandlcrs the price of iij d more in the weight of a pound over that the common price cf a pound of plain wax is between merchant pourvdof wdx anc* tnerchant at the time of fuch fale or putting to fale, upon more than the pain to forfeit fuch candles, images, figures and other works wax is worth, of wax fo put to fale, and the value of them that (hall be fold againft the form of this ftatute, and to make a fine to the King, it they be thereof duly attainted, or that it be found by examination, or due fearch by weights, or in other manner, that they have fold or put to fale any fuch candles, images, figures, Juftices of or other works of wax againft the form of this ftatute. (3) And peace, mayors that the juftices of peace in every county where they be juftices, c^fft0^ccr* (hall have power to enquire hear and determine all things done may examine aga'nft ftatu*e : (4) And that as well every iuftice of peace and punUh in the county where he is juftice, as mayors and bailiffs within, offenders. the cities ana boroughs, ftewards of lords within the franchifes of their lords, (hall have power and authority to examine an4 fearch as well by weights of fuch candles, images, figures, and other works of wax, as in other manner by their difcretion, all

Digitized by Cj oogle

197

1433.] Annoimdecimo Henrici VI.

them that any thing (hall hereafter do againft this ftatute, and to punifh them that by fuch examination or fearch fhall be found guilty in theform abovefaid. (5) Provided that this ftatute	tl jac. j.

do not extend to hearfes to be made for nobles that do die. c. »g.

CAP. XIII.

A confirmation for three years of the fiat, of 8 Hen. VI. c. 18. that wool, &c. brought to Calais Jhall be fold for ready money.

ITEM, our faid fovereign lord the King, for the wealth of Ex edit Raft.

him and his realm, by the advice and affent of the faid lords, and at the fpecial requeft of his faid commons, hath ordained: That the good ordinance and ftatute made the viii. Wools, wool-year of his reign, that is to fay, that the wools and woolfels and feh* ^ ^AU tin, repairing and coming to the ftaple of Calais, (hall be	-

fold for ready money to be paid in hand. Anid that the bullion be brought in his mint there, that is to fay, of every farpler of wool fold for twelve marks and above, vi. pound of bullion, amd of every farpler of wool fold under twelve marks, v. pound of bullion- And that lawful and due partition be made, ac- Bullion, -cording to the ordinance there at this time, to endure from the feait of the Annunciation of our Lady next to cotne, till the end of three years then next enfuing. Saving always to our fovereign lord the King power and authority to modify the fame ftatute when him pleafe, by the advice of his council, as it (hall feem bell to him for the profit of him and of his realm.

CAP. XIV.

It fhall be felony to fhtp or carry any merchandifes of the ftaple in creeks, during three years.

ITEM, whereas the cuftoms and fubfidies granted to our fovereign lord the King be alloigned and withdrawn, as well for lack of good fearch in the ports and creeks within the realm of England, as by other crafty imaginations of divers perfons, carrying merchandifes of the ftaple of Calais againft the form Merchandifes of the faid ftatutes thereof provided and ordained. Our fove*- of the ftaple. reign lord the King, by the advice and authority abovesaid, hath ordained and ftablimed. That none upon pam of felony bring, carry, or (hip, nor caufe to be brought, carried, nor (hipped, any fuch merchandifes of the ftaple in any creeks within his realm of England, againft the ordinance abovefaid.

And this ftatute to endure till the end of three years next enfuing and no longer.

CAP. XV.

A cuftomer fhall difebarge the merchant that hath paid his

cuftom.

ITEM pur ceo qe noftre TTEM, for that our lord the feignur le Roi par une pe- JL King, by a petition to him tition a luy baillie en mefine Ie delivered in the fame parliament, parlement par lez communes by the commons of the famey for dicell O 3	the

Digitized by

Google

198	Anno	undecimo	Henrici	Vli	[1433*

tbe merchants of the	realm, hath dicell pur le marchauntz du

difcharge a merchant that hath paid hit cuf-tom.

perceived, That feeing ihe cu(Itimers and controulers in the King's port$ do not write any warrants in difcharge of the faid merchants of their merchandises by them Jhewcd add duly cuftomed, fame as well coming into the realm, aspajfmg out of the jamcy the fame cujlomers and controulers do embezzle the King's cufloms, and ihe merchants be greatly hindered, becaufe that the Warrants might plainly Jhew arid declare their due cujiom, when they be unduly impeached in the Atuftoraeror King's exchequer: (l) the fame controuler our jor{j the King ccnfidering the find deceits by the advice, affent, and authority abovesaid, hath ordained. That the faid cuftomers and controulers (hall write and* deliver fufficient Warrants, fealed witfi the feal of their office to that ordained,* to the (aid merchants, and to every of them, for ah and e-very of their merchandifes every time by them to the cuftomers and controulers duly (hewed ; (3) and that the faid merchants, nor any of them, (hall any thing pay For the faid warrants, bqt only their due cuf-tbm. (4) And in cafe that any cuftomer or controuler, in any of the faid ports, do the contrary, that then every merchant fo grieved may have ai> aeftion, by virtue of this ordinance, to purfue againft every cuftomer or controuler that doth the contrary in every court of record ; (5) and then every cuftomer or controuler fo attainted (hall forfeit to the King for every default ten pounds, and to the merchant thereby grieved, that will file, a hunared (hillings.

roialmeadentendu qe pur tant qe lez cuftomers & countrol-lours en lez portes du Roi ne-ferivent afeuns garraunts en difeharges des ditz merchauntz de lour merchandifes par eux monftrez & duement cuftomez afeuns fibien veignauntz en le roialme come paflantz hors di-celle mefmes lez cuftomers & countroullours embefilent les cuftumesduRoi&lez ditz mer-chauntz fount eraurtdement an-ientifez a caufe qe lez ditz ga-rauntz tfurroient overtement declarers monftrer lour duecuf-tome quant ils fount fovent non-duement enpechefc en Iefchek-kerduRoi. Mefmenoftre feignur le Roi confideraut lez ditz dif-feites de lavis aflent & audio -rite fuifditz ad ordeine oe* lez ditz cuftomers & contfollours elcrivent & deliverent fuffici-antz garantz enfekz ovefqe le ifeal de lour office a ceo cfrdei-nez as ditz merchauntz & a phefcun de cux pur tous & chefcune de lour merchandifes chefcun foitz par eux as ditz cuftomers & controllburs duement monftrere tnefmes lez merchantz ne null de eux rien paiant pur lez ditz garrantz mes folement lour due cuftome. Et en cas qe chefcun cuftomer ou countrollour en afeune des ditz pointes face le contrarie qadonqes chefcun marchant enfi greve poet avoir adlion par vertue de cefte ordenance a purfuer envers chefcun cuftomer ou controllour qi face le contrarie en chefcune court de recorde & adonqes chefcun cuftomer & controllour iflint attcint puife forfaire au Ror

Eur chefcun defaute x. li. & a ? merchant enfi greve qi voill fuer C. s.

CAP.

Digitized by kjOOQle

1435-1 Anno deeimo quarto Henrici VI#	199

C AP. XVI.

The penalty for fealing of a blank cocket to deceive the King of bis cuftoms.

ITEM, forafmuch as our moft redoubted fovereign lord the Ex edit. Raft.

King is greatly deceived of his cuftoms and fubfidies, of that the cuftomers of the faid ports within the realm do feal blank £eU fcrowls in parchment, called Blank cockets, with their feals deputed to their offices, and them fo fealed do deliver to the merchants, for to enter and write in them their goods and mer-chandifes going out of the realm to the parts beyond the fea, the King not anfwered nor payed of his cuftoms and fubfidies of fuch goods and merchandifes. It is ordained, by the advice and authority aforefaid,That if any cuftomer feal any fuch blank fcrowl with the feal affigned to his office, or if any merchant enter or write, or caufe to be entered or written in fuch blank fcrowl or charter fo fealed, his goods or merchandifes, thereby to defraud our fovereign lord the King of his cuftoms and fub-iidies, then as well the fame cuftomer as the merchant (hall be ' judged to forfeit all his goods and chattels, as they (hould forfeit in cafe of felony. And that they and every of them (hall have the imprifonment of three years. And this a<ft (hall endure by three years next enfuing after the feaft of St ^Hillary next coming.

{Statutes made at Weftmirffter,	14	Hen.	VI.

and Anno Dom. 1435.

NOSTRE feignur le Roi Henry le fifme apres le con-queft a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm* le x* jour dOdtobre lan de fon regne qatorfzifme de ladvis & aflent des feignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a la efpeciale requeft des communes du roialme en mefme le parlement efteantz ad fait faire di-verfes eftatutes & ordinances a lonour de Dieu & le bien de luy & fon dit roialme en la forme enfuant.

OUR lord the King Henry the Sixth after the conquejt, at his parliament holden at Wcft-minfter the tenth day of October, the fourteenth year of his reigny by the advice and qff 'ent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the fpecial requejl of the commons of the realm, being in the fame parliament hath caufed to be made divers Jlatutes and ordinances, to the honour of God, and for the wealth of him and his realm, in the form follo wing.

CAP. I.

JuJtices of Nifi prius may give judgment of a man attainted or acquitted of felony.

EN primes noftre dit feignur TMRST, our lord the King tjEd.t.ftat.u le Roy ad ordeine par X1 hath ordained, by thec.30. ?u<ftoritc del dit parlement qe authority of the faid parlia-

les	O	4	meat



Digitized by t^ooQle

200

The indices of Nifi prius have authority to give judgment as well where one is attainted of treafon or felony, as where he is acquitted.

Dy. iso.



Ex edit.Raft.

Wools.

Wooliels.

Bullion.

Calais.

Staple.

Anno deeimo quarto Henrici VI. [[1435.

ment, That the juftices before whom inquifitions, inquefts, and juries, from henceforth fhall be taken by the King’s writ called Nifi prius, according to the form of the ftatute thereof made, (hall have power pf ajl the cafes of felony and of treafon, to give their judgments as well where a man is acquit of felony or of treafon, as where he is thereof attaint • ed, at the day and place where the faid inquifitions, inquefts and juries be fo taken* apd 'then from thenceforth to award execution to be made by force of the fame judgments,

CAP. II.

Wools and fells fhall not be exported but to Calais. Special exceptions in favour of the King, and his council, and the merchants of Venice, Genoa, &c.

ITEM, forafmuch as the great number, quantity, and fub-fiance of the wools growing in the realm of England, by thefe three years part by (hip, and in great jeopardy and doubt come to the town of palais, ihere to be fold for ready money, whereof it behoveth the faid Merchants fellers to receive upon every farpler a certain pf bullion, to be brought to the King’s mint at Calais^ thre which ready money and bullion after that they be forged and coined, and received by the faid merchants Tellers, ought duly and equally to be diftributed and departed to every cue after his portion, to be fent into this realm, for the increafe and univerfal weal of the fame, by virtue of certain fiatutes made in the parliament holden at Wejlminjler the eighth year of our fovereign lord the King, and renewed in the parliament holden the eleventh year of his reign, which fta-tutes be firmly obferved and kept, as by fuch perfons, which by undue means do (hip wools in the creeks and other fufpici-ous places, and alfo in divers ports of the realm, and them carry to other places than to Calais, and alfo by fuch perfons, which in derogation of the univerfal weal of the realm, and in definition of the good ordinance of partition, and in abatement of the price of wools, do purchafe licences for their Angular avail to (hip wools to Calais, there to be fold before all pthcr wools there being, and be not bound to keep the price, nor to receive no bullion, nor to make partition nor diftribu-tion of their money, in manner as all merchants of England there repairing be ftraitly bound to keep, do by ftatute afore-faid, by reafon whereof the faid merchants by the means and licences aforesaid be in point to be deftroyed, the faid ftaple to

les juftices devaunt queux inquifitions enqueftes & jurre^ enavaupt foient prifez par brief du Roi de Nifi prius jouft la forme de leftatut ent fait eient poair en toutz cafez de felonip & trefon derendre lour jugge-ment fibien lou homme eft ac-quite de felonie ou de trefon come lou il eft ent atteint a jour & lieu ou les ditz inquifitions enqueftes & jurres iflint foient prifes & adonqes illeoqes de a-r garder execution de eftre fait par force de mefmes les juge-mentz.

Digitized by

Google

201

*435*1 Anno decimo quarto Henrici VI.

be diflevered and deftroyed, and consequently the faid town of Calais, which by the faid ftaple hath hitherto been greatly maintained and inforced, is like to be undone and loft, and the faid realm in point to be greatly hindered and hurt, as the fame our fovereign lord the King hath conceived by the grievous complaint to him made in the fame parliament by the commons of the fame: therefore the fame our fovereign Jord the King, willing for the fame in this cafe to provide a remedy, by the advice of the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the fupplication of the faid commons, hath ordained in the fame parliament, that no fuch licence, which is fo prejudicial and contrary to the common and univerfal weal of his realm, and of nis faid merchants, and in deftrudtion of the faid town, and the £ud ordinance or partition, and of the price of the wools, (hall in no wife be granted. And that every man which (hippeth, or doeth to be (hipped any wools or woolfels, to carry them over the fea in any wife, (hall repair with die fame to Calais, and there difeharge and fell the faid wools and woolfels, after the tenour of the faid ftatutes, and after the good rule and ordinance of the faid ftaple, in maintenance and fuftentation of the fame, relief and increafe of the laid town of Calais, and for the public weal of this his realm of England. Saving always to our fovereign lord the King, power and authority, to modify the fame ftatute when it (hall pleafe him, by advice of his council, according as to him bell (hall feem for the profit of him and of his realm of England. Saving alfo to the merchants of Genoay Venice, Tufcany, Lombardy, Florence and Catalonia, and alfo the burgefles of Berwick upon Tweedy the liberties to them granted by a ftatute Heretofore, and to all other the King’s liege people the benefit of licence to them granted by the King by the advice of his council.	H.6.	c.6.

CAP. III.

Where the juftices of affife of Cumberland fkail hold their

feffions.

ITEM come par eftatut fait en temps le Roi Richard ordine foit qe les juftices dafli-fes prendre & gaoles deliverer aflignez & afligners teignerent lour feftions en les principalx & chiefs villes des fingulers countees ceftaffavoir la ou les countes dicelles countees alors fuerent ou delors ferroient te-nuz noftre feignur le Roi voil-lant mefmc leftatut en le coun-tee de Cumberland eftre obfer-vez & gardes confiderant qe la citee de Cardoill eft la principal & chief citec ic ville du dit coun-

ITEM, whereas by a ftatute made in the time of King Richard the Secondy it was ordain-edy That the juftices afftgnedy and to be afftgnedy to take ajjifes and deliver gaohy Jhall hold their feffions in the principal and chief towns of every county, that is to fayy where the jhire-courts of the counties heretofore werey and hereafter Jhall be holdenr, (2) our The juftices lord the King willing the fame of the affife, Jlatute to be obferved and kept in	°fth?

the county of Cumberland, con- Cumberland, fidering that the city ^Carlifle is fhall hold their the principal and chief city and fefliomat Car* townM*

Digitized by

Google

202

3H.5'C.4‘

Anno dectmo quarto Henrici VT. [1435.

town of the faid county, mid in the watch the Jbtre court of the fame county hath been bolden before this time $ hath granted and ordained, by the authority of the fame parliament. That the feffion of the juftices to take aflifes and to deliver gaols in the county of Cumberland> be holden in time of peace and of truce, in the faid city of Car-life, and in none other place within the fame county, as it hath been ufed and accuftomed of old time.

countee &en la quelle la counte de incline la countee ad eftee tcnuz devaunt ces hoeures ad graunte & ordine par au&orite de mefme le parlement qe la feftion des juftices daflifes prendre & de gaoles deliverer en le dit countee de Cumberland foit tenua en temps de pees & des trieux en la dite citee de Car-doill & en null autre lieu ou place deins mefme le countee come il ad eftee ufe & accuf-tume dauncien temps.

CAP. IV.

The juftices of the peace of Middlefex may keep their feffions but twice in the year.

ITEM, whereas it was ordained by a ftatute, That the juftices of peace of all the counties ^England for the time being, Jball fit and hold their feffion four times by the year, to inquire and execute all charges contained in their commijfton, which they be fwom to do according to the form rf the fold ftatute, upon a great pain, as by the fame ftatute more fully appeareth: (2) our lord the King, conftdering that all the high courts be fit and holden in the comity of Middlefex, continually during all the four times of the term, by which times of term the commons inhabiting in and of the fame county, muft attend from time to time to inquire of all the articles to the faid courts belongings as reafon and law requirethy and that prefently after every of the faid terms ended, the faid juftices of the faid county do fit and hold their fefftons in the fame eountyy as they ought to doy by force of the faid ftatutey more to avoid the faid penaltyy than for any other neceffary thing there to be inquiredy at which fefftons they caufe to come before them a great

part

ITEM come ordine foit par eftatut qe les juftices de pees de tout* les countees dEngleterre pur le temps eftc-antz feiront & tiendront lour feftions quatre temps par , an pur enquerrer & executor toutz charges contenuz en lour commyftion le quell ils fount jurrez de faire folonc la forme du dit eftatut fur graunde peine ficome par mefme leftatut pluis pleinement appiert. Noftre fei-gnur le Roi conliderant qe toutz fes hautz countes fount afliz & tenuz en le countee de Midd’ continuelment durante toutz les quatre temps de terme par les quelx temps de terme les communes & enha-bitantz en & de mefme le counte coviendront entendre de temps en temps denquerrer toutz les articles as ditz cour-tes appurtenantz come reafon & ley requiront & qe mainte-naunt apres chefcun des ditz termes fines les ditz juftices du peas du dit countee de Midd* ieiont tiegnent lour feftions in mefme le countee come ils de-uffent faire par force du dit e-ftatuit

Digitized by CjOOQle

ftatuit pluis pur cvitcr la dit part of_ the inhabitants and com-peine qe pur afcun autre chofe necefiarie illeoqes deftre enquis a les quelles feflions ih fount faire venir devaunt eux graunde partie des enhabitantz hi com-muners du dit countee de Midd’ pur enquerrer des toutz miners des chofes come lour fount donez en charge & iffint ils fount vcxez & chargez parmye tout lan fibien hors le temps de terme come en le temps de terme fi qe ils nount afcun re-pofe ne temps de faire lour huf-bandriez & lour labour pur lour vivre en afcun maner gav-ner a lour final deftru&ion fils fie foient fqccurrez en celle partie. Et voillant purtaunt mefme noftre feignur le Roi en ceo cas lour purvoier de reme-die ad ordine par advis & aflent fuifditz & a la requeft des ditz communes du roialmc qe les juftices du peas qore fount & toutz autres pur le temps de-fore efteantz en le dit countee de Midd’ foient tout outrement difchargez de la dite peine par sru&orite de mefme le parle-ment a toutz temps defore a-venirs la court du bank le Roi efteant feant en le dit countee de Midd’. Purveu toutz foitz qe les ditz juftices du peas del dit countee de Midd’ pur le temps efteantz gardent obfervent & executent la courte des feflions du peas deux foitz en lan au meyns he plufours de temps fil bofoigne par afcun riote ou forcible en-tre fait deins mefme le countee de Midd’ & ceo fur le peine he forfeiture de tielx fummes come fount pur ceo ordinez par afcun le fait devaunt ces hoeures fyn & entent qe les ditz

203

au

communes he enhabitantz del dit countee de Midd’ ne foient artes

mens of the faid county of Middlesex, to inquire of all manner of things as to them is given in charge; and by tlrnt means they be charged and vexed throughout all the year, as well out of the time of term, as in time of term, fo that they have no reft, nor time to do their hufbandry and their labour, to get their living in any wife, to their utter undoing if they be not relieved in this behalf (f) Therefore the fame our loro the King willing in this cafe to provide for them a remedy, hath ordained by the advice and aflent afore faid, and at the requeft of the faid commons of the realm. That the juftices of peace which now be, and all other hereafter for the time being, in the faid county of Middlefex, (hall be clearly dif-charged of the faid penalty, by authority of the fame parlia^ ment, from henceforth, the court of the King’s bench being fet in the faid county of Middlefex.	(4) Pro-

vided always. That the faid juftices of the peace of the faid county of Middlefex, for the time being, keep, ob-ferve, and execute the court of the feflions of the peace, two times in the year at the leaft, and more often if need be, for any riot or forcible entry made within the fame county of Middlefex, and that upon the pain and forfeiture of fuch fums as be for that ordained by any law made before this time: to the end and intent that the faid commons and inhabitants of the faid county of Middlefex be not inforccd nor compelled to appear before the juftices of peace of the fame county for the time being, but

at

The juftices of the )Wace in Middlefex (hall keep their feflions but twice in the year,^ faving to inquire of riots or forcible entries.

Digitized by

Google

204

Ex edit. Pult.

All merchandises of the ftaple (hipped in creeks, (hall be forfeited to thej ICing.

Anno decimo quarto Henrici VI. [1435.

at fu«h time which (hall feem artes ne compelles pur apparer by the difcretions of the fame devaunt les juftices du peas de juftices of peace neceftary and mefme le countee pur le temps behoofeful.	efteantz	forfqe a ticl temps qi

fembleront paries difcretions de mefmes les juftices du peas ne-ceflarics & bofoignables.

CAP. V.

Merchandises of the Jlaple /hipped in creeks Jhall be forfeited to the Kingj &c.

ITEM, it was (hewed to our lord the King by the commons of the fame parliament, That as well becaufe of undue fearch made in the ports and creeks within the realm upon divers per-fons, which by fubtil imaginations and means do (hip wool and woolfels, add feveral other merchandifes which ought to repair to the ftaple of Calais, and them carry and convey to divers o-ther parts beyond the fea, without paying cuftom, againll the tenor of the ftatutc thereof made and ordained, by the which means the cuftoms and fubfidies granted to the King be greatly impaired and decayed: (2) it was ordained by the King and all the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this prefent parliament holden at JVeftminfter, the eleventh year of our lord the King that now is, that noneupon pain of felony, (hould carry nor (hip any fuch merchandifes in the ftaple in the creeks within the faid realm againft the ordinance aforefaid: (3) never-thelefs, divers perfons having no fear of the faid ftatute, cuf-tomably (hip as well in the ports as in the creeks aforefaid, by undue means, great value of wools, woolfels, and of other merchandifes of the ftaple, and them carry into FlanderSy HoUandy Zealand, Brabant and Normandy, without paying any cuftom for the fame•, (4) and moreover, divers perfons do (nip cuftom-ably wools and woolfels, in divers parts of the realm of Eng-landy which be cocketed and accuftomcd to go to Calaisy and come not there, but the fame wools and woolfels carry into o-thcr parts aforefaid, contrary to the ftatute thereof ordained, by the which untrue means the King is greatly endamaged and defrauded of his cuftoms and fubfidies, and the laid ftaple within (hort time in point to be clearly deftroyed, the town of Calais impoverilhed and decayed, ana the realm not increafed : (5) our lord the King confidering the premifles, hath ordained by the ftatute aforefaid. That all the wools and woolfels, and all other merchandifes which by ftatute ought to repair to the faid ftaple, found in any creeks, (hipped contrary to the faid ftatute and ordinance, (hall be forfeit to our lord the King: (6) and moreover, that every perfon whatfoever he be, which at any time (hall (hip or caufe to be (hipped any manner of wools, woolfels, and other merchandifes to go to the ftaple aforefaid, and come not there, (hall forfeit as much goods as the wools, woolfels, and other merchan-

difes

Digitized by

1435-1 Anno decimo quarto Henrici VI.	205

difes by them fo (hipped and carried to other places than to Calais do amount, by extent after the very value, (except the merchandifes which be to be excepted to pafs by the King’s licence to other places.) Referved always to the King the whole moiety of fuch forfeitures, which be cocketted and accuftomed to go to Calais, and come not there, as afore is faid; and to them which find and feife the merchandifes, the other moiety, without any diminution or abatement.

(7)	And if any perfon take any wools, woolfels, or any other Merchandifes merchandife of the ftaple, in any fufpicious place adjoining to laid in fecret the water-lide, in whatfoever place that it be, and no indenture place* by the thereof made betwixt him and the mayor, bailiff or conftable of tTtettanf-the town in the which fuch wools, woolfels, and other mer- ported, (hall chandifes of the ftaple, be fo layed, that then the fame wools, oe forfeited, woolfels, and merchandifes be forfeit; (8) and that the King have one moiety of all fuch forfeitures, and the lords of the town where fuch merchandifes be fo layed, and he which them find and feife, the other moiety to be equally divided betwixt them. (9) And every man (hall have power by authority a-forefaid to make fearch in every place for fuch goods of the ftaple fo carried or (hipped, or laid to be (hipped, as afore is faid, without impediment or difturbance of any perfon.	n H.6.c.ik

CAP, VI.

None Jhall dijlurb an alien that bringeth in viftuals to fell in grofs, or by retail.

ITEM noftre feignur le Roi enformez par les ditz communes coment en leftatuit fait lan vje le Roi Richard nadgairs Roi dEngleterre feconde ordi-ne & accorde eftoit qe chefcun forein & alien efteant del ami-ftee du Roi & du roialme & veniant deins la citee de Loun-dres & autres citees burghs & villes deins le dit roialme fi-bin deins fraunchife come dehors ovefqe peflon & autres vitailles qeconqes illeoqes deni urantz & retoumantz ferroit dedors de foubz le fauf garde It efpecial protection du Roi & qe bien life a eux & a chefcun de eux qils puiflent tren^ cher peflon & vitailx fuifditz par peces & a tail & a retaill en partie ou en tout ou en gros come meulx lour femble-ra vcndre & lour profit faire fcunz empechement ou con-

trc

ITEM, our lord the King is in- 6 R.a. c.io» formed by the faid commons, how in the Jiatute made the fixth year of King Richard the Second, late King ^England, it was ordained ana accorded, that every foreign and alien being of the a-mity of our lord the King, and of the realm, coming within the city ^London, and other cities, bo* roughs, and towns within the faid real ^England, as well within francbifes as without, with fijb, and other visuals whatfoever, there abiding and returning,

Jbould be from thenceforth under the fafegua*d and fpecial protection of our lord the King, and that it Jhoidd be lawful to them, and to every of them, that they might cut fijb and vifinals aforefaid by pieces, and to tail and retail them in part, and in whole, or in grofs, as they jhall think bejf, to fell and, make theit profit, without impeach-

Digitized by

Google

2o6

The forfeiture of him who difturb-eth an alien bringing in vi&uals to tell them in grofs or by retail.

9 Fd*3.ftat.x. c.i.

a7Ed.3.flat.a.

C.2.

llR.a.C.7.

Anno dccimo quarto Henrici VI. [1435.

fiathment or contradiffion of any, notwithfianding anyJiatute s, char-tors, ordinancej, privileges, or aijUms made or had to the contrary \ (2) and thereupon by a jiatute made the firjl year of King Henry the Fourth it was ordained and ftablijhed, That the faid Jiatute and ordinance, made the Jixth year, should be firmly holden and kept and duly executed, after the form and efftft of the fame, notwithfianding any letters patents of late granted to the fishmongers of the city ^London, as in the faid Jiatute, made the firjl yeary fully appeareth; by the fupplication of the commons aforefaid hath made, ordained, and ftablifhed by authority aforefaid, That the faid ftatutes (hall be firmly holden and kept, any other ftatutes or ordinances made to the contrary notwithfianding; (3) joined to the fame. That if any man difturb any foreign or alien to fell their fifh in grofs or at retail, in part or in whole, contrary to the laid ordinances, and thereof be duly attainted at the fuit of the King, or of the party, that then he (hall forfeit xli.	(4) And he that will

fue for our lord the King, or for himfelf, fhall have the one half, and the King the other half. (5) And fuch fuit fhall be taken for any offence committed in the city of London a-gainft the faid ordinance, for him which will fue for our

tre dit de nully non ©bftantz afeuns eftatutz chartres ordi-naunces privileges ou cuftumes faitx qu ewes a contrarie & fur ceo par un autre eftatuit fait lan primer le Roi Henri qart fuit ordine & eftable qe les ditz ordinaunce & eftatuit faitz le dit an vje ferroit ferme-ment tenuz & gardez & due-ment executz folonc la forme & effe& dicelles nient contri-fleantz afeuns lettres patentez nadgairs grauntz au contrarie as pefloners le Loundres come en le dit eftatuit fait le dit an primer pleinement appiert a la fupplication des ditz communes ad ordine & eftable par audiorite fuif::ite qe les ditz eflatuitz foient fermement tenuz & gardez afeuns autres e-flatutz ou ordinances faitz au contrarie nient obflantz Ajou-flantx a icell qe fi afeun hom-me deftourbe afeun forein ou alien de vendre lour peflbns eh groos ou retaille en partie ou en tout au contrarie dez ditz ordi-naunces & de ceo foit duement atteint al fuite de Roi ou de par-tie qadonqes il forfera xl.li.’Jt celuy qi voudra fuer pur le Roi ou pur luy mefmes avera lune moitee&le Roi lautre moiteeic (bit tiel fuyte pris pur afeun of-fenfe fait en la citee de Loundres cncountre le dit ordinance pur celuy qi veudra fuer pur le Roi ou pur luy mefmes en quel countee qe luy plerra des coun-tees de Midd* Hertf' Eflcx Kent’ Suit* ou en la cittee de Loundres.

lord the King, or for himfelf, in what county that pleafeth him, of the counties of Middlefexy Hertfordy FJfeXy Kenty Surrey or in the city of London.

r

Digitized by

Google

CAP.

207

1435*1 Anno derimo quarto Henkici VI.

CAP. VII.

Merchandifes taken in Jbips of the Kings enemies, though be* longing to foreigners in amity with the King> Jhall not be reftored.

ITEM, our fivereign lord the King* confidering by the grievous Ex edit. Raft.

complaint to him made by the faid commons, how that the aliens of ^!en‘* the Kings amity do freight and charge the Jhips and other vejfels ofS lp*’

(the enemies of our fivereign lord) the King of Spain, which thing doth fupport and greatly enforce the money of the faid enemies, and al-fo it is the Jironger mean that enforceth them oj Rochel, and divers other of the Kings adverfiries. And if it happen that any Jhips or vejfels of the faid enemies, with any merchandifes fo charged be taken by the Kings liege people upon the fea, the faid aliens of the amity a~ forefaid, by colour of falfe charters, doubles, letters of marque counterfeited, and falfe witneffes of their nation, claim and demand the goods and merchandifes of the faid enemies, fo taken upon the fea, as their proper goodly ana the fame goods and, merchandifes be rejlored, to the great hindratice of them which they have taken, and abajbment of the courage of the faid liege people: and forafmuch as our fove-reign lord the King willing therefore to provide a remedy, hath granted and ordained by authority aforefaid : infomuch that it is not contrary to the league made betwixt him and fome of his allies. That if it happen that any merchandifes of the aliens of the amity aforefaid be taken by the faid lieges after the feall of Saint Michael the archangel, next coming, or any (hips or vef-fels of the faid enemies of our fovereign lord the King, not being under the King's fafe conduct or protection, that then the faid lieges may them retain and enjoy without any impeachment or reftitution thereof to be made : and this ordinance (hall endure by three years next enfuing, and longer, if it pleafe our laid fovereign lord the King.

cap. vm.

The Jlatute of 2 Hen. V. ftat. 1. cap. 6. touching breakers of truce, fufpended.

ITEM, whereas it was declared and ordained by a Jlatute made Trocs.

the fecond year of King Henry the Fifth,forafmuch as before the faid ordinance, divers people comprfed within the truce, as well made ^y the faid late King as by his father, grandfather to the King that now isy and other alfi having fafe conducts, as well of thefaid late King $afc conduit* Henry the Fiftby father to our faid fivereign lord, as of his faid grandfather, fome have been Jlainy rbbbed and fpoiled, by the Kings Hege people and fubjefts, as well upon the main fea, as within the ports and coajls of the fea of the realm of England, Ireland, and of Wales, whereby the Jaid truce and fafe conducts have been broken and offended, to the great dijhonour ana jlander of the King, and againjl his dignity, and the faid manflayersy robbers, and fpoilers, and offenders of the faid truce and the Kings fafe conducts, as afore is declared, have been by divers the Kings lieges and fubjefis within the coajls of

divers

Digitized by

Google

2©8	Anno	decimo quinto Henrici VI. [1436.

divers counties received* abetted, procured* counfelled\ hired, Jiuflain-ed* and maintained: that fuch flaying* robbery* breaking of fuch tnue and the King's fafe conducts* and wilful receipt* abettment* procure ment* counfel, iiVv, fuftenance* and maintenance of fuch perfons to be made in time to come, by the King's lieges and jubjefls within the realm ^England, ^Ireland, a/Wales, <?r upon the main Treafon.	flea* Jhall be adjudged and determined for high treafon* done againjl the

crown and the King's dignity: our foyereign lord the King* conflder-ing the pains contained and fpeciflea in the faid, Jldtute*	rigorous

and grievous againjl his liege people and fubjetts* tf/zi	fo Jlraitly

do bind* that the King's adverfaries and enemies be greatly encouraged and comforted to make war againjl the faid liege people: and many of the faid liege people and fubjetts* as well upon the main fea and coafs of the fea, as in the marches of the realm of England, oftentimes have been fGme robbed* and fome fpoiled* and fome (lain* whereby many of the fame lieges* inhabiting in the marches and coajls aforefaid* be greatly hindered and impoverijhed* and in point to be finally dejlroyed: and the mariners and merchants of the King to pafs upon the fea with their /hips and vejfels with their merchandifes* or otherwije to make war for the fafeguard Of the fea* be greatly dif couraged and abajhcd* and the navy of the realm in point to be dejlroyed* and the J aid merchants clearly difcomforted* to do to be renewed any flnps or vejfels: hath ordained, by the advice, aflent and authority aforefaid, That none of the faid lieges and fubjedts of the King, by force of the faid ftatute, for nothing by him attempted, done or to be done againft the form and tenour of the faid ftatute, within feven years next enfuing, after the faid tenth day of Oflober, be in any wife punched, impeached, molefted, or grieved, by force or the faid ftatute, nor (hall incur no pain for the fame otherwife than he ought before the making the faid ftatute. But that he, his heirs and executors of all things and ao . c. 11. contained and fpecified in the faid ftatute, as by force of the fame ftatute, becaufe of any offence done during the time aforefaid againft our faid fovereign lord the King, his heirs and lucceffors, be clearly quit and difcharged for ever.

Statutes made at Weflminfter* Anno 15 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. j436.

AT the parliament holden at Weftminfter the one and twentieth day of January, the fifteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Sixth after the con-queft* by the advice and ajfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and at the j'pecial inflame and re-quefl of the commons of the realm \ the fame our lord the King hath caufed to be ordained certain /la-tutes to the honour of God* and

NOSTRE foverain feignur le Roy Henty le ftfme a pres le conqueft a fon parle-ment tenuz a Weftm* le xxj* jour de .Januaire lan de fon regne x\ me de ladvis & aflent des l'eignurs efpirituelx & tem-porelx & a lefpecial inftance & requefte de les communes du roialmeenmefme le parlement cfteantz ad fait ordeinez & ef-tabliez certeins ftatutz Jc ordi-

Digitized b'y

tunce*

14.j6.}	Anno decimo qumto Henrici VI.

nances al honour de Dieu & le the profit of him and his realm, bien & profit de luy & de fon in theform following: dit roialme en la fourme qen-lult.

CAP. I.

Where in a fuit before the marfhaU the defendant may plead, that the plaintiff or be are not of the King’s houfe.

209

EN primes pur ceo qe les fenefchall ti marefchall de hoftell du Roy & lour de-putees avaunt cez hcures ount tenuz devaunt eux plees de dette detenu & autres plees per-fonelx moevez parentre gentz qi nc furent de mefme loftell en lour recorde faifantz mention qe les pleintifs be defendants de mefme les plees furent del dit hoftell be a lez parties defendants en mefnies les plees ne allowent lour chaleng & exceptions par eux aleggez qe ils mefmes ou les pleintifs en mef-mes les fuites ne fount pas de mefme loftell encountre les leys & eftatuts ent avant ces heures eus & faitz patount divers des lieges noftre dit feignur le Roi en fa court devaunt lez ditz fenefchall be marefchall tenuz fovent foitz encountre le leie fount grevoufmen* vexez & entroublez a lour graunde damage & anientiflement. Noftre dit feignur le Roi les premifles confiderez ad ordeine par auc-torite de mefme le parlement qe en chefcun feurte defore e-navaunt pur les defendants ap-rendre ils ne foient eftoppes par tiel recorde a dire quils mefmes ou lez pleintifs en mefme le recorde efpecifiez nc furent al temps du dit plee ou fuit commence del hoftell du Roy come par mefme le recorde eft fuppofe eins eient lez ditz defendants loure averement a dire qils mefmes ou les ditz plein-Vol. IIL	tifs

FIRST,	Betaufe that 1 BuWr*

Jleward and marjbal of the King's houfe and their deputies before this time have holden before them pleas of dcbty detinue, and other pleas perfonal moved betwixt people which were not of the fame houfe, making mention in their records, that the plaintiffs and defendants of the fame pleas were of the faid houjey (2) and do not allow to the parties defendants in the fame pleas their challenges and exceptions by them alledged, that they themfehes, or the plaintiffs in the fame fuits, be not of the fame houfe sy againjl the laws and Jlatutes before this time had and made, whereby divers of , a the King's liege people in his court cf 3. *** * * holden before the faidfewerd and 13 R. 2. ft at. 1. marjbal oftentimes againjl the law c. 2. be grievoufiy vexed and troubled to their great damage and hindrance,

(3) Our faid lord the King,In a fuj* confidenng the premifles hath ordained by authority of the the King’s fame parliament. That in every houfe, the de-furety from henceforth for the.fcndant (hall faid defendants to be taken, ^ they (hall not be eftopped by ihattta/plain-fuch record, to fay that them- tiff or he art felves, or the plaintiffs in the not of the fame record fpecified, were not 8 kuult. at the time of the faid plea or fuit thereof commenced, of the King’s houfe* as by the fame record is fuppofed; (4) but the defendants (hail have - their averment to fay, That they themfelves, or the faid plain-* tiffs, were not of the fame P	houfe

Digitized by

Googk

a iq

Anno decimo quinto Henric* VI. (143&

houfe at the time of fuch plea tifs ne furent de mefme loftell or fuit commenced, the faid re- a temps de tiel plee ou fuit cord or other matter within the commence le dit recorde ou fame contained notwithfland- afcun matier deinz icell coning.	tinuz nient obftant.

CAP. II.

Corn being of [mail price, viz. wheat at fix /killings and eight-pence, and barky at three /hillings the quarter, may be carried forth of the realm Without licence.

Ex edit Raft T^EM, foralinueh as by the law it was ordained, that no Coin. * A to an might carry nor bring com out of the reaknof England *0 H. 6.c. 6. without the King’s licence, for caufe whereof farmours and altered by other men which ufe manurement of their land, may not fell jjac.i.c.15 & their com but of a bare price, to the great damage of all the ijac.i. c.i .	. Our faid fovereign lord the King, willing in this Cafe

to provide remedv, hath ordained by authority arorefaid, That it (hall be lawful to every perfon to carry and bring com out of England, and the fame to fell to whatfoever perfon that he will, except all only to the King’s enemies, as often and as long as a quarter of wheat or barley is fo (hipped: And that without iuing any licence for the lame. All other (latutes before this time thereof made to the contrary notwithftanding. Provided always. That the King be contented of his cuftoms and moneys And this ordinance fhall endure till the next parliament.

CAP. IIL

What things be tequifite to make a fafe conduit effectual

ITEM, Whereas our /aid lord the King of late hath granted his letters of fafe conduit to certain per fins to come and go in and out of the realms and Jeigniories of England, France, and Ireland, with certain number of Jhips charged with their merchandises^ and that faith and credit should as well be given to the copy called Vidimus, fialed under the feals authentic and approved, as to the original of the faid letters; (2) one John de Gautier, one of the per fins aforefaid, granted and delivered the Vidimus of the faid fafe conduit to fuch andto as many as him pleafidy fealed with thefial of him that calleth himfelf King of France, under the colour of which Vidimus a great navy of the adverfe part was affemhledy and did take many Jbips9 and the King's

ITEM par la ou noftredit feignur le Roi nadgairs a-voit graunte fes lettres de fauf conduyt as certeins perfons

f>ur venir & aler en & hors de es roialmes Sc feignuries dEng-letcrre Fraunce & Irlonde o-vefqe certeine nombre des niefs charges ovefqe lour mar-chandifes Sc qe foie Sc credance ferroit done libien a la copie appellezVidimus enfealez foubs feades autentiques Sc approvez come al originall de lez ditz lettres un John le Gautier un de les perfons defuifditz graunta Sc delivers le Vidimus du dit fauf conduyt as tielx Sc as tauntz come luy pluift enfeales foubz le feale celuy qi foy ap-pelle Roy de Fraunce loubz umbre de quel Vidimus un graunde navie de la partie ad-yeriarie

Digitized by "

Google

1436.] Annodeclmo quinto Henrici VL

verfarie fuift aflemble & prift plufours niefs & lieges du Roy & vitailla lez villes & fortreffes de les parties adverfaries a

Sraunde damage du Roy & e fez lieges fuifditz fi come noftre dit feignur le Roy a la grevoufe compleint a luy en fait par les ditz communes lad pleinment entenduz mefme noftre feignur confiderant lez graundes inconvenientz queux purroint efchier par tielx & au-tres qi malement ufent fez let-tres de fauf conduyt & qe foubz umbre de tielx Vidimus tout un entier navie dcs adverfaries poet eftre umbrez & journe-ment vitailler eftoffer & refref-(her lour partie en graunde damage de fez roialmes & fpe-cialment de le roialme dEng-leterre voet doner en com-maundement a les gardeins de fes graunde & prive fealx q'rls ne foeffrent pas tiel claufe de Vidimus eftre mys en null fauf conduyt a grauntiers de cy enavaunt fil ne iftint foit qe afcun graunde ou notable caufe ou matier moeve mefme noftre feignur le Rov pur ceo tielment grannter. Et voet auxi par aullorite fuifdite qe en toutz fauf conduyts de cy enavaunt a graunterz a afcun perfon ou per-lons les nouns de iceux de les niefs & de led maiftres & le no-umbre de mariners ovefqe lepor-tage des niefs foient exprefTez.

King's liege people and virtual, to the towns andfortrejfes of the adverfaries, to the great damage of the King and of the liege people aforefaid, as our faid lord the king, at the grievous complaint to him made by the Jaid commons in the faid parliament, hath perceived; (3) The fame our lord the King, confidering the great inconveniencies which' might enfue by fuch and other which do evil ufe his letters of fafe conduit, and that under colour of fuch Vidimus a whole navy Thc cjaufe of enemies may be coloured, vidimus fhaJl and daily vilhial, ftuff, and re- not be put in frefti their party, in great da- a fafe conduit, mace of his realm of England doth will, and hath command- caufe. ed by the authority aforefaid, to the keepers of his great and privy feal, that they (hall not fuffer fuch claufe or Vidimus to be put in any fafe conduit from henceforth to be granted, unlefs it fo be, that fome great or fome notable caufe or matter move the fame our lord the King to grant the fame in fuch wife ; (4) and willeth alfo, that What things in all fafe condufts to be grant-ed from henceforth to any per- \n a fafe con. fon or perfons, the name of dull to make them, of the (hips, and of the *lt eflfe&ual. mailers, and the number of the 18 5*

•	_	H.	o.	C.	8.

mariners, with the portage of I+ Ed. 4. c. 4. the (hips, (hall be exprefled.

CAP. IV.

None Jball fuc a Subpoena until be find furety to fatisfy the defendant bis damages., if be do not verify bis bill.

ITEM pur. ceoqut diverfesper-	TTEM, for that divers perfons Mr. Cjt ob»

fonts ont avant cez heurez efie X have before this time been great- frn'e* that graunde matt vexes et grevez per ly vexed and grieved by writs	copter

brie fes de	fub pena purchaces pur Subpoena, purchafed for matters

matters	determinablez per la co-	determinable by the common law

men ley de cell terre, a ground of this land, to the great damage _ damage de. tielx perfonez iffint vex- offiub perfons fo vexed, in fub- fcie^ce OS, en fubverfion et impediment de verfion and impediment 0} the

^	^	Digitized by

2it	Anno	dedmo	quinto	Henrici	Vl#	[1436.

common law aforefaid; (2) our la comen ley fuifdite; nofire feig-lord the King doth command, nur le Roy voet que les ejlatuitz, That the ftatutes thereof made ent faitz foicnt duement gardes No perfon (hall (hall be duly obferved accord- loncque lafour meet effett deciles;

SubpKrna un- ^ t0 *orm anc* e^e<^ °f et 4ue nu^ briefe de fub pena Joit tilhcfind Ai- t^c	(3)	and that no writ graunte de cy encruant, tanque

rety to fatisfy of Subpoena be granted from feurtee foit trove, pur fatisfii r kz the defendant henceforth until furety be par tie enfy greve et vexe pur fee h]s damages found to fatisfy the party fo ' damages et expenfes, fi ijfint foit do not verify* Sieved and vexed, for his qe le matter ne poet pas eftrefait his bill. damages and expences, if fo be bon quele ejl contnms en la biile< that the matter cannot be made 17R. i.c. 6. good, which is contained in the bill.

CAP. V.

' fVbat fort ofperfons may be impanelled upon an attaint<

I TEM our lord the King con- TTEM noftre dit feignur fe fide ring that the trial of life A Roy confiderant qe le trial! ana death, of lands and tenenu nts, de vie & de mort terres & tc-goeds and chattels of every perfon nementz biens Sc chateux cfe bf his liege people of this realm, chefcun perfon de fes lieges di-touching matters in deed, by the cefte roialme touchant matiers law of the fame realm remain and en fait par lc leie de mefme le jland, and daily is very likely to be roialme remaigne & eftaa & de had and made, by the oaths of jour en jour verifemblablement inquefts of twelve men duly fum- eft pur eftre eue & fait par les trtoned in his courts 5(2) and alfo ferementz des enqueftes de xij. that the great fearlefs and Jhame- hommes duement fummones lefs perjury, which horribly con- en fez courtes et auxi qe les tinueth, and daily increafeth in the graundes pourleffe & inhonu-common jurors of the faid realm, telle perjurie qe orriblement is mojl likely to tend to the greateft continue &joumement encrefle mifehief which ?nay fall to the en les communes jurrors du faid realm; (3) and that it is to dit roialme a la pluis graunde be fuppofed, by reafon that the verifembhble mefehief qe puis more fufficicnt that men be of lands cheier al dit roialtne et qil eft a and tenements, the more unlikely fuppofer par refon qe le pluis r	they are to be drawn or moved to * fufficiantz qe hommes foient

perjury by brocage, power, or des terres &"tenementz le pluis corruption \ (4) ami that in every nonfemblablement ils fount a . atlion and ivrit of attaint at the % eftre tretez ou moevez a perjure lca/1 there mujl be thirteen defen- par brocage poure ou corrup-dants, unlefs that the death of any tion & qe en chefcun action & caufe the contrary; (5) of which brief dateint au meyns y faut thirteen defendants every perfon by eftre xiij. defendantz fil ne foit the taw may have a feveral plea qe mort dafeuny de eux caufe and anfwer, triable in whatfoever le contrarie des queux xiij. de-county that him pleafeth of the faid fendantz chefcun perfon par la realm, (6) and every of the fame leie poet avoir feverall plee Sc thirteen pleas and anfwers triable refponfe triable en quccounqe cut of the county in which the countee qeluy pleaft del roialme Olicn Digitized by Google avaunt

213

1436-] Anno deeirrio qu'into Henrici VI.

avauntdit & chefcun de icelles xiij. plecs & refponf^s triables hors del countee en quel la<ftion & brief dateint eft purfue cau-fera la delaie de ia prife de graunde jure da eint jefqes au temps qe chefcun des ditz foreins feveralx refponfes foit trie. Et tout foit qe toutz ieeux xiij. foreins feveralx refponfes & plees chefcun a pres auter pur caufer plufours delaies foient plees tries & trovez countre iceux xiij. defendantz ils nount afcun prejudice par icels ne les pleintifs en les ditz actions & briefs dateintz null autre a-vauntage mes qe le court dti Roy adonqes de proceder a la prife du dit graunde jurie la quell par fubtilitee qe de jour en jour encrefce purroit caufer la delaie des pleintifs en les ditz actions & briefs dateint par x. ans ou pluis par commune ef-timation ad ordeine par lau<fto-rite avauntdite pur partie de remedie de la mefcheef fuifdit qe null vifcount baillifdu fran-Chife ne coroner en actions ou briefs dateint du plee du terre dannuell value de xl. s. ou pluis ne dadtion de detenue des faitz concemants terres & tenements de femblable value ou pluis ne de pice perfonell dount le juggemerit de recoverer ex-tende a la fomme de xl. Ii.’ ou pluis retoume ne empanell en null inquifition neenqueftnul-les perfones mes ceux enhabi-tantz dedeins fa bailie queux a cell temps eient eftate a lour propre opes ou ceux as queux deps autres perfons ount eftate de fee fimplee fee taill ou frank tenement en terres & tenements dannuell value de xx. li’ ou pluis dedeins fa bailie hors del ^uncein demefne les cynk por-f$$ fe tenure de gavelkynde ne fneindre$

aSlion and writ of attaint is feed, doth caufe the delay of the taking of the grand jury of attaint, until the time that every cf the faid foreign feveral anfwers be tried.

(7)	And although that all theft thirteen feveral anfwers and pleas, every one after other, to caufe more delays, be pleaded, tried, and found againft thefe thirteen de-fendants, they themfelves have no prejudice by the fame, nor the plaintiffs in the faid actions and writs of attaint no other advantage, but that the King's court then /hall proceed to the taking of the faid grand jury, which by fubtilty that daily increafeth may eaufe the delay of the plaintiffs in the faid afiions and writs of attaint by ten years or more, by common eflimation\ ($) hath ordained by authority aforefaid, What fort of for part of the remedy of the perfonsani} qf faid mifehief, that no Iheriff, what luffici-bailiff of franchife, nor .coro- ^ay beim- ° ner, in actions or writs of at- panelled in taint of plea of land, of the juries upon au yearly value of xl. s. or more, attaint, nor aeftion of attaint of deeds concerning lands or tenements of like value, or more, nor perfonal, whereof the judgment of the recovery lhall extend to the fum of forty pounds, or more, lhall return nor impanel in any inquiiition nor in-queft, any perfons but fuch as ' be inhabiting within his bailiwick, which have eftate to their pwn ufe, or they to whofe ufe other perfons have eftate, of fee-fimple, fee-tail, or free-r hold, in lands and tenements, of the yearly value of xx. li. or more in his bailhvick, out of antient demefne, the five ports, and the tenure of gavelkind, jgH. 6. c.

(g) nor lhall return in the What iflues King’s court lefs iflues in the lhall be re-faid a&ions of attaint, than ¥ 3	au attaint.

Digitized by

Goc. e

Anno decimo quinto Henrici VI. [1436*

A foreign plea pleaded by any of the defendants , found for the plaintiff, kcilw. 55.

This ftatute doth not extend to cities or boroughs.

xL s. at the first writ of diftrefs, and C. s. at the fecond writ of diftrefs, and the double of every other writ of diftrefs againft the perfons impanelled and returned to be fwom in the fame pitions. (10) And that no per-fon of lefc fufficiency of freehold than of the yearly value of xx. li. in the form aforefaid, lhall be fwom in the King’s Court upon any iffue in the faid anions of attaint, if he be for the fame by the plaintiffs in due form challenged, (n) And that alfo as often as any (heriff, bailiff of franchife, or coroner, do contrary to this ordinance, be (hall pay, and by this ftat-tute be bound to pay to the King x. li. and to the plaintiffs in the faid adtions and writs of attaint for their delay other x. li. (12) And if any of the foreign anfwers and pleas be tried and found againft any of the faid defendants, that then the fame judgment againft the fame defendants, and for the faid plaintiffs, (hall be given by the King’s juftices, and con-fideration of his courts, as by the lawftiouldbe given againft the fame defendants,* in cafe that the grand jury in the faid a&ions and writs of attaint, upon the points and articles of the fame writs, had paffed a-jgainft the fame defendants, and with the faid plaintiffs. (13) And that by the fame judgments, no other of the faid defendants, but they againft whom the aforefaia foreign anfwers and pleas be found and tried, (hall be prejudiced or endamaged; ^14) and that this ftatute touching the office of (heriff, bailiff of franchife, and coroner, in returning of the faid perfons of the fufficiency

of

meindres iffues en les ditz actions datteint retoume en la court du Roy qe xl. sf a le primer brief de deftrefle & cent foulz a le fecuride brief de di-ftreffe & le double a chefcun autre brief de diftreffe envers les perfones empanelles & re-toumes pur eftrejurrez en raef-mes les adions. Et qe null perfone de meindre fufficiante du frank tenement qe dell an-nuell value de xx, li’ en la four-me deffuifdit foit jurrie en la court du Roi fur null iffue en les ditz adions datteint fil foit pur icell par les pleintifs en due fourme chalanges. Et qe auxi fovent qeafcun vicount bailif du fraunchife ou coroner face le comrade de cede ordinance qil paie & par ceft eftatut foit tenuz a paier au Roy x. li. & a les pleintifs en les ditz adions & briefs datteint pur lour de-laies autres x. li. Et qe fi af-am des ditz foreins relponfes & plees foit triee & frove en-countre afcun des ditz defen-dantz qadonques mefmes les juggementz countre mefmes les defendantz & pur les ditz pleintifs foient dones par les juffices du Roy & confideration, de fes courts (i come par la leie ferroit donee envers les mefmes defendants en cas qe le graunde jurie en les ditz actions & bnefs datteint fur le9 points & articles de mefmes les briefs paffez encountre mefme les defendants & ovefqe les ditz pleintifs. Et qe par mefmes les juggementz null s^utre des ditz defendantz finon ceux vers queux les avauntditz foreins refponfes & plees fount troves & triez foit bleflez ne endamages. Et qe fi effatuit touchant loffice de . vi&ount bailif de fraunchife & coronet

Digitized by

Google

en

1436.] Anno decimo quinto Henrici VI.

eft retoumant des perfones de of freehold of the yearly value

2I5

la fufficiauntee du frank tenement dannuell value de xx. li/ et qe null perfone de meindre furaciante du frank tenement foit jurie en les ditz a<ftions briefs datteint ne extende pas as citees & burghs de le djt roialtne ne a les enhabitantz en icelles.

Purveu toutz foitz qe fi en afcuny de les ditz countees ne foient perfones enhabitantz de-foubz le ftate de baron del pof-fcflion dez terres & tenementz dannuell value de xx. li. en mefme le counte en la fourme avantdit a fuffire le noumbre pur eftre empanelles & retour-nes en les ditz a&ions & briefs datteint qadonques le vifcount bailifs de franchifez & coro-nours de mefme le counte empanel! & retoume en mefmes les actions & briefs parfones illeoqes enhabitantz de la pluis fufficiante du pofleflion dannuell value de terrez & tenementz deinz la value de xx. li. par an en mefme le counte en la fourme avauntdit & qe a ceux perfones nextende pas la-vauntdite chalanges qils ne fount del fufficiante des terres & tenementz dannuell value de xx. li. en mefme le counte £c ceo auxi fovent qe afcun de mefmes les vifcountz baillifs ou coroners face le contrarie de ceft darrein article qil paie au Roy x. li. & au ditz pleintifs x. li. en la fourme avaptdite.

CAP. VI.

rejtraint of unlawful orders made by mafltrs of guilds, fraternities, and other companies.

ITEM, Whereas the maflers wardens and people of the guilds, fraternities and other companies incorporate, dwelling in divers parts of the realm, oftentimes by colour of rule and governance and ftbcp terms in general words to them granted and confirmed by charters Fraternity,

¥ 4	(Wd	Company.

of xx. li. and that no perfon of lefs fufficiency of freehold be fwom in the faid actions and writs of attaint, (hall not extend to cities and boroughs within the faid realm, nor to the inhabitants in the fame.

II. Provided always, ThatArw|ed if in any of the faid counties therc be not there be not perfbns inhabiting fufficient men (under the eftate of a baron;in thc of pofleflion of lands and te-■ nements of the yearly value of tbe yearly v£-xx. li. in the fame county, in lue of the form aforefaid, to fuffice the number to be impanelled and returned in the faid actions and writs of attaint, that then the fheriff, and bailiffs of franchifes, and coroners of the fame county, (hall impanel and return in the fame actions and writs, perfons there inhabiting, of the moft fufficient of pof-feflion of yearly value of lands and tenements within the value of xx li. in the fame county in the form aforefaid; (a) and that to fych perfons the faid challenge extend not, that he is not of pofleflion of lands and tenements of the yearly value of xx li. in the fame county;

(3) and that as often as any of the lame (heriffs, bailiffs, or coroners do contrary to this prefent article, he (hall pay to the King x li. and to the plain-tiffs x li. in the form aforelaid. H# * **

1 Digitized by Google

2i6	Anno	dccimo	quinto	Henrici	VI.	[1436.

and letters patents of the King's progenitors, make themfehes many unlawful and tinreafonable ordinances as well of many fuch things, whereof the conifance, punijbment and correction all only pertaineth to the King, lords of franchifes, and other perfons^ and whereby our fovereign lord the King and other be difberited of their profits and franchifes, as of things, which oftentimes in confederacy is made for their fmgularprofit, and common damage to the people: the fame our fovereign lord the King, by the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the prayer of the commons afore-laid, hath ordained by authority of the fame parliament, that the mafters, wardens, and people of every fuch guild, fra—

I	iemity,	or	company	incorporate,	betwixt	this and the feaft of

Saint Michael next coming, (hall bring and do all their letters f „	patents	and	charters to be regiftercd ot record before the juftices

of peace in the counties, or before the chief governors of the laid cities, boroughs, and towns, where fuch guilds, fraternities and companies be. And moreover hath ordained and defended, by the authority aforefaid,that from henceforth no fuch mafters, gardens, nor people make nor ufe no ordinance which (hall be to the difherifon of diminution of the King’s franchifes, or of other, nor againft the common profit of the people nor none other ordinance of charge, if it be not first difeufled and approved for good and reasonable, admitted by the juftices of peace, or the chief governors aforefaid, and before them entered of record, and after by them revoked and repealed, if it be foi^n^ by them not lawful or not reafonable, and that upon pain to Ipfe and forfeit the force and the effe<ft of all the articles copiprifed in their faid writs and charters, by which they might do the fame ordinances to be entered and moreover to lofe and pay x. li. to the King for every ordinance that any of them doth make or ufc to the contrary, as often as he (hall be of that by due pro-cefs, and lawful manner convidt of record before any of the faid juftices of peace, or chief governors of cities, towns, and boroughs. And this ordinance (hall endure as long as it (hall ^H. 7. c. 7. pleafe our faid fovereign lord the King.

CAP. VII.

All perfons religious and fecular may make their general attornies to fue or plead for them in every hundred and wapentakes

ITEM, our faid fovereign lord the King, by the affent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and. commons aforefaid, hath ordained and Jlabh/hcd by authority aforefaid: That from henceforth all -the abbots, priors, and other religious perfons, and their fucceffors, and every of them, which have lands and tenements or other pofleffions within any of the wapentakes of Stainclife wapentake or Friendihjfe wapentake in Craven in the county of York may make their attornies general in all the courts within the faid wapentakes and every of them, that is to fay, every of thq abbots, priors, and religious perfons feverally under the common feal of

his

Digitized by L^ooQle

U7

1436.] Anno d^cipw) quinto HenRICI VI.-

hi? houfe> to win and lofc in every manner of plea, for any or againft any of them in the faid courts, or any ot them moved , or to be moved. And that the faid abbots and priors and religious pcrfons and their faid attornies and every of them, may plead in the faid courts and every of them, all manner of pleas, which be pleadable in law and in the law allowable, and that every fteward and bailiff of or in every of the faid courts for the time being, (hall as well receive any attorney in the manner aforefaid to be made, as the faid pleas by the faid abbots, priors, or religious perfons, and by their faid attornies, and by every of them to be pjeaded, without amercing the faid abbots, priors, ojr religious perfons or any of them in the manner aforefaid, or otherwise than fecular perfons in like cafe without fraud fhould be amerced. And that every of the ftewards and bailiffs aforefaid, at every time that he doth contrary to this ordinance, (hall forfeit and pay to the king x. li. and that every perfon which will fue for the King in this cafe, (hall have a writ of debt founded upon tl>is ftatute, and (hall have the half for his labour, and the King the other half. And that in the fame manner all other abbots, priors, and other religious perfons and their fucceffors, and any other fecular perfons within this realm, in eveiy hundred and wapentake within the fame realm, may make their attornies general, to plead for them and every of them in the form aforefaid, that is to fay, the (aid abbots, priors, and religious perfons under the common feal, and the fecular perfons under their feals. And if the ftewards, bailiffs, or any minifter of any 10 h 10# fuch hundred or toapentake do contrary to the fame, every of 13 Ed. i. ftatl them (hall forfeit to the King x. li. as afore is faid, and this c. 10. ftatute and ftablifhment (hall endure as long as it (hall pleafe the 7*R- *• c-f4* King.

CAP. VIII.

No merchant Jhall fhip any merchandifes of the ftaple, but at wharfs ajfgned, &c.

ITEM, our fivereign lord the king, to remove and efchew the great unlawfulnefs and damage, which daily is to him done, in withhold-• ihg the cuftoms and fubfidies, and impediment to the ftaple ^Calais of the fafe of wools and woolfels, by fuch which do Jhip their wools * and woolfels in divers ficret parts and creeks, and other fufpefi places within this realm, ftealing bringing and carrying the fame not cujlomed to divers parts beyond the fea, and not to Calais; hath ordained by No perfon (ball the authority aforefaid, that from henceforth no manner of (hip anymer-perfon (hall (hip nor do to be (hipped wools, w'oolfels, nor other chandifeofthe tnerchandifes pertaining to the ftaple, in no place within this kut^at realm, but all only at the keys and wharfs being in the porti figned^here afligned by the ftatute, where the King’s weights and his wools the King s be fet. (2) And that every mafter of (hips and vefiels, in the weight* are. which fuch wools and	and	merchandifes be put, (hall

find fufficient furety to the cuftomers of the ports, where they do Chip, to carry the faid wools and woolfels to the ftaple of.l8H 6 c ^ Calais, and to bring a certification from thence, that he hath fo i* h. 6. c. 5/

done. * Ed.*, c.2.

• Digitized by	*

>7 H. S.

done. (3) Saving always to the merchants of Genoa, Venice, Tuf-cany, Lombardy, Florence, and Catalonia, and to the burgejfes ^Berwick, the liberties to them granted byjlatute heretofore.

Statutes made at Wejimtnfler, Anno 18 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1439.

0(UR lord King Henry the \fixth after the cmquefl, at his parliament holden at W eftmin-fter the morrow after St. Martin, in winter, the twelfth day ^November, the eighteenth year of his reign, to the honour of God, and for the weal of him and of his realm, by the advice and ajfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in the fame parliament ajfembled, hath made, or-dained, and JlabliJhed divers flatties and ordinances in the form following.

NOSTRE feignur leRoi Henry le fifme apres le conqueft a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le lendemayn de Seint Martin en iver le xijmejour de Novembre lan de fon reigne xviije al onour de Dieu & pur le bien de luy & fon roialme de ladvys & aflent des feignurs efpirituelx & temporelx & les communes en mefme le parlement aflembleez ad fait or-deigner & eftablier diverfes eftatuitz & ordinances en la fburme qenfuit.

CAP. I.

Letters patents Jhall hear the date of the King's warrant delivered into the chancery.

c. n. TMRST, whereas by fuit made J? to the King by divers perfons it hath been defired by their petitions , to have offices, forms, and other things%of the gift and grant of the King, by his gracious letters patents thereof to them to be made, defiring by the fame petitions, the fame letters patents of the King to bear date at a certain day limited in the fame, the which day is often long before, the King9s grant to them thereupon made have borne the fame date, by reafon whereof divers of the King's liege people having fuch offices, forms, and other things of the gift or grant of the King, by his gracious letters patents thereof to them long time before duly made, by fuch fubtil imagination of fuch ante•

PRimerement come par fuitc ftut au Roy par divers gentz ad efte defire par lour petitions daver offices fermes & autres chofes del don & graunte du Roy par fez gracious lettres patentz ent a eux a faire defi-rauntz par icell petitions mef-mes les lettres patentz du Roy de porter date a certein jour li-mite en icell le quell jour eft fovent longement devaunt le graunte du Roy a eux faitz de lour ditz petitions parount les lettres patentz du Koy a eux fur ceo faitz ount porte mefme la date a caufe de quell divers lieges du Roy eiantz tielx offices fermes & autres chofes du don ou graunte du Roy par fez gracious lettres patentz a

dates defired by fuch petitions, of eux longe temps devaunt due fuch offices, forms, and other ment fait par tielz fubtilsyma-

things,

Digitized by

GoogI

gmauon^

219

rinations de tiels antedates de-firez par tiels petitions de tiels offices fermes & autres chofez fovent ount efte ouftes amoves & expelles cncountre droit bon confcience & reafon. Noftre dit feignur le Roy voillant ou-flier tiels ymaginations del avys & afient des feignurs efpiritu-elx & temporelx & al efpeciale requeft des ditz communes ad ordine par au&orite de mefme le parlement qe de qeconqe garrant en apres par mefme noftre feignur le Roy ou fez heires al chaunceller dEngle-terre pur les temps efteant ad* dreffe le jour du livere dicell al chaunceller foit cntre du re-corde en la chauncerie et qe le chaunceller face faire lettres patentes fur mefmes les gar-rantz portantz date le jour du dit'livere en la chauncerie & nemy devaunt en null manere ct fi afcuns lettres patentes foient defore faitz al contrarie foient voidez irritez & tenuz pur nulles.

things, often have been put out , amoved, and expelled, againjl right, good confcience, and reafon :

(2)	Our faid lord the King, willing to put out fuch imaginations, by the advice and afient of the lords fpiritual and temporal aforefaid, and at the fpecial requeft of the faid commons hath ordained, by authority of the fame parliament.

That of every warrant here- The King's after fent by tne fame our lord Patents the King, or his heirs, to the S»ed«^of 1the chancellor of England for the King’/wartime being, the day of the de- rant into the livery of the fame to the chan- chancery de-cellor (hall be entered of record in the chancery; (3) and that Dyer, 1 jj/ the chancellor do caufe letters patents to be made upon the fame warrant, bearing date the day of the laid delivery in the chancery, and not before in any wife ; (4) and if any letters patents be from henceforth made to the contrary, they lhall be void, fruftrate, and holden for none.

CAP. II.

They which have gavelkind lands to the yearly value of twenty pounds, may be returned in attaints.

ITEM come al parlement noftre feignur le Roy tenuz a Wcftm’ lan de fon reigne xvme cntre autres articles loit ordeigne qe null vifcount bailie de fraunchis ne coroner en action ou briefes datteyntesde plee de terre de annuell value de xl. s. ou pluis nen action de atteynt des faitz concemantz terres & tenementz de arinuel value de xl. s. ou pluis ne per-fonell a&ion dount le jugement de recovere extend al lomme de xl. li.’ ou pluis retoume ne empanelle en null inquifition ne enquefte nulles perfones mes ceux enhabitauntz deinz fa bailie qi ount cftate a lour

oeps

ITEM, where in the parlia- ISH* c. 5, ment of our lord the King, holden at Weftminfter the fifteenth year of his reign, among other articles it was ordained. That no Jheriff, bailiff of franchife, nor coroner, in action or writs of attaint of plea of land of the yearly value of xl. s. or more, nor in action of attaint of deeds concerning lands and tenements of the yearly value of id. s. and more, nor in perfonal action, whereof the judgment of the recovery extends to xl. li. or more, Jhmi return or impanel in any inquifition or inquejl, any perfons but them that be inhabiting within his baiUivick, which have tfate

Digitized by aO^le

to their ufe9 er they to whom other perjons have eftate of fee-f triple, fee-tail* or free-hold, in lands and tenements of the yearly value of xx. li. or more, within his bailiwick) out of antient de-meati) five ports, and the tenure of gavelkind*) (2) in refpeft of which ordinance) feeing within the county of Kent there be but thirty or forty perfons at the moft) which have any lands * or tenements out of the tenure of gavelkind) be-cauje the greater part of the faid county, or well nigh all, is of the tenure of gavelkind, which perfons be continually impanelled and returned in the faid aftionS) to the great hindrance and impoverijhment of 8. c. 3. the fame perfons* (3) our faid lord, the King considering the premifles, hath granted, ordained, and ftablimed, by au-They Which thority aferefaid, That thofe have gavel, men which have eftate to their kind lands to ufe, and alfo they to whofe ufe the yearly other men have eftate, of fee-fee-tail, or free-hold, panelled upon in lands and tenements of the attaints not- yearly value of xx. li. of the withftanding tenure of gavelkind, (hall be *he < returned and impanelled in all c.e !5 * ‘ fuch attaints as be above recited,* which attaints be not now depending, but may depend in time to come, in the fame manner and form as any other perfon may be returned and impanelled by force of the faid ftatute made t}ie faid fifteenth yegr.

oeps ou ceux as queux autres perfones ount eftate de fee Ample fee taille ou framftenement en terres & tenementz de an-nuell value de xx. li.’ par an ou pluis deins fa bailie hors de auncien demefne cynk port* & la tenure de gavylkynde par caufe de quel ordenau nee a caufe qe deins le counte de Kent fount qe trent ou quar-. rant perfones a pluis qe ount afeuns terres ou tenement* hors de tenure de gavylkynde pur ceo qe la grendre partie du dit counte ou bien pres tout eft de tenure de gavylkynde les queux perfones fount continuelment empanellez & retournez en les ditz actions datteintes a graunde anientif-ment & empoverifment des mefmes les perfones noftre dit feignur le Roy confiderant les premifles ad graunte ordine & eftablie par lau&orite defuifdit qe iceux hommes qi ount eftat a lour oeps & auxint iceux as queux oeps autres hommes ount eftat de fee Ample fee taille ou fra&enement es terres & tenementz dannuell value de xx. li.’ de la tenure de gavylkynde foient retournez & empanellez en autiels atteihtes come fount defoubtz reciteez les queux atteintes ne fount pas ore pendantz mes purront pen-dre en temps aVenir mefmes en les manere & fourme come afeun autre perfone poet eftre retournez & empanellez par force du dit eftatuit fait le dit an quindAfme.

CAP. III.

Butter and cheefe may be tranfported without licence.

Ex edit. Pulton.

21 R. 2. c, 17. 3 H. 6. c. 4. 14 H. 6. c. 2.

ITEM, Whereas in the ftatute made the xxj. year of King Richard the Second, at the grievous complaint of his commons, (hewing how the ftaple was limited to reft at Calais, (2) and that all manner of wools, woolfels, leather, lead, tin, cheefe, butter and haiey, going out of the realm of England)

oughj

Digitized by Google

221

1439-] Anno «tecimo oftavo Henrici VI.

ought to have recourfe to the fajd place of Calais, and to n6 place elfewhere: (3) certain perfons by their fuggeftions had before that time purchafed licences to carry out wools, and other merchandifes aforefaid, to what parts beyond the fea that pleafed them, of the King’s amity, to the which their licences do extend, without coming to the faid places of Calais, to the great advantage of the perfons fo having licences, and great damage of them which have no licence: (4) wherefore the faid King by authority of his parliament holden the year aforefaid* ordained ana ftablifhed. That the faid ftatute (hould be holden and obferved as to the grea't merchandifes aforefaid, that is to fay, wools, woolfels, tin and lead only, without licence thereof to be granted but by the King him-felf. (5) In refpe<5t of which ftatute fo made, the chancellor for the time being often hath denied to grant licences for cheefe and butter to be carried to any other place, but only to the The King’s fame Calais, to the great damage of the people of this realm: people may (6) Our faid lord the King confidering that cheefe and butter carry butter is a merchandife which cannot be well kept, nor tarry his mer- any plac/out chant, and will be greatly impaired by vermin and wonns, 0* the realm, and is alfo tender and of fo Ample price, that it cannot well bear beingin amity the cofts of the ftaple* hath ordained by the authority aforefaid, withtheKing, that the King’s liege people may convey and carry out of his	^

realm, whither it (hall pleafe them of the King’s, amity, cheefe and butter without any licence to be purfued in any wife, paying for the fame thecuftoms and fubfidies thereof due from time to time, any ftatute made to the contrary notwith-ftanding.	3	H. 6. c. 4.

, II. Provided that the King may reftrain the fame when it (hall pleafe him.	J*

CAP. IV.

No merchant alien	fhall fell any merchandifes in England to

another merchant alien. Mayers, &c. of cities and towns to execute this a£l.

IT E M, whereas great damages and lofles daily come to the Ex edit. Raft.

King and to his people, by the buying and felling that the Maxhrmt* merchants aliens and ftrangers do make at their properaicns# will and liberty, without any notice governance and furvey-ing of any of the King’s lawful liege people, as by fuch buying and felling, which they ufe together of ail manner of merchandifes every of them with other, and alfo by covins and com-paflings, that they do to impair and abate the price and value of all manner of merchandifes of this noble realm, and do increafe and inhance the price of all their own merchandifes, whereby the faid merchants aliens be greatly enriched, and the Kings uibje<5ts merchants denizens of the fame realm grievoufly impoveriftied, and great treafure by the fame aliens brought out of this realm, the cuftoms and fubfidies by them due to the King for the caufes aforefaid greatly diminilhed, and the jiavy of the feid realm greatly deftroyed and hindered. And

whereas

Digitized by

Google

aast

Anno decimo odavo Henrici VI. [ 1430.'

whereas by divers ftatutes before this time made it was ordained, That in every city, town, and port of the fea of Eng-land, where the merchants aliens and ftrangers be or (hall be repairing, fufficient hofts (hall be affigned to the fame merchants, by the mayor, (heriffs, or bailiffs of the faid cities, towns, and ports of the fea, and that the merchants aliens and ftrangers (hall not be dwelling in any other place but with the (aid hofts (b affigned, which be not fufficient and convenient remedies enough againft the damages and inconveniences aforefaid: Our faid fovereign lord the King, willing againft the £une damages and inconveniences to provide a remedy in this behalf, hath ordained by authority aforefaid, That from henceforth no merchant alien or ftranger, (hall fell no manner of merchandife to other merchant alien or ftranger, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame merchandifes. And that all merchants aliens and ftrangers from henceforth coming or abiding to merchandife within any city, town, borough, or port in England, (hall be under the furveying of certain people called hofts or furvevors to them affigned by the mayors, (heriffs, or bailiffs of the fame cities, towns, boroughs, or ports by the manner enfuing. And that every fuch merchant alien coming to any of the cities, towns, boroughs or ports, within three days after his faid coming, (hall oner him in perlon before the mayor, (heriff, or bailiff, of the fame city, borough, town, or port, to which he cometh, to have an hoft to him affigned* And that the mayors, (heriffs or bailiffs, of every of the faid towns, boroughs, and ports, within iiii. days next after that they have notice of the coming or being of any fuch merchants* (hall affign to the fame merchants aliens fufficient hofts which be good and credible perfons, Englijhmen bom, expert in the feat of merchandife, and not exercifing fuch merchandifes, which the merchants aliens being under their furveying for the time do ufe. And that the fame hofts (hall furvey and be privy to all the merchandifes, which the faid merchants (hall difcharge at any port or place pf this realm, or (hall bring or do to be brought out of the fame, and to all fellings, buying^, and coritraCs of merchandifes, which they do within the faid parts and places* And that every fuch merchant, which bring-eth or doth to be brought from henceforth any merchandifes and them difeharge within any port or place of the faid realm, (hall put them to fale by the furveying of the faid hofts, and make full employment of all the fame merchandifes, (except all manner of cloths of gold, of filver, and of filk) within eight months next after the coming of the fame merchandifes to any port, fafe, or place difcharged of the faid realm, deducing their reafonable cofts and expences, that is to fay, they (nail fell the fame merchandifes for other merchandifes of the faid realm, or (hall fell them for money, and with the fame money they (hall buy within the time aforefaid other merchandifes growing and made within the fame realm, upon pain to forfeit all the faid money within the faid term not employed*

Digitized by L )Qle

1439-] Anno decimo o£tavo Henrici VI.

ployed. And that it (hall be lawful to the faid merchants aliens and drangers, after the faid eight months to carry out of the faid realm all the faid merchandifes within the fame term (as is faid) and not fold, without any cuftoms or fubftdies thereof to be paid. And if the faid merchants aliens after the faid eight months fell any of the (aid merchandifes within this realm, that then they (hall be forfeit. And every of the faid hods (hall do to be regiftered and written in a book from time to time all the faid merchandifes, which the merchants aliens (hall have and receive, and all the buyings, fales, contrails, and employments that they do by their knowledge and furveying, and the tranfcript thereof (hall bring or do to be brought before the treafurer and barons of the King’s exchequer two times by the year, that is to fay, at the beginning of the two terms of Eafter and Saint Michael And the fame hods their executors, heirs or landtenants by colour of fuch tranfcript or any other thing concerning the faid occupation of hod, (had not be bound to accompt within the faid exchequer, nor otherwilc charged. And the faid hod (hall take for his labour in that cafe of every merchant dranger two pence for every twenty (hillings in value of all manner of merchandifes fo by the (aid merchants aliens fold and bought. And every fuch hod in his fird admiflion to the faid occupation, (hall fwear before the mayors, (heriffs, and bailiffs, by whom he (hall be afligned to fuch occupation, well and lawfully to ufe and exercife the lame occupation. And if he be found unlawful or defedive to the contrary, then (hall he be put out of the faid occupation by the faid mayors, (heriffs, and bailiffs, as often. as to them Audi feem needful, and other by them put in his place, and moreover to punifh him after his defending by difcretion of the lame mayors, (heriffs, and bailiffs. And if any merchant alien or dranger do not offer him to take fuch hod, or after that an hod be to him afligned, as afore is faid, refufe to be under the furvey and governance of fuch hod, in the manner afore-faid, he (nail be taken and arreded by the faid mayors, (heriffs, or bailiffs, and put in prifon, there to remain without being let to bail or mainprife, till he hath found fuflicient furety, to be under the governance of (uch hod, to make him privy to all the fales, buying and contrails of his merchandifes, as aforefeid, and the lame merchant alien in that cafe (hall make fine ai*d ranfom at the King’s pleafure. And if any fuch merchant alien make anv buying, fale or contrail of merchandife, without the faid furveying of his hod, or making the faid hod privy to all the faid merchandifes, fold, bought, or contralled, as afore is (aid, he (hall forfeit the value of the fame goods bought or fold, or the fum or value of that whereof the contrail is made. And if any fuch mayor, fheriff, or bailiff let any fuch merchant willingly to be without hod in the form aforefaid, and go at large without arrefting him, and putting him in prifon, ana punifhmg in the form atorefaid, the fame mayor, meriff, or bailiff (hall forfeit twenty pounds to the King

for

Digitized by

Google

Anno declmo oftavo HenjucI Vi. [143^.

fot every merchant alien fo willingly fufFered to go at large not fcrrefted, and for every fuch merchant alien and ftranger, to whom fuch hoft in the form aforefaid is not affigned. And if any man which is by fuch mayor, (heriff, or bailiff affigned to be hoft to any fuch merchant alien and ftranger, refufe to be fuch hoft, he (hall pay every time to the King, that he fo refufeth to be hoft ten pounds; And every merchant alien and ftranger, which employ not the faid money within the faid eight months (as is faid) or that he fell his faid merchandifes in England after the fame eight months, and thereof before any of the King’s judges be duly convidt by his examination or other-wife at the King’s fuit, or at the fuit of his liege people, which will fue for the King and for himfelf in thefe two cafes aforefaid, then the faid merchant alien and ftranger, (hall incur the pain and forfeiture aforefaid. And he that will fue, (hall have the fourth part of the faid forfeitures, and the King the three other parts. And that this adl and ordinance (hall begin to hold place at the feaft of Eajler next coming, and (hall endure till the end of eight years next enfuing. And that betwixt this and the feaft of Eajler, certain commiflioners under the King’s great feal, rehearfing all the fame a£t and ordinance, (hall be made and feverally directed to the mayors, (heriffs, or bailiff’s, of every city, town, borough, and port of the faid realm, where fuch merchants aliens and ftrangers be or (hall be abiding or repairing, ftraightly charging the fame mayors, (heriffs, and bailiffs, which be or which for the time (hall be, to publi(h and put all the faid a<ft and ordinance indue execution. Provided always, That the merchants of the Hanfe of Almaine, and all *5* other merchants under the King’s obedience, be not comprifed 9m within this a<ft and ordinance : So that alwajs by this provifion . 1, and ordinance no prejudice be given or done to any alliance or t truce made by the King or any of his noble progenitors before •*• this time.

CAP. V.

None appointed to be a collector of a fifteen in a city^fball be alfo collector in the fame county, except be bath lands, &c.

ITEM, Whereas heretofore at the time of every Quin-zime and Difme granted to the King or to his progenitors, the collectors of the fame Difmes within the cities and boroughs of his rcalmy having citizens or bur-geffes of them coming to the parliament> have often been deputed and affigned of perfons dwelling ' within the fame cities and boroughs^ ivhich and other perfons dwelling in the fame have been often now of late made collectors

ITEM come devaunt cez heures al temps de chef-cun xvme & xme a Roy ou a fez progenitours grauntez col-ledtours de mefme Ie xme deins' les citces & burghs de fori roialme eiantz citezeins ou burgeys de eux veignauntz al parlement o*jnt fovent efte de-putez & aflignes des gentz demurrantz deins mefmes les citees & burghs les queux & autres gentz demurantz en yccll ount ore tardc fovent foitz

Digitized by v^ooQle

foitz eftez faitz colle&ours de les xvme & xn*e a Roy graurltes fibien en les countes deins quell friefmes les citees Sc burghs fount come deins mefmes les citees & burghs a lour graunde perde Sc dammage Sc fembla-ble deftre en apres fi remedie cnt ne foit purveux mefme noftre feignur le Roy voillant encountre tielx perde Sc damage purvoier de remedie en ceft partie ordeigne par lauc-torite defuifdit qe null homme demurant deins afcun cite ou burgh deins le dit roialme de la quell cite ou burgh il ad efte nfe devaunt cez heures & un-quore eft les nouns de certeins homes par les perfones pur la dit citee ou burgh veignauntz al parlement deftre deliverez en la chauncerie du Roy deftre colle&ours du xme en mefme le citee ou burgh Sc fur qe le Roy ad mys fez lettres patentz a mefmes les perfones iffint nomes & deliveres en fa dit chauncerie deftre colleCtours de la xme ou parcell dicell deins la dit citee ou burgh et les queux colleCtours ount ac-comptes 5c fount tenuz da-comptier de lour receit en ceft partie immediat en lefehequer du Roy foit en afcun manere depute ne afligtie deftre col-ledtour dafeun xvme0u afcun parcell dicell au Roy ou fez heires grauntes ou a graun-tiers deins afcun countee diced roialme finon qil poet expehdre en le countee hors du dit citee ou burgh es terres ou tene-mentz a la value de C s* par an outre les charges 5c reprifez.

of the fami Quinzimes and Dif-tnes granted to the King, as well in the counties within which the fame cities and biroughs be, as within the fame cities and boroughs to their great lofs and damage, and likely mofe td be hereafter, if remedy be not provided ; (2; the fame our lord the King, willing againft fuch lofs and damage to provide a remedy in this behalf, hath ordained by the authority afore-faid, That no man dwelling Nd rtandwd-within any city or borough of ^	^

the faid realm, of which city rough, ap-or borough it hath been ufed pointed to be before this time, and yet is, c®11^or for the names of certain men by‘he SriU the perfons for the faid city or be fo id the borough coming to the parlia- fiune county* ment to be delivered in the King’s chancery, to the collectors of Difmes in the fame city or borough, and whereupon the King hath fent his letters patents to the fartie perfons fo named and delivered in his chancery, to be collectors of the Difmes, or parcel of the fame, within the faid city or borough, and the which collectors have ufed and been bound to account of their receipt ih this behalf imifUediate^ ly in the King’s exchequer,

(nail in any wife be deputed nor affigned to be collector of any ^htinZime, or any parcel of the fame, granted ot ta be granted to the King or his heirs within any county of this realm, except that he tnay dif-pend in the county out of the faid city or borough, in lands or tenements, to the value of an hundred (hillings by year, over the charges and repriles.

Vol. in.

ft.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

2*6	Annedecimo	cxJhvo	HENRtcl	Vi.	[14#.

ra.6x.ts*

a Leon. 124, 385*

Goldsb.ix*

pi.*,

Savil 70.

CAP. VI.

No lands Jhall be granted by Utters patents, until the King’t title be found by inquijition.

ITEM, whereas in a parliament holden at Weftminfter, the morrow after St. Matthew fke ApoJlle, the eighth year of the reign 0] our lord the King that now is, among other things it was ordained, That no lands or tenements feifed into the King9s hands upon tnquejls taken before the ef-eheators or commiffmers, Jhall not be granted nor let in any wife to ferm by the chancellor or treafurer of England* or any other the King’s officer, until the fame in-quefis and verdifis 1be fully returned into the chancery, or into the exchequers (2) but all fetch lands and tenements Jhall wholly and continually remain in the king’s hands, until the faid in-quejls and Verdi&s be returned) and by a month after the fame return ; if it be not feo that he or they which feel themfehes grieved by the fame inqueflS) or put out of their lands or tenements> come into the chancery, and offer themfehes to traverfe the faid inquefts, and offer themfehes to take the fame lands or tenements to ferm \ (3) and if they fo do, that then the fame lands and tenements Jhall be eommitted to tberrt) if they Jbew good evidences proving their tra-4>erfe to be truey according to the form of the flatute made the fix and thirtieth year of King Edward the Third*, to hold until the iffue taken upon the fame traverfe bf found and dijcujfed for the King, or for the party, finding jitfficient Jurety to pttrjue the faid traverfe with ejfeft, and to yield and to pay to the King the yearly value of the lands or tenements, whtreof the traverfe Jhall be fo takenj*

ITEM cortie en le parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lendemayn de Seint Mathe lappoftd lan du reigne noftre feignur le Roy qoreft viijine oreine foit entre autres qe nullez terres ne tenements feifiez en mayns le Roy fur enqueftes prifes de^ vaunt les efehetours ne comj miflloners ne foient afeune-ment leflez ne gtauntez a ferine per chaunceller ou treforer dEngleterre ou autre officer le Roy qeconqe tanqe mefmes les enqueftes & verditz foient re-tournez plainement en la chauncerie ou en lefeheqer mes demurgent touts tiel* terres & tenements entirement & continuelment en lez mayns k Roy tanqe les ditz enqueftes & verditz foient retournes & par un moys apres mefme le retourne fi iffint ne foit qe ceux ou.celuy qi fent ou fentent eux grevez par mefmes ks enqueftz ou ouftes de lour terres ou tenements veignent en la chaun-cery & foy preferont de traver-fer les ditz enqueftes & foy of-. feront de prendre mefmes les terres & tenementz a ferine foient commys a eux fils mon-ftrent bons evidences provaunt lour traverfe eftre ver-roiez folonc la fourme de le-ftatuit fait lan xxxvim* le Roy E. tierce a tenir tanqe liflue fur mefme le traverfe pris foit trove & difeufle pur le Roy ou pur le partie trovant fuffifaunt furete de fuer le dit traverfe ove effedfce & de rendre paier au Roy le annuel value de terres ou tene-meetz dount la traverfe enfy fcrra pris fils foit difeufle pur 6	le

Digitized by

Google

taken, if it be adjudged for the King; (4) and if any letters patents of any lands or tenements be made to any other perfon to the contrary, or let to ferm within

1439.J	Anno decimo oftavo Henrici VI.	tiy

le Roy & fi afcuns lettres patents des afcuns terres ou tenement foient faitz a contra-rie a afcun autre perfone ou lefle a ferine deinz le dit moys

de retourtie foient voidez & te- the faid month of the return, they nuz pur null.Le quel bon eftatu- Jball be voidy and holdeh for none. it & ordinaunce divers perfones (5) The which good flatute and 36 Ed.3.c.iif ymarinantz a fubverter par lour ordinance divers pcrfons deviftng to lubtilitie de fervir come de null fubvert, and by their fubtilty to purfuount daver tielx dones ferve as for no purpofe, have fued grauntes & fermes par lettres to obtain fuch gifts and grants,

thelT

patentes du Roy devaunt afcun mquifition on title trove pur le Roy dieelx pretendauntz tielx dones & grauntes nient eftre comprife ne remedies par le

and fermsy by the King's letters patents, before any inquifition of title found for the King of the famey pretending fuch gifts and grants not comprifed nor remedied

dit eftatuit nient obftant qil eft by the faidfatutey notwithfland-*n owel mefchief de le dit e- ing that it ts in like mifchiefof the

ftatuit. Noftre feignur le Roi confiderant les premifles & Voillant en ceo partie purvoier de remedie ad ordeigne par lau&orite defuifdit qe nullez lettres patentes foient faitz a afcun perfone ou perfones daf-cunes terres ou tenementz devaunt inquis’ de title du Roy en yceux trove en fa chaunce-rie ou en fon efchequyr re-tourne fi title du Roy en yceux ne foit trove de recorde ne deinz le moys apres mefme le re-tourne fil ne foit a celuy ou ceux qi tende ou tendent lour tra-verfez come defuis eft dit & fi afcuns lettres patentes foient faitz a contraire foient voides & tenuz pur null.

faidflatute.	(6)	Our	faid lord Bro.Office,56*

the King, confidering the pre- r>ycr»I46»

mifles, and willing to provide

due remedy in this behalf,

hath ordained by the authority

aforefaid, That no letters pa- No lands (h*U

tents (hall be made to any per- be granted be-

fon or perfons, of any lands *°rc

or tenements, before inquifi- therewitobe

tion of the King’s title in the found by in-

fame be found in the chancery quifition,nor

or in his exchequer returned, a

if the King’s title in the fame

be not found of record, nor him that ten-

within the month after the dereth his tra-

fame return, if it be not to him verfe*

or them which tender their

(raverfes as afore is faid; (7) March *4.

and if any letters patents be

made to the contrary, they aJ H.«.c.i7.

(hall be void, and. holden for t h.S.c.io.

none.

CAP. VII.

In what	time an efcbeator Jhall return an office found before

him.

ITEM ordeigne eft par lauc-torite defuifdit qe en cas qe afcun efchetour preigne afcun office devaunt luy & ne raourne mdmc (office en If chaun-

ITEM, it is ordained by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe that any efcheator take any office before him, and return not the fame office in the Q 2	chan-

Google

22?

An elcheator (hall return an office found before him into the chancery or exchequer within a month.

S H.6.C.16. t H.8.C.S.

Anno decimo o&avo HenIuci VI. [1439;

chancery, or in the King’s ex- chaunccrie ou lefchequyr du chequer, in the month after Roy deins le moys apres la prife the taking of the fame, he (hall dicell qil outre lapeyne de xl.li. incur the pain of xl. li. which les queux il ad forfait par le-he hath forfeit by the ftatute ftatut fait lan du reigne noftre made the eighth year of our dit feignur le Roy oeptiime foit faid lord the King: (2) andal- tenuz a paier a medne noftre fo he (hall be charged to pay feignur le Roy a taunt come il to the fame our lord the King eft endamage a caufe de non as much as he is endamaged retoume de tiel office. Et qe in refpeft of not returning of le chaunceller dEngleterre ap-fuch office; and that the chan- pelle a luy Je treforer dEngle-cellor of England call to him terre en leflant tieux fermes the treafurer of England in let- pur due execution faire de dit ting fuch ferms, to make due eftatut fait le dit an oeptiime. execution of the faid ftatute made the faid eighth year.

CAP. VIII.

What things be requifite to make the King's fafe conduct

good.

ITEM, whereas many people of TTEM come plufours gentz the commons aforefaidy owners A des communes fuifditz pof-of Jhips and vejfels of this realm, feflours de niefs & vefleaux du and the majlers ana mariners of roialme noftre fovereigne fei-fuch JhipSj taking Jhips and vef- gnur les maiftres & mariners felt ofSpzm, and of other par- ae tielx niefs he vefleaux par-tiesy adverfaries and enemies to nours des niefs he vefleaux de oUr faid lord the Kingy by the fuit Spayne he dautres panics ad-of merchants aliens of the King's verlaries & enemeys au dit no-amityy made before the King and ftre foveraigne feignur par le his councily and fometime before fuyte des merchauntz aliens the chancellor of TEngland, have del amite du noftre Roy teen greatly vexedy and be dailyy fait devaunt le Roy & fon for that the faid takers do take counfaill he afeun foitz devaunt their goods and merchandifes char- le chaunceller dEngleterre ount ged in the faid /hips and vejfels of efte graundement vexez he font Spain and other parity enemies de jour en autre de ceo qe les aforefaidy andfometime by falfe- ditz parnours prifteront lour witnefSy marksy and letters tejli- biens he merchandifes chargez moniahy contrivedy the faid ali- en mefmes les niefs he vefleaux ens be rejlored to the faid goods de Spayne he autres parties e-and merchandifes with their da- nemyes fuifditz & afeun foitz mages and expeneesy to the great par faux tefmoignes marques and grievous lofs of the faid own- he lettres teftimonialx contre-erSy maflersy and marinerx, ta- vez fount reftorez as ditz biens iers aforefaidy and difeourage- he merchaundifes ove lour da-ment to the King's liege People to mages & expenfes a graunde he make fuch Jhips and vejfelsy and grevoufe damage des ditz pof-in hindrance of the navy of the (eflours maiftres* he mariners realm aforefaid: (2) our faid parnours fuifditz difeorage as

lord	lijcs

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno dccimo ofiavo Henrici VL-

Jord the King confidering the matter aforefaid, and how the

foods and merchandifes of theK ling’s liege people in like cafe charged and takep be forfeit to the King, hath ordained and granted by the authority afore-laid, That the faid merchants

*439']

lieges noftre dit feignur le Roy a wire niefs & vefieaulx & en amenufement du navie du roi-alme fuifdit noftre dit feignur le Roy confiderant la matier fuifdit & coment les biens & merchaundifes des lieges du RoV enfemble cas chargez & prifez fount forfaitz au Roy ad ordeignez ff grauntez par lauc-torite de fuifdit qe les dit merchauntz aliens a lourvolunte purrount charger tieulx niefs Sc veffealx de Spayne & dau-tres parties adversaries & ene-myes du Roy fi les maiftres pofleflours ou merchauntz de tielx veffealx & niefs eient les kttres patentes du Roy de fon fauf-conduk fuerte ou fauf-

rdc pur tielx niefs vefieaulx merchaundife faifant mention du noun de niefs ou vef-fcaulx Sc de noun de meftre di-celles niefs & veflalx fi come le manere eft fi afcuns tielx niefs ou vefieaulx chargez ove afcu-nes merchaundifes de tielx merchauntz avauntditz foientpri-fez fur meer par lieges du Roy non eiant les lettres patentz du Roy come avaunt eft dit dedfins le bord de tielx nieft ou vefieaulx a jour de la prife ne qe tielx lettres patentz le jour de la prife foient -en la chauncellarie du Roy enrollez de recorde qe adonqes les par-nours pofleflours les biens Sc merchaundifes enfy prifez pour-ront enjoyer & tenir afcun efta-tuit ou ordenaunce fait en la contrairic non obftant. Et qe ceft eftatuit & ordeinaunce foit commence*a tenir fa force a lafeft de Seint Michel prochein veignaunt & qe proclamation en (bit fait fur les coftes de le meer toft apres ceft ordeinaunce al entent qe les ditz merchauntz aliens purrount avoir

*2$

tppifauncede mefme lordenaunce*

aliens, at their pleafure, may charge fuch (hips and veffels of tobe^rform* Spain, and of other parts, ad<- ed by them verfaries and enemies of the who wi,l ***• King, if the matters, owners, ^KinF»0f or merchants of fuch veflels fafe conda£t, and (hips having letters patents of the King, of his (are conduct, furety, or fafegugrd for fuch (hips or veflels, and merchandifes, making mention of the name of the (nips or veffels, and of the name of the mafter of the lhips and veflels, as the manner is; jj) and if any fiich (hips or veflels charged with any merchandifes of fuch merchants aforefaid, be taken upon the fea by die King’s liege people, not having the King’s liters patents, as afore is faid, within the board of fuch (hips or veflels,. at the day of the takihg, nor that fucn letters patents at.	v

the day of the taking be in the King’s chancery enrolled of record, that then the takers and pofleflors of the goods and merchandifes, fo taken, may enjoy and hold the fame, any ftatute or ordinance made to the contrary notwithftanding;

(4) and that this ftatute and ordinance (hall begin to take his force at the teaft of St,

Michael next coming; and that proclamation be thereof made upon the fea-coafts incontinently after this ordinance, to ,5 h. e. c. 3, the intent that the faid mer- 10 H. 6. c. i, chants aliens may have knowr *4 Ed« 4- c«4» ledge of the fame ordinance.



Digitized by

CAP,

Google

CAP. IX.

The warrant of attorney Jhall be recorded in the fame term that the exigent is awarded.

10H.6.c.4. TTEM, whereas inaftotute TTEM come en un eftatuit X expired, made the tenth year X determine fet lan du reigne of the reign of our lord the King noftre feignur le Roy qoreft that now is, it was contained, x®« fuift contenuz coment pur That feeing divers of the King's ceo qe divers liege^Je Roy a-liege people before that time had vaunt cez heures ount efte ut-been outlawed, vexed, and greatly lages vexez & graundement difquieted in divers fuits, as well difleifez en diverz fuytes fihien before the King himfelf in his devaunt le Roy mefme en fon *	bench, as in the common bench, in bank come en le commune

the records of which fuits the en- bank en les recordes les queux tries have been made, that the fuytes les entres ount efte fait* A falfe entry. Pontiffs in the fame fuits Obtu- qe le pleintifs en mefme le fuy-that the plain-krunt feinpropriaperfonafua, tes optulerunt fe in propria tiffin a fuit where the fame plaintiffs in the perfona fua lou mefme les hf^dfin ro-famf fu*ts ^ not aPPear tQ pleintifs en mefine les fuytes perpcrfolinor ^d any knowledge of napparenunt as tielx fuytes nc where he doth the fame, to the great	mfcbief of	conuftunce avoient de cell au

pot,	the fetid liege people,	if remedy	graund	mifchief de.s ditz lieges

Jbquld not be provided: (2) Our fi remedie ne ferroit puryeu en lord the King, willing in this cafe cell partie, Noftre feignour le to provide a remedy, did ordain, by Roy voillapt en ceo caspur-authority of the fame parliament Yoier de remedie ordeigna par bolden the fame year, that no fy- au&orite du parlement tenu* lifer, exigentor, nor any other off mefme lanqe null philicer exi-ficcr, from the fame	time Jbotdd	genter	ne autre officer depots

make any fuch entry	in any fitch	mefme	le temps ferroit tiel en-»

fuit, except that the fame plaintiff tre en afcun fuyte finon qe le in the fame fuit, before any fuch pleintif en mefme le fuyte a-* entry/ball be made, do appear in vaunt qe afeun tie! entre for-* bis proper perfon before forne of roit fait apparage en le propre the jujlices of the place where the perfone devaunt afeun des iuf-plea was or Jhall be hanging \ (3) tices de lieu lou le plee fuift ou and there Jhull be /worn upon a ferroit pendant & illoeqes fer-book, that he was the fame perfon roit jure fur un livre qil fuift in whofe name the faid fuit was mefme la perfone en qe noun futd, or that fame other credible 1? dit fuyte'fuift fuye ou qe perfon <of his council Jhall make autre crcable perfone de fone fuch oath for him. (4) And that counfaill ferroit tiel ferement this ordinance Jhall endare until the pur luy. Er qe le dit orriei-next parliament foUowingp (57) naunce <lureroit tanqe al pro-Our faid lord the King confir chein parlement apres ceo. Nodering moreover like damages, ftre dit feignur le Roy confide*-which happen as well tp him* rant outre ceo femblable da-as to his poor liege people and magez le quCl avient fibien a fubjeds, for tliat in the re- luy come a fez povee lieges cbrd$	&

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo oftavo Henrici VI.

*439-]

4c fubieflx pur ceo qe cn les recordes des divers & plufours utlagaries lentre eft qe les parties apparent par. lour attour-neys lou les attoumeys nount garraunt de recorde a caufe de quel les ditz utlagariez fount rcverfeble ii pur le greindre partie revcrfez ad ordeigne par auiflorite diceft parlement qe le dit eftatuit foit afferme tenuz & garde a durer a toutz jours. Et qe null officer contenuz en fe dit cftatut face le contrarie dicell fur pevne de forfere xl.*« a Roy chelajn foitz qe il eft de ceo attemt par dye examH nation feet par afcun des jufti-<?es de me/me le place devaynt qe afcun entre ou recorde eft. Et qe chefcun attorney qe nad fon garraunt entre de recorde toutz fez fuytz en les queyx proc’ de Capias exigent eft agardable roefme le teripe en le quel lexigent eft agarde ou devaunt & lur cep atteint par femblable examination pur chefcun foitz qe il iftint offende encourge la peyne avauntdit.

cords of divers and many out;* lawries, the entry is, that the parties do appear by their at-tornies, where the attomies have no warrant of record, by reafon whereof the faid outlawries be reverfible, and for the moft part reverfed hath ordained by authority of this parlia* ment, That the faid ftatute be affirmed, holden, and kept to endure for ever. (6) And th^t no officer contained in the faid ftatute, (hall do to the contrary of the fame, upon pain of forfeiture of forty (hillings to the King, every time that he of that (hall be attainted by due examination made by any of the jufticeS of the fame place be«? fore whom any entry or record is. (7) And that every attorney which hath not his warrant entered of record in all his (bits wherein procefs of Capias end Exigent he awardahle, the feme term in which the Exit gent is awarded? or before, and upon that be attainted by like examination for every time that he fo offendeth, he (hall incur the pain aforefaid.



The ftatute of 10 H. 6. c.4. rehearfed a^4 made perpetual.

The penalty if an attorney records not his warrant the fame terra the Exigent is awarded. 3Ed.1-c.29.

32 H. 8.0.30*

a&3Ed.6.

c.34.

18 El.c.x+f

CAP. X.

Commiffions of fewers Jhall be awarded where nted fhall ret quire* during ten years.'

ITEM, whereas at the parliament holden at Wefttninjler, at Ex. edit. Raft, the xv. of St. Michael, the fixth year of the reign of our faid fovereign lord the King for the great damages and Ioffes, which happen by the great rifing of water of the fea in divers parts of this realm, by authority of the fame parliament it was commiflio* » ordained and granted. That by ten years then next ending, fe- 0f fewer*, veral commiffions of fewers (houid be made to divers perfons by the chancellor for the time being; to be named in all the parts , of the feid realm? where need (houid be, after the form that followeth in the feme ftatute. And now of late in divers parts of the feid realm by the great rifmg of water of the fea, many towns and lands in great quantity be drowned and deftroyed, to the great hindrance of the feid realm, and many gtcat damages he likely to happen if remedy be not haftily provided in this hfhalf: The King, willing to provide for the feme, hath or-

0,4 -	- imti

' '	Digitized	by	Google

Alined and ftabliihed by authority of this parliament. That by ten years next enfuing after this prefent parliament, feveral cpmmiffions of fcwers (hall be made to divers perfons by the chancellor of England for the time being, to be named in all the parts of the faid realm, where needihall be, after the form and effe& of a eommiffion contained in the faid ftatute the fame fixth year. And moreover he hath ordained and ftablifhed by the fame authority,That all fuch commiflioners have power to make, ordain, and execute ftatutes and ordinances and other 6 H. 6. c. 5. affairs after the effeft and purport of the faidcommiffions.

CAP. XI.

1 Ed. i.ftat.a, c. 16.

x8Ed.3.ftat.x c. ft.

T3R.ft.ftat. x. c. 7.

No man (hall be jilftice of peace unlefs lie hath lands to the yearly value ofxx. li,

Cro. Jac. 643.

Of what yearly value in lands a jujiice of peace ought to he,

ITEM, Whereas by Jlatutes made in the time of the King's . noble progenitors, it was ordained.

That in every county of England ' jujiices Jbould be afjigned of the mojl worthy of the fame counties, to keep the peace, and to do other things, as in thefame Jlatutesfully is contained; which Jlatutes not-withjlanding now of late in many counties of England, the greatejl nuipber have been deputed and af-ftgned, which before this time were not wont to be, whereof fome be • of fmall having, by whom the people will not be governed nor ruled) and fome for their necejfity do great extortion and opprejfton upon the people, whereof great inconvcniencics be likely to rife daily if the King thereof do not provide remedy: (2) the King willing pgainft fuch inconve-niei)cies to provide remedy, hath ordained and eftablifhed, by authority aforefaid. That , no juftice of oeace within the realm of England, in any county, fhall be af&gned or deputed, if he have nQt lands or teneT ments to the value of xx. li. by year; (3) and if any be or* dyined hereafter to be juftice of peace in any county, which hath not lands or tenements to the value aforefaid, that he thereof (hall give knowledge to the chancellor of England for the tune being, which (hall put another

ITEM come par les ftatutz faitz en temps du nobles progenitours du Roy ordeigne foit qe en chefcun counte dEngleterre foient aflignez juf-ticez de la pluis vaillaunt du mefmes les countces pur gar-der la peas & autres chofes affaire come en mefmes leftatutz pleinement eft contenuz les queux eftatutz nient obftantz en plufours countees dEngleterre ore tarde ount efte depu-tez & aflignez pluis graunde noumbre qe ne foleit avaunt cez heures dount afcuns fount de petit avoir par queux les gentz ne voillent eftre gover-nez ne demefnez & afcuns pur lour neceflite fount graunde extortion & oppreflion fur le people dount graundez incon-venientz fount femblablez de furdier de jour en autre fi re-medie ent par le Roy ne foit purveux. Le Roi voillant en-contre tielx inconvenientz pur-voier de remedie ordeigne & eftablie par lau&orite defuifdit qe null juftice du peas deins le roialme dEngleterre en null counte foit afligne ou depute fil neit terrez & tenementz a la value de xx. li. par an et fi afcun foit ordeigne en apres juftice du peas en afcun coun-tee qi nad terrez & tenementz a la value fuifdit qe il de ceo notifie le chaunceller dEngle-

Digitized by Google terre

1439*1 Anno decimo oftavo Henrici VI.

tcrre pur le temps efteant le another fufficient in his place;

quel mette un aultrc fuffifaunt en Ton lieux et fil ne face ledit notification come devaunt deins un moys apres ceo qe il ad notice au tiel commiiGon ou fil feye ou face afcun garaunt ou precept par force du tiel commiflion qe il encourge la peyne de xx. li. & nientmeins foit oufte del commiflion come devaunt & eit le Roy lun moite du dit peyne & celuy qi voet fuer pur le Roy lautre moite & eit celuy qi enfy veult purfuer pur le Koy & pur luy mefmes action a deman-er mefme la peyne par brief du dette al commune ley.

Purveu toutz foitz qe ceft ordenaunce ne fe extende as Citees villes ou burghs queux fount countees incorporates de cux mefmes ne as citees villes ou burghs qe ount juftices de peas des gentz demurantz en icell par commiflion ou graunte du Roy ou de fez progenitours. Purveu toutz foitz qe fils ne foient gentz" fuffifauntz eiantz terres & tenementz a la * value fuifdit apris en la ley & de bon governance deins afcun tiel counte qe le chaunceller dEn-glcterre pur le temps efteant eit poair de mettre autres dif-cretz apris en la ley en tielx commiuions mefqe ils ne eient terres & tenementz a la value fuifdit par fa difcretion.

• The word value, which is in it not on the roll.

(4)	and if he give not the faid knowledge ([as before) within a month after that he hath notice of fuch commiflion, or if he fit, or make any warrant or precept by force of fuch commiflion, he (hall incur the penalty of xx. li. and ncverthelels be put out of the commiflion as before, (<) and the King (hall have one half of the faia penalty, and he that will fue for the King, the other half; and he that will fue for the King, and for himfelf, (hall have an adtion to demand the fame penalty by writ of debt at the common law.

II.	Provided always. That this ordinance (hall not extend to cities, towns, or boroughs, which be counties incorporate of themfelves, nor to cities, towns, or boroughs which have juftices of peace of perfons dwelling in the fame by com* million or warrant of the King, or of his progenitors. (2) Provided alfo. That if there be not fufficient perfons having lands and tenements to the value aforefaid, learned in the law, and of good governance, within any fuch county, that the chancellor of England for the timq being (hall have power to put other difcreet perfons, learned in the law, in fuch commiflions, though they have not lands or tenements to the value aforefaid, by his difcretion.

printed editions, Mr. Cay obferves

CAP.

23s

1 Shower, 399*

Certain perfons excepted, to whom this ftatute doth not extend.

Digitized by

Anno decimo o&avo Henri^i VI. t*4Sf-

CAP. XII.

Appeals or iudiftments of felony committed, in a place inhere there is none fitch.

9 H. 5. c. 1.

A writofcon-fpiracy maintainable a-gainft the in-di&ors, procurators, and confpirators. Regift. IJ4,

Raft. pi. i*r F. N. B.

F.

x,5'

ITEM, Whereas in the par-liament holden at Weftmin-fter the fecond day of May, the ninth year of the reign of King Henry the Fifths father to the King that now is, amongfi other things it was ordained and ejla-blifhej, for that many people by malice, envy, and revenge, caufe often the Kings liege people to be appealed or indifled in divers counties of treqfons or of felonies, fuppofing by the faid appeals or indictments, that the faid treafons or felonies were done in a certain place in fuch a county where the indictment is made, or fuch a place as is or Jball he declared by the fgid appeals, where no fuch place is in the fame county, that the pro-cefs of the fame Jhall be void, and holden for none 5 (2) and that the indictors, procurators, and confpirators, Jhall be alfo punijhed by imprifonment ana fine, and ranfom for the Kings advantage, by the diferetion of the jufiices;

(3)	and that the faid appellees or indictees. may have writs of conspiracy againfi their indie-tors, procurators, and confpirators, and Jball recover their damages.	(4) And this ordi-

nance Jhall Jland in his force until the next parliament to be holden after the coming again of the faid late King into England! from beyond the fea\ (5) which Jlatute by the deceafe of the faid late King, by opinion of fome is expired, and by the opinion of fome not expired. (6) The fame our lord the King that now is, confidering that the faid ordinance iras good and profitable

for

ITEM come al parlement tenuz a Weftm’ al fecondc jour d£ May lan du regne di* Roy Henry quint pier au Roy quoreft ixroe entre autres or-deigne fuift & eftablie pur ceo qe plufours gentz par malice empite & vengeance facent fo«* vent foytz des foialx lieges du Roy erne appellez ou enditees en divers cquntees des trefons ou des felonies fuppofantz par les ditz appelles ou endite-meptz qe les ditz trefpns & felonies iurent faitz en un cer-tein lieu en tiel countee ou len-ditement eft fait ou tiel lieu come eft ou ferra declare par les ditz appelles lou null tiel lieu eft en mefme le countee qe le procefle dicell foient voi-dez & tenuz pur null et qe les enditours procurators & con-fpiratours foient auxint puniz par imprifonement fyn & ran-feon pur avantage du Roy par diferetion des juftices et qe les ditz appellez ou enditees pur-ront aver briefs de confpiracie vers lour enditours procurators & confpirators & reco-verer lour damages, Et qe ceft ordenaunce eftoife en fa force tanqe a prochein parlement a tenier puis la revenue le dit nadgairs Roy en Engleterre de pardela le quel eftatuit par le trefpaflement du dit nadgairs Roy par oppinion des afeuns eft expire & par oppinion de afeuns nient expire, Mefme noftre feignur le Roy qoreft confiderant qe la dit ordenaunce fuift bon & profitable pur le bien de luy & fez lieges ad de-darq

Digitized by

Google

*439-1 Aftro dectmo odfavo Henrici V\.

clarc & ordeigne par au&orite diced prefcnt parlcment qc la dit ordenaunce fait le dit an enfy Par mort de fon dit pier come afcuns entendent empire & nient autrement re-pelle foit & demurge effedhiell & available eftatuit & ordenaunce en ley perpetuelment a durer.

CAP.

*35

for the weal of him and his A confirm* -liege people, hath declared and *lon °£th* ordained by authority of this	^

prefcnt parliament, That the c. i. touching faid ordinance made in the faid appeals or in? ninth year, and fo by the death dichnents of of his laid father, as tome think, °ny ** expired, and not otherwife re^ pealed, (hall be and abide ai* effectual and available ftatute apd ordinance in law perpetually to endure.

XIII.

A confirmation of the ftatute of 9 Hen. V. c. 2, concern-• *nI forfeitures on outlawries in the county of Lancafter.

I’TEM, JVhereas at a parliament holden at Weftminfter, f**^*1** . Jecond day of May, the ix year of the reign of King Henry the o!nfawry. Fifth, father to the King that now ts, among other things it was or- County of dainea and ftabHJhed, That none of the King's liege people, againft Lancaltcr, whom any exigent /hall be awarded, or outlawed at the Kings Juit in time to come, or at the fuit of the party in the county of Lancafter,

Jbould forfeit any of his goods or chattels, lands or tenements in other counties', except the goods and chattels lands or tenements, which the fold outlaws have in the fame county of Lancafter; Provided always,

That the ftatute made the first year 0f King Henry the\Fourth,fathef ta the fame King Henry the Fifth, againft the people of the county of Chefter, which do to divers of the Kings liege people in divers coun- Chefter. ties ^England, divers mantjlaughters, murders, robberies, batteries, trejpaffes, and other riots and offences, /ball /land in his force, notwitk-ftanding this ordinance. And that the faid ordinance fhallftand in his * force till the parliament firjl to be holded, after the return of the faid late King Henry the Fifth, into England from beyond thefca, which ftatute by the deceafe ofhe faid late King Henry the Fifth, by opinion of fome is expired, and by the opinion of fome not expired: our fove-reien lord the King, confidering the premifes, hath declared and ordained by authority of this prefcnt parliament, That the faid ordinance, in the manner and form made the faid ix. year, 9	5-	c*	*•

by the death of theTaid late King Henry the Fifth, as fome gm £ £ think expired and not otherwife repealed, (hall be and remain 3 effectual, and an available ftatute and ordinance in law to endure till the next parliament, and fo forth for ever, if fo be that betwixt this and the fame next parliament, no fuch inconvenience happen in this behalf, for the which it (hall feem to the King, and the lords of the parliament at this time, that it (hall not be expedient this ordinance to endure longer after the fame next parliament.	.

/

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

Anno decifflo oftavo Henrici VI. [1439-

2 36

CAP. XIV.

Perjury.’

Panel*.

Sheriff*

Staple of Calais. Wools woo’-fels. See.

3 left. 95.

*Tbe penalty for taking bribe in the arraying of a jury.

ITEM, forasmuch as great perjuries daily abound within the realm of England, more than were wmt to be in times paft^ by occafim of favourable arrays and panels made by the Jberijfs and underfberiffsy which have power to make or array fuch arrays or panels for money, and great towards that they take for the fame, whereby divers of the Kings liege people be difberited and hindered, and other put to great' lofs of their goods and chattels, and Jome to great peril of their lives, agatnjl right, good faith, and confidence: the King considering the premises, and willing to avoid fuch peijuries, hath ordained and granted by authority aforefaid, That if any fheriff, underfheriff, or other, which have power to make and array fuch arrays and panels, take by him or by any other to his ufe, any hire, gift, or reward to make or array fuch arrays or panels, that he which feeleth himfelf grieved in this behalf, (hall have his fuit by writ or by bill againft the fheriff, underfheriff or other, which ma-keth fuch arrays or panels, before the juftices where the (aid arrays and panels (hall be returned, to recover ten times as much as they (hall receive for making fuch arrays or panels. And the faid juftices fhall have power by authority aforefaid, to hear and determine fuch fuits, as well by examination of the defendants in thefe fuits, as by trial of inquefts thereof to be taken, and to give judgment for the faid plaintiffs,againft the faid defendants, and every of them which fo fhall be found guilty, and upon that to award execution. And in every fuch fuit by writ, fuch procefs fhall be awarded as fhould be awarded in a writ of trefpafs done againft the King’s peace. Provided, That every fuit which (hall betaken againft the fheriffs, under* fheriffs, or other, which fhall make or array fuch arrays or pa~ nA, -be taken in the fame counties where tney fhall be fheriffs, yanerfheriffs or officers at the time of fuch panels or arrays to be made or arrayed. And that this ordinance fhall begin to hold place at the fcaft of Eafter next coming, and fhall endure till the next parliament. And if at the next parliament it fhall feem to the King and to the lords, which then (hall be in the fame parliament, that this ordinance is good for the weal of the King and of his realm, then this ordinance fhall endure for ever: fav-ing always to every perfon his liberty and franchife.

CAP. XV.

It fhall be felony to carry wool or woolfels to any other place than to C?l^s, faving fuch which pafs the freights f/Marrock.

ITEM, the King confidering how divers perfons, by divers fubtil imaginations of deceit, carry and bear away wools and woolfels out of this realmj to other places than to the flaple of Calais, in deceiving the King of his cufioms and fubftdies, and to the definition ojf

Digitized by CjOOQle

*37

/1439*1	Anno dedmo o&avo Henrici VI.

the jaid Jlaple of Calais : hath ordained by the authority afore* faid, That no manner of perfon, of what condition that he be, ihall carry, or do to be carried any wools or woolfels cuftomably out of this realm, to other places than to the ftaple of Calais, without the King’s fpecial licence, upon pain of felony. And Felony.

If any perfon frqm henceforth do contrary to this ordinance, apd thereof be convidt or attainted, that he be adjudged for a felon. And that as well commiffioners affigned as the juftices, in every county where fuch wools and woolfels (hall be fo carried out, (hail nave power and authority by the fame ordinance to inquire of the premises, and then to hear and determine.

Provided always that the wools, which pafs the freights of Marrock, stresghta of Jhall be in no wife comprifed within this ordinance.	Marrock.

CAP. XVI.

There JhaU he hut one meafttre of cloth through the realm by the yard and the inch, and not by the yard and the band* fuly according to the London meafure.

IT E M, forafmueb as it is meritorious and alms, to detart the truth from the deceit, as now of late in a parliament lolden at Weft mi after, much deceit was put out, (hat greatly endamaged many perfons, which was called a Saift, otherwife called a powder or an hauncer, which grieved manyfaithful people, and as now it is to be confidered, that great deceits oefiowufed, which do endamage the poor cloth-makers and the fellers of cloths which in meafuring unduly with-out reafonable meafure, as well of broad cloth and Jlreit as much by aot«-makers the hands of the merchants aliens, as denizens, as well in fair, market, city, and borough, and fpecially m the city of London, as in other London. places, where fuch clotb-makers and fellers of cloth be moft commonly Jifed, and in time to come ought to be repairings for where they were wont to meafure the cloth by the yard and thefuu inch, now they will	°*

meafure by the yard and the full band, which groweth to the increafe c <tf the buyer-two yards of every cloth of xxiiij. yards, which increafe turneth to the avail of no man, of what degree foever be be, bui only to the buyer. For when a lord Jhall buy his livery, he Jhall find the fame in meafure or in price. And fo ttiey be opprejfed with a great and unreafonable meafuring of their cloths, for where any merchant of this land, but at London, will make a cloth in meafuring xxiiij, yards, they will make thereof xxij. or lefs, faying that it is the meafure cf London: by which oppreffion many men be grievoufiy endamaged. our Sovereign lord the King, confidering the premiffes, doth ordain by the authority aforefaid, in every place in this land to be one certain meafure, whereas there is a warden of the aulnage Meafure. of cloth that he have a line made of filk or of thread, of the right Warden of meafure in manner of (freight tiflue, fealed at both ends, after aulnage. the advice of the barons of the exchequer. And every warden of the aulnage (hall pay for his line, which line (hall contain in length twelve yards, and twelve inches, and the faid line figned at every yard an inch, and at the end of the half yard, haft an inch, the quarter of a yard, a quarter of an inch, to ipctfure a

whole

Digitized by

Google

Ahno dccimo o&avo HfeNRici VL [14^.

Line fealed, whole cloth or a dozen broad or (height, meafunng for the dozen of cloth watered, twelve yards and twelve inches, and of dry cloth uhwatered fourteen yards and fourteen inches; lb tneafuring the length till the end of the cloth, according as it is of length in manner as aforefaid : when the laid warden of the aulnage is required* taking for his labour for every whole cloth Of broad cloth, a penny, and for every (height doth a farthing. And in the city ox London, and other cities, boroughs, fairs, and markets, where cloth is molt ufed to be fold, tnat there the Warden of the aulnage, or his deputies (hall be ready to do right betwixt merchant and merchant, if he be required. Provided, That if the merchant feller have a line fealed with the King’s feal of the exchequer, in the manner afore rehearfed ready, then himfelf to meafure his cloth by the fame in reafonable manner, if they may not agree to mealure by the yard, any whole cloth or dozen broad or ftreit, any franchife notwithftanding. And Merchant the merchant feller meafure not rightfully but deceitfully and deceitfully that immediately may be proved by indifferent perfons, then he meafuring. (hall forfeit for every cloth fix (hillings and eight pence, whereof two parts (hall be to the King, and the third part to him which Will fue. And if any merchant buyer will refufe this ordinance, then he fhall forfeit an hundred (hillings, two parts to the King, the third part to Jiitn that will fue for the fame. And fo one manner of rightful meafuring (hall be ufed in all this land, as well as of right weight. And that this ordinance (hall endure till the next parliament.

CAP. XVII.

Vejfels of wine, oil, and honey, Jhall be gauged.

ITEM, betaufe all the tuns, TTEM, pur ceo qe toutx pipes, tertians and hogfheads of JL les tonels pipes tertians et wine, oyl, and honey, vendible hoggefhedes de vin oyle Sc within the realm of England, mele vendabies dcins leroialme ought and were wont according to dEngleterre doient & foloient the antient ajfife of the fame realm, foionc launcien affife de mef-. to contain a certain meafure, that me le roialme conteiner un is to fay, every tun twelve-fiore certein mefure ceftaffavoir chef-and twelve gallons, every pipe cun tonell xij galons chefcun fix-jeore and fix gallons, every pipe ” vj. galons chefcun ter-tertian four-fcore andfour gallons, tiane iiij. galons chefcun and every hog/head threescore and hoggefhed iij. galons & par Gmfirmed by gQlfons . (2y) and by divers divers eftatuitz foit ordeigne qe J* C *** fiatutes it hath been ordained, les tonels & pipes de vin foient * Leonardos, *That the tuns and pipes of wine gaugez mais pur le gauger de ph 5l* /ball be ganged 5 (3) but for the tonels & pipes de oyle & mele gauging of tuns, and pipes of oil ne de tertians & hoggefiiedes and honey, or of tertians and hog- de vin null ordenaunce de ceiv /heads of wine, no erdihance hath tein eftoit fait devant cez heures been made in certain before this au graunde damage du Roy Sc time, to the great damage of the du foa people. Le Roy voil-King	lant

Digitized by

C )gle

Artno decimd oftavo HfcNRici VI.

ceft damage	and of bis	,

*439-1

lant encountre purvoier de remcdic en ceft partie ad graunte & ordeigne par au&orite defoifdit qe delore enavaunt toutz mariere tonds pipes tertians & hoggdhedefc fant de vih come de oyle k mele a vendre deins le dit roialme foient bieh & loialment gaugez par le gaugeour du Roy du par foh deputee devaunt <je fla foient venduz fur peyne de forfaire au Roy tout le Vin oyle k mele en contrarie venduz ou la value dicell. Et en cas qe afcun perfone de quelqe paiis qil foit defore enavaunt vende a afcun liege du Roy pur afcun price en certein afcun tonell pipe tertian ou hogge(hed de vin oyle ou mele qe defaille afcunement del affife & mefure avauntdit qil alowe k rebate de mefme la price a lachatour de tiel vin oyle k mele a taunt come tiel default par la rate amontera fur peyne de forfaire au Roy le value de tout le vin oyle & mele au contrarie ven -duz afcun prive covenant fait ou affaire entre le vendour & lachatour au contrarie de ceft ordenaunce non obftant. Et eit chefcun qi efpie afcun des fbrfaitufes avaunditz k ent enforme letreforer dEngleterre ou les barons del efchequer le moite de mefmez les Fbrfai-tures per fon travail!.

PuTveux toutz foitz qe le dit gaugeour preigne & eit pur fon labour entour le gaugeour de chefcun tonell & pipe dc Oyle & mele ficome if prent et ad de chefcun tonell k pipe de vin k pur chefcun tertiane k hoggemed folonc lafferant.

*39

(4) The All vefleli of King Willing apinft this da-mage to provide a remedy in gauged and this behalf, hath granted and the content of Ordained by authority aforefaid, cveryveffd to That from henceforth all mar*- ** ner pf tuns, pipes, tertians, and hogfheads, as well of wine is of oil, to be fold within the realm, (hall be well and law-* folly gauged by the King’s gauger, or by his deputy, before they be fold, upon pain to forfeit to the king all the Wine, oyl, and honey, contrary fold.

Of the value of the lame. (5) Abatement And in cafe that any perfon, (hall be made of what country that he be, of the price frbm henceforth fell to any of thc 9uan* the King’s liege people* for any price hi certain, any tun, pipe, tertian or hogfhead of wine* oil, and honey, which wanteth. in any wife of the affife and toeafure aforefaid, that he allow and abate of the feme price to the buyer of foch wine, oil, and honey, as much as fuch default after the rate (hall amount unto, (6) upon pain to forfeit to the King the value of all the wine, oil, and honey to the contrary fold,, any privy covenant made of to be made betwixt the feller and the buyer contrary to this ordinance notwithftanding. (7)

And every perfon that elpieth any of the Forfeitures aforefaid, ani thereof doth inform the treafurer of England, or the barons of the exchequer, (hall have the half of the fame for-* The ganger’* feitores for his labour.	■	ff f? S*u*-

ET. Provided always. That orgpipe*<rfho-the faid gauger take and have ney or oil. for his labour for the gauging *7 Ed. 3. flat* yf every tun and pipe of oil and **^

honey, as he taketh and hath of every tuft and pipe of Wine, and	j. c. Ij4>

for every tertian and hoglhead -after tne rate. •	\\	H.	7.	C.4J

CAP,

bigitized byCjOO^lC

Anno decimoo&avo Henrici VL

Ci439'

CAP. XVIII.

How much a captain Jhall forfeit that doth detain any part of bis foldiers Wages.

I

TEM, For that the King is and

The inconve-

^	been well certified of many

uin« not pay- great deceits and falfities, which :~ of their bath been done to him and to his realm byfome of the captains which * before ^ '	‘	J	*	1	'*f

ingot t (btdier*,

have before this time indented with the King to ferve him in the feat of war,fome beyond the fea and in divers parts, as they be appointed and bound by their indentures^ and fome in his marches on this fide the feay and their wages have been truly paid and contented by the King, according to their in-deniureSy for them and for all their retinue, according to their degrees, which wages many of the find captains have abufed, and ta-ken upon them to deduce from their foldiers^ of fome morey and fome lefs-, fo that fucby from whom they have abated, have not been able to continue their fervice, nor perform the fame as of right and reafon they ought to have done, and per adventure were willing to v have done, if they had been fully paid j which bath caufed them to fall to robbery and pillage, as well on this fide the fea before their going, as beyond the Jeay when they came thither, amongft other things it hath been a great caufe of long continuance of the wary and great damage and lofs which bath fallen to the feigniories and countries of the King in his obeifance beyond the feay and not only that, but lofs alfo of great treafure which hath been granted to the king* and paid in the form for the defence of his

The forfeiture	JJ. The King, willing againft

SLVfflL f«ch damages and Ioffe* to pro-uiA apy part * remedy liLthis behalf,

bath

ITEM pur ceo qe le Roy eft & ad efte bien apris de plufours & graundes difeeites & fauxins queux ount efte faitz a luy & a fon roialme par afeuns de les capitains qi ount avaunt c£o endentez ove le Roy de luy fervire en le fait de guerre al-cuns de pardela & as diverfes parties ficome ils fount ordeig-nez & obligez par lour enden-tours et afeuns en fez marches de pardecea & de le Roy pur lour gages ount efte droitment

[>aiez & contentez accordant a our ditz endentours pur eux & pur toutz lour retenues fo-lonc lour degrees de les quel-les gages plufours des ditz ca-pitains ount abufez & priz fur eux dabatier fur lour foldeours dafeun pluis & dafeun meyns iffint qe tielx fur queux ils ountabatez nount eftede poair de continuer lour fervice ne ceo parfourmer come de droit & reafon ils duiflent aver fait & fortunement voilloient aver fait fils uiTent efte pleinement paiez le quel ad caufe eux de-cheier a robberie & pilage fibierv devaunt lour alance de parde*-cea come de pardela quant ils la vendrount entre autres ad efte une graunde caufe de la longe continuance de la guerre & graunde damage & perde; qi ount cheiez a lez feienuries da Roy & pays en fa obeiance do pardela et nient ceo tantfole-ment mes perde auxint de graunde bien qad efte graunte au Roy & paie en la fourme avauntdit puz la defenfe de 1st terre. *

Le Roy voillant encountre autiehc

Digitized by Gc 3gle

autielx damages & perdes pur-voier de retriedie en cell partie ad ordeigne par laudorite fuif-dit qe null capitaine qi defore enavaunt avera le conduite dautielx retertues & receiVera les gages le Roy pur ceo abata de fez fouldburs ne de afcun de eux afcun partie de lour gagez finotl qil fait pur lour vefture ceftafiavoir ills foient gagez pur un dimi an x. s. unt robe un gentile home & vj. s. viij. d. pur un vadlet (ur peyne de xx. li;’ pur chefcun lance & x. Ji.’ pur chefcun arc au Roy fur qi il abata fur le tenure diced.

hath ordained by the authority of his (bldiera aforefaid, That no . fcaptain which hereafter (hall have the conduct of fuch retinues, and (hall receive the King’s Wages for the fame, fhall abate of his foldiers, nor any of them, any part of theif wages, except it Forwfcatcaiifc be fdr their clothing, that is a captain may to fay, if they (hall be waged ^ate hif for half a year,- ten (hillings a andhow^** gown for a gentleman, and fix much, (hillings eight pence for a yeoman, upon pain of twenty pound for every fpear, and ten pound for a bow to the King, from whom he did abate upon * * 3 Ed* • the tenour of the fame.

CAP. XIX.

The penalty of a foldiet not going with, 01 departing fronts bis captain without licence.

ITEM pur ceo qe diverfes & plufours foldeours devaunt ceft temps les queux ount pri-fez lour gages parcell ou dimi de lour capitains & iflint ount inonftrez & entreez de recorde lez foldeours du Roy devaurtt fez commiflioners pur tiebc fermes pur quels lour maiftres Ount endentez ount afcun temps mainten4uht apres lour monftre & la receit de lour gages partie ou tout departez & alez lou ils voillerit et nourit my pafiez fc tfieer ove lour ditz capitains & afcuns pafiez le meet & longement deinfc lour termes departez a lour capitains & a le fervice du Roy faunce licence apparent graun-tez a eux par lour ditz capitains dount ad crewe fy graun-de damage au Roy & a fon roialme & fi plufours inconve-nementz qe ne poient legier-ment eftre expreflez ficome de longe temps la experience ad monfire & les queles foldeours iflint fai&ntz entaunt come en Vet. III.	eux

ITElAy feeing divers and many 3 Inlt. 85.

foldiers before this time. which have taken parcel of half their wages of their ctipidins, and fo babe muflered dnd been entered of record the King's foldiers before his commijftoners, for fuch terms for which their majlcrs habe in-dentedy have fometime prefentty after their mujlery and the receipt of part dr of the whole if their wageSy departed afid gone Where the) wouldy and have not pajjid the fea with their faid cap-trnnSy and fome pajfed the feay and long within their terms departed from their captains andihe King's fervice, without apparent licence to them granted by their faid captains^ whereof hath grown fo

freat damage to the King and to is realmy and fo many inconve-nicncieSy which cannot eafily be ex* preffedy as of long time the experience hath Jbewedy and the which foldiers fo doingy as much as in them wasy decayed the honour and reverence of the Kingy and have been many ways great caufers of - JR	tU

ogle

Digitized by *

2^Z

If is felony for a foldier retained to ferve ahe King in Jits wars to leave bis captain without licence. Enforced by a & 3 Ed. 6. c. a.

4H. 4. c. ij. 7 H. 7. c. 1.

6 Co. 27. a 9 £d. 4. f. s6.

Chief officers of ports, &c. /hall arreft foldier s return-

Anno deeimo o&avo Henr! cl Vt,	{1435**

the Ujfes which have enfued in his lands and feigniories beyond the fea> and the adventure alfo of the perfons of the lords and captains which, did conduit them.

IL The fame King confix dering the premifles, and willing againft fuch inconveni-encies and damages to provide a remedyy hath ordained by the authority aforefaid, That every man fo' muttering and receiving the King’s wages* which aeparteth from his captain within his term, in any manner aforefaid, except that notorious ficknefs or impediment by the vifitation of God (which may reafonably be known) fuffer him not to go, and which he (hall certify pre-fently to his captain, and mall *ep*y his money, fo that he may provide him for another foldie* in his place, he (hall be punifhed as a felon; (2) and that the juftices of peace (hall have power to inquire thereof, and to hear and determine the fame. (3) And likewife hath ordained bv the fame authority, That no foldier, man of arms, or archer, lb muttered of record, and going with his captain beyond the fea, (hall return into England, within the term for which his captain hath retained him, nor leave his captain there in the King’s fervice, and in adventure of the war, except that he hath reasonable caufe fhewed by his captain, and by him to the chief in the country having royal power, and thereupon fhall have licence of the faid Captain, witnefied under his feal,and the caufeof his licence,

(4)	And who that fo doth muf-ter of record, and come without letters teftimonials of the caguiii

eux fuift anientereront lonour & la reverence du Roy & ount eftez plufours graundes caufe-ours des damages qe ount cheiez en fez terres & feignu-ries de pardela & laventure auxint de les perfones de les feignurs & capitains qi eux conducerount.

Mefme le Roy confideraunt les premiflesvoillant enepn-tre tielx inconveniences & dam mages purvoier de rerhedie. aid ordeigne par lau&orite fu|f-dit qe chefcun homme iflint mouftrant & receyvant les gages le Roy le quel departe a ion capitain deins fon teniae en afeunmanere avaundit ovef-qe ceo qe notoire mahdie ou impediment par la vifitation de Dieu le quel poet ettre conuz raifonable ne luy lefioet & fc quel il certifia maintenaunt a fon capitain & repaie fa money ficome il poet purvoier luy pur un autre foldeour en fon lieu foit punyfhe come un felon et qe les juttices de la peas eient poair denquerrer de ceo & doier & terminer en icell. Et femhla-blement ad ordeigne par met me laq&orite qe null foldeour home darmes ne archer iffint mouftrez de recorde & alant ovefqe fon capitain de pardela reveigne yey en Engleterre deins le terme pur qi fon capitain endentera ne lefTa fon ca-

riigne la en le fervice du Roy en aventure de la guerre faunz ceo qil eit caufe raifonable monttre par fon capitain & par luy a le chief en le pays eiant le poair roial & fur ceo eit licence de la dit chiefteyne tefmoigne defoubz fon fcal la caufe de fa licence. Et qi iflint mouftree de recorde & veigne faunz lettres teftimo-nialx de le chiefteyn come de-fujfdit

Digitized by LjOoqIc

?442‘1 Anno vicefimo Henrici VI.	243

fuifdit deins Ion terme de par- captain (as is faid) within his ingfrom be-decea qe les mairs baillifs & .term on this fide the fea, that	fca»

autres miniftres du Roy dc the mayors, bailiffs, and other them until the iquel portou lieu jen qi il ou the King’s minifters, at what caufe of their, iis arrivount eient auftorite de port or place they (hall arrive, return be «ux mettre en areft & de eux lhall have authority to puttncd* la garder tanqe de eux foit them in arreft, and them there enquiz et fil poet eftre trove to keep until it be of them in-par enquerre devaunt juftices quired ; (5) and if it be found Rcgift. igr; de la peas & proevez qils ount by inquiry before juftices of * R* *• flat. 1; iflint roonftrei de recorde & peace, and proved that they Cm£* ph departiez a lour capitains de- have fo muttered of record, and * 3>5	*

fuifditz feunz licence come eft departed from their captains Extended to defuifdit qe adonqes ils foient aforefaid without licence, as mariner* and puniz come felons.	afore is faid, that then they g™)ners by ,

(hail be punifhed as felons. 5 *c’5*

Statutes made at Wejlminfler, Anno 20 Hen. VL and Anno Dom. 1442.

NOSTRE feignur le Roy a fon parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le jour de 'converfion de Seint Paule le xxv. jour de Januair' lan de fon regne xx« a lonour de Dieu & pur le bien de luy & fon roialme de ladvis & aiTent des feignqrs efpirituelx & temporclx & a la efpecial re-queft des communes en mefme le parlement aflembleez ad fait ordeigner & eftableir diverfez ' eftatuitz & ordinaunces en la fourme qenfuit.

OUR lord the King, at his parliament holden at Weft-mi nfter, the day of the converfion of St. Paul, the five and twentieth day of January, the twentieth year of his reign, to the honour of God, and for the weal of him and of his realm, by the advice and ajjent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the Jpedal requejl of the commons in the fame parliament ajfembled, hath made* ordained, and eflabhjhed divers fia-tutes and ordinances in the form following.

CAP. I.

All letters of fafe conduits Jhall be inroiled in the chancery.

PRimerement come poverez merchantz diceft roialme de jour en autre fount difrob-bes par les enemys du Roy fur le mer & deins mefme le roialme de lours niefs & biens & merchaundifes de graunde richefle & lour corps prifez emprifonez erve graunde dureffe & myz a graunde finaunces & gaumon & les peverez lieges

du

FIRST, Whereas poor mer-'e.. c ..

chant: of the King of this j^ffrom‘the' realm daily be robbed by the King s non-inroll-enemies upon the fea, and in divers ment of letter* rivers and ports within^ the fame of fate con* realm, of their flips, goods, and au * mtrehandifes, of great riches, and their bodies taken and imprifoned with great durefs, and put to great fines and ranfoms, and the King's poor fubjefts dwelling nigh R a	the

y Google

Digitized by '

*44

Anno VicefimO HiNRici VI. tr44^»

the fed-coajls taken out of their du Roy demurantz pres le* own houfesy with their chattels coftes au mecr hors de lours and infants upon land, and car- proprc meafon ove lour cha-ried by the faid enemies where it teux Sc enfeuntz fur le tcrrc pleafed thefa\ (%) which mif- prifez & ove les ditz enemys ou chiefs come by reafon that the faid lour pleft amefnez qucux mef-merchants be difcouraged with chiefs veignent pur ceo qe les force and puijjance of fhipSy and of ditz merchauntz fount difco* people dcfenjtbley to keep the fea and ragtz ove force & puiflans de the coafts of the fame y for that the niefs Sc de gentz defenfiblei JhipSy goodsy and tnerchandifes by de gardier le meer & les coftes them taken from the faid King’s dicell a caufe qe les niefs biens enemiesy befometimes (laimtdby the Sc merchandifes par eux prifez King’s enemiesyby colour offafe con- des ditz enemiz du Roy fount duffs not duly purchafedy nor of re- afcun foitz claimez par les enc^ cordinroiledffothat the King’sfub- mys.du Roy paifcolur de fauf-jeffs may have notice of themy (f) conduds nient duement pur-and fometime be claimed by mer- chacez ne de recorde enrollez chants Jlrangers af the King’s enfy qe les fubgetz du Roy pur- ' idmityy to be belonging td themy by rount aver notice de eux et af-colour of falfe witnejfes of their cun foitz fount claymez par nation y and by letters of marque and marchantz eftraungez del a-charters party by them countef- mifte du Roy deftre a eux ap-feitedy and by fuch proofs Upon purtenauntz par colour de tef-fuch claims be rejlored to the /ante fftoignez meins verTois de lour goods and merchandifes often to- nation & par merches lettres ken in Jhips and vejfels belonging Sc chartres parte par eux Ooun-to the Kingfs enemieSy and the trefaitz & per tielx provez fur faid King’s fubjeffs put to great tiel* claimes fount reftorez a vcxationy and lofs of their own mefmes les biens Sc merchan-goodsy (4) whereby the faid King’s difes treflToVent foitz prifez eft enemies be greatly enrichedy and niefs & veflelx appurtenauntz their navyJlrongly increafedy and a les enemyes du Roy & les the navy and merchandife of the faid ditz enemyz du Roy gnrunde-tealm of our lord the King greatly merit fount enrichez & loilr diminijhedy and fuch damages and navie fortement encrece & Ta inconveniencies daily be likely to navie & merchandife du dit Incrcafe and come to the faid realm roialme noftre dit feignur le of our faid lord the Kingy iffpcedy Roy grevoufment amenufez remedy in this cafe be not provided: & tielx damages Sc inconve-Jb\\ letters of II. Our faid lord the King cm- nientifez de jour en autre fount fafe conduct, fidering the premiJfeSy and that verifemblable dencrecer & ave-

dun"e?y,tom *f PeoPle °fthe W' ^ nere a dit roiilme. be void. fared and difcouraged to freight Noftre dit feignur le Roy jt H. 6. c. 8. the Jhips and vejfels of the King’s conlideraunt les premiffes & qe | enemies and adverfaricsy their ft gentz del amiftee du Roy navy in time to come will be de- eient pavoire Sc difcorage daf-creafed and diminijhedy and the fretter les niefs St veflelx de les ' navy of the King’s fubjeffs and enemyes Sc adverfaries de Roy friends increafed and inlarged; lour navie en temps avenirfeira by the advice and affent afore- tiecrefle Sc amenufe Sc la navie faid, . .	des

Digitized by

Google

1442*] AnnoviceGmo Henrici VI,

*4 5.

des fubgitz & amyez du Rov faid, and at the fpecial requeft ctncrefle & enlarge del advys & of the faid commons, to efchew siflent defuifdit & a lefpeciale the mifchiefs aforefaid, hath requeft des ditz communes pur ordained by authority of the efchewer les myfchiefs fuifditz faid parliament, That all Jet-ad ordeigne par audiorite du ters of fafe condudt to be dit parlement qe toutz lettres granted to the King’s enemies de faufconduit a grauntierz a and adverfaries, or any other les enemys adverfaries du Roy people whatfoever, (hall be in-©u autre gentz qeconqes foient rolled in the chancery of our cnrollez en la chauncerie du faid lord the King ot record,

Roy de recorde avaunt qe tielx before that any luch letters lettres ferrount grauntez et qe, fhall be in any wife delivered to toutz tielx lettres de faufcoo- them to whom the fame letters (fudlenapresagrauntjersnient fhall be granted; (2) and that enrollez de recorde en la dit all fuch letters of lafe condudt chauncerie avaunt le livere a hereafter to be granted, not cux affaire en la manere come inrolled of record in the faid eft dit foient voidez & de mill chancery, before the delivery fprce if effedt.	fo them to be made in the

Et enoutre fi en apres afcuns manner as is faid, fhall be void, biens ou merchandises foient and of no force nor effedt. prifez par les ditz fubgitz du HI. And moreover, if here- Prizes of Roy fur le meer ou les coftes after any goods or merchandifes S?ods?r mcr* dicell chargez en afcun nief ou be taken by the faid fubjedts of £a^pnn\ autre vefleTl qeft appurtenaunt our lord the King upon the the King s e-a les enemiz ou adverfaries du fea, or the coafts of the fame, nemles not to Roy pur le temps efteauntz charged in any fhip or other ** reftored, nient eiantz lettres de faufcon- veflel, which is belonging tO o"^c^fs duitz fuflfifauntz en la forme the enemies or adverfaries of are in-fuifdit enrolles qe ceijx qi mef- our lord the King for the time rolled before mes les biens & merchandifes being, not having fufficient *heir appre-r enfy prenderount les enjoyent letters of fafe condudt inrol- henfio,u fcunz afcun reftitution ent af- led in the form aforefaid, that faire en afcun manere a qe- they which fo fhall take the conqe perfone mefmes les biens fame goods and merchandifes icK merchandifes enfy prifez al fhall them enjoy without any temps del prys de ycells ou, de-? reftitution thereof to be made vaunt furent appurtenauntz, in any wife, to whatfoever	f

Purveu toutz foitz qe fi les perfon the fame goods and ditz fubgitz du Roy preignants* merchandifes fo taken, at the	,

tielx niefs chargez ove mer- time of the taking of the fame, chandifes nient eiantz & mon- or before, were belonging, ftrantz tielx lettres de fauf-r IV. Provided always. That Proyifo for conduit deins mefiqes les niefs the fubjedts of our lord the th.e wd^mp* al. temps del dit pris les amef- King, taking fuch fhips charg- mariners,C*n4 nent par force a un certein port ed with merchandifes, not hav- the proof of ou lieu deins le dit roialme ne ing nor fhewing fuch letters of the inroll^ foient endamagez en lour per- fate condudt within the fame racnt* fon ne biens pur tielx pris fils fhips at the time of the faid foient preftet faire plein r«fr taking, and bringing them by

titution R 3

Digitized by

246	Anno	viccfimoHENRici	VI.	[144*?

force to a certain port or place titution de mefmes Jes niefs Sc

within the faid realm, (hall not be endamaged in their perfon nor goods for fuch taking, if they be ready to make full ref-titution of the fame (hips and merchandifes, within reafona-ble time, after that hill knowledge is made to them of fuf-ficient letters of (afe conduct for the fame (hips and merchandifes, inrolled in the faid chancery of record before the

merchandifes dedeins temps refonable apres ceo qe pfoin notice eft fait a eux de lettres de faufcondu6t fuffifauntz pur jnefmes les niefs & merchandifes ^nrollez en la dit chaun-cerie de recorde devaunt le pris de yceux. Purveu auxi qe ceft ordinaunce comence a tenir fon force a le fefte de Seint Michell larchaungell profehein avenir.

Ex edit. Raft. Exigend. Outlawry. County of }Lancafter.

taking of them. Provided alfo, a^Ed. 4*cf 4. That this ordinance (hall begin to hold his force at the feaf^ of Saint Michael the archangel ne*t coming.

CAP. II.

Jfo perfon outlawed within the county of Lancafter Jhall forfeit any goods or lands but thofe which he bath in tbf fame county.

ITEM, our faid fovereign Jord the King hath ordained by the authority aforefcid. That none of his liege people, againft Whom Exigend (hall be awarded or outlawry pronounced, at the fuit of the King, or at the fuit of the party in time to come in the county of Lancafter^ (hall forfeit any ot his goods or chattel* lands or tenements, * which the faid outlaws, or they againft whom fuch Exigend (hall be awarded in the faid county of Lan«•> ca/ler, have in the fame county. And that by reafon of fuch outlawry at the fuit of another perfon pronounced within the faid county of Lancafter, no man fhall be debarred nor difabled of any manner of adtion, nor to claim any manner of inheritance out of the fame county, nor difabled to fue any manner of a&ion out of the fame county, notwithftanding fuch outlawry upon him pronounced. Provided always^ That the ftatute made the first year of King Henry the Fourth, grandfather of the King that now is, againft the people of the county of Chefter, which do to many of the King’s liege people in divers counties of England many man Daughters, murders, robberies, batteries, tref-pafles, and other riots and offences, (hall (land in his force, this ordinance notwithftanding. And that this ordinance (haU endure till the end of feven years next enfuing.

CAP. III.

It Jhall be high treafon for Welflimen to take and carry away Englifhmen or their goods into Wales, or there to withhold them.

three years by TTF.M, Forafmuch as at the grievous complaint made to the a? H. 6. c. 4. A Kmg by the commons in the counties of Hereferd, Gloucefter, a cs* and of bhropjkire, which counties be adjoining to the marches

of

County of Cheiter.

9 H. 5. c, t. 18 H. 6. c.13. 41 H. 6. c. 6. Rep. n H. 4. C. 2.

Coaf rmed for

Digitized by Google

I442-] Anno vicefimo Henrici VI.	?

o(Wales, and in the counties of Somerfet, Chefter, and Brijtol, it was (hewed to the fame our fovereign lord the King, that whereas another time in time of the noble King Henry, grandfather to our fovereign lord the King that now is, the iecond year of his reign, for the great oppremons and extortions, which they of Wales and of the marches of Wales daily made to people dwelling in the faid counties of Hereford, Gloucejler, and Shropshire, in taking bringing and bearing away of their horfes, beafts and other goods and chattels, out of the fame counties into the faid inarches, and fuch goods horfes and chattels there withholding till gree be made at their will. It was ordained and eftablilhed,

'That if any beafts, goods, or chattels, be taken within the fame counties, and driven or brought out of the faid counties int6 Wales, or into the marches ot Wales, that then the (heriffs of the fame counties, mayors or bailiffs of cities and borough^ or bailiffs of franchifes* where fuch takings be made, (hall (end their letters under their feals to the governors, or to the (lew-ards of the feigniories, where fuch offenders be abiding, that they (hall deliver fuch diftrefles fo taken, within eight days of the receipt of the (aid letters. And if they do not, that the parties fo grieved (hall take any perfons goods or chattels coming out of the faid feigniories, where fuch offenders be abiding* and them (hall withhold, till that they be reftored to their goods fo taken, with their damages cofts and expences, which ftatute is not fufficient remedy, forafmuch as the faid offenders be dwelling fometime in one feigniory and fometime in another, and have no place certain to tarry, ana alfo they take to the moft number of % people of the faid counties coming into Wales and into the mar-marches of Wales, and out of the faid counties and themwithold, till gree be to them made at their will, and alfo oftentimes the parties grieved durft not make execution of the faid ftatute for doubt pf death and many other mifchiefs and inconveniencies, which thereof (hould enfue, fo that the faid offenders be the more bold to take, drive, bring, and carry away the people of the faid counties their horfes, beafts, goods, and chattels of the faid counties into Wales, and into the marches of Wales, whither |hey fled before the faid ftatute, to the perpetual deftru&ion and impoverilhment of the faid commons, except that fpeedy remedy thereof be made. Our faid fovereign lord, willing againft fucn mifchiefs and inconveniencies to provide a remedy in this behalf, hath ordained by the authority aforefaid,That if any people pf the faid counties in Wales, or in the marches of Wales, do drive, bring, carry away, or withhold, fuch takings and withholdings, their abutments and receipts in Wales^(they having knowledge of fuch offences aforefaid) (hall be adjudged high treafon. Treafon. And he that is thereof attainted, it (hall be done of him as of a traitor to our faid fovereign lord the King. And that the juftices of Ju*bce peace in their felfions in the faid counties (hall have power to in- i*51*** quire, hear, and determine of all fuch offenders their abettors and receivers, and to make procefs againft fuch perfons indicted fry two Capias anyone Emend, every Capias containing the fpace '

1	R*	tf

Digitized by Google

*	Atyio yiccfimp Henrici VI. [1442

of two months ^t the lead, betwixt the date of every Capias ancj the day of the return of the fame. And that mention be made in the faid writs of Capias that the Iheriffs of the faid counties for the time being (ball do to be proclaimed in their counties, that all fuch perfons indi&ed (hall appear before the (aid juftices in their (effions, to anfwer of the matters contained in the faid indictments. Provided always, That the feigniories marchers, of whom fuch offenders their abbettors and receivers hold lands and tenements, (hall have the forfeit of them, and the lords marchers, the forfeitures of their goods and chattels found with-in their feigniories, after that they (hall be attainted of the offences aforefaid. And that this ordinance (hall endure till the end of fix years.

CAP. IV.

What duties they fhallpay to the King which carry wools to any other place than to the ftaples.

Woolf. TTEM, pur faid fovereign lord the King hath granted and * \Vooltcls, &c. ordained, by the authority aforefaid. That every merchant ‘ P ?# denizen for wools, woolfels, and tin, which (hall be charged and (hipped in any gaily, carack, or other ve(fel, to be brought and carried by the (ea oy the King’s licence or otherwife, to other places and ports than to the ftaple of the King, (hall pay to the King fuch cuftoms and fubfidits and other devoirs, as merchants aliens pay to the King for fuch mcrchandifes. Provided always, Th^t this grant or ordinance (hall not extend to any perfons, which have licence by the King’s letters patents to them made before' this time, to (hip, c^rry, or bring any wools, woolfels, or tin to other places or ports beyond the fea, than to the ftaple of Calais, but that they (hall bp of this ordinance clearly difeharged and excepted.

CAP. V.

No cuftomer, &c. Jhall have a Jhip of his own, ufe mer-cbandifcy keep a wharf or inn, or be a faftor.

Tbecaufe TTEM, Whereas in the par- TTEM come al parlement tc-why a com-	4* Uametil holden at Weftmin-	JL nuz a Weftm’ lan de regne

mon hattlcr	fter the eleventh year of the reign	du Roi Henrile quart xj. ordinc

(hall not be a	qf King Henry the Fourth, it	fuift & eftablie qe null home qi

cont°ollcr or	or^ned and.flablijbedy That tient commune hoftrerie en af-

farther?* °T no man bad a common bojlry cun citee ou burgh diced roi-4	*	in any city or borough of this alme foiet cuftumer controul-

realrrty Jhall he cuflomer, control-	lour ne fercheour & ceo pur

lery nor fearchery and that to cf-	efehuer les damages & preju-*

chew the damages and prejudices	dices qi dent purront acrefcier

which thereof may growj by the	par le favour qe tielx com-

favour that fuch common hof-	munes hoftelers purroient &

tiers may and will make to mer-	veudroient fa i eras marchauntz.

chantsy and to other their guejlt	&fcas autres lour hoftes eh lour

in their offices: (2) And now	offices. Etjatarde divers cuf-

•..................of........................ turners

Digitized by (^.ooQle

burners countrollers & auxi fer-cheours countrollours &furvei-ours des fercheours ount divers hommes pur eftre lour clerkes deputes & miniftres en lour ditz offices des queux clerkes deputes & miniftres af-cuns ount niefs de lours pro-pres & afeuns eux intromittent del frette des niefs auxint acha-tent & vendount diverfes mer-chaundifes & ount & occupi-ount a lour propre oeps diverfe wherwes & keyes efteantz par les ripes del ewe lou commune jdifeharge des merchaundife eft ,eue en diverfe portz diced roialme par qe fibien graunde deceit & damage journement acrefcent au Roy de fez cuftume & fubfidees come graunde perde as marchauntz re-pairauntz a les portz ou les ditz clerks deputees & miniftres occupient les ditez offices des queux clerks deputees et miniftres auxi pluifours tei-gnent hoftries & tavemes & auxi gardent wharves & eux &!our fervitours fount fedlours & attournes pur merchauntz deiniins &c aliens par qe granules damages & perdes joume-pient accrefcent au Roy en fez cuftume & fubfidies par le favour qe tielx clerkes deputes & miniftres tiels hoftries taverns & wharves teygnauntz facient as marchauntz he as autres lours hoftes en les ditz offices & pluis greindre damages eft femblable dent ac-crefcier en temps avenir ft haftifremedie ne foiet purvieu. Noftre dit feignur le Roy voil-lant encountre tielx damages & perdes purvoier dp remedie en ceft partie ad ordeigne & eftablii par laudtorite fuifdit qe nujl cuftumer ne controller dy la cuftume clerks deputes

ou

of late divers cuftomersy control* lers, andalfo fearchers, controllers, and furveyors of fearchers, have divers perfons to be their clerks, deputies, end mniJUrs in their feud offices, of which clerks, deputies, and minifters, feme have Jbips of their own, and feme of them meddle with the freighting of(hips, and alfo buy. and fell divers merchandifes, and thereof occupy to their own ufe divers wharfs and keys, being by the water's fides, where common difehdrge of divers merchandifes is bad in divers ports of this realm, by the which as well great deceit and damages daily do grow to the Ki*g of his cufloms and fubjidies, as a great lofs to merchants repairing to the ports where the faid clerks, deputies, and minifters be 5 (3) alfo many hold hoftries and taverns, and alfo keep wharfs, and they and their fervants be factors and attomies for merchants, denizens, and aliens, by which great damage and lofs daily doth grow to the King in his cufloms and fubfidies, by favour that fuch clerks, deputies, and minifters holding fuch hoftries, taverns, and wharfs, do to merchants and to other their guefts in the faid offices, and greater damage is like thereof to grow in time to come, if fpeedy remedy be not provided: (4) Our faid lord the King, willing againft fuch damages and lofles to provide a remedy in this behalf, hath ordained and eftabliftied by authority aforefaid. That no cu-ftomcr, controller of the cu-ftom, clerks, deputies, minifters, por their fervants, fac- No cuftomer, tors nor fearchers, controllers

«r «f fa"*- —“JSSL

their clerks, deputies, mini- ufemerchan-fters, or factors lhall have any dife, keep a (hips of their own, (5} or (hall wharf, an inn, r	kuv	°r b« a fattor

J to another.

Digitized by

Google

$5°

Anno vicefimo Henrici VI.

buy or fell by way or by colour of merchandife, (6) nor they (hall not meddle with freighting of (hips, or have or occupy any fuch wharfs or keys, (7) or (hall hold any hoftries or taverns, (8) or (hall be any factors, or attor* nies for any merchant, deni* zen, or alien, (o) nor (hall be hods to any merenant alien (10) upon the pain of xl li. to be forfeit as often as they do the contrary, that is to fay, one half to the King, and the other half to him that will fue in this cafe agamft any fuch per-fon doing the contrary. This ordinance to begin at the feaft of Saint Michael next coming.

[1442.

ou miniftres ne lour fervauntz ou favours ne fercheours coun-trollours ou furveiours des fetches ne lours clerkes deputes miniftres ou ftuftours eient af-cuns niefs de lour propres ou acchatent ou vendent par voie ou par colour de merchaundifb ne eux entremittent de frett de niefs ou eient ou occupied afeuns tielx wherves ou fcey$s ou teignent afeuns hoftries ou tavernes ou foi-ent afeuns favours ou attour-nes pur afcun marchaunt denizen ou alien ne foient holies a afyun marchaunt alien fur le peine de xl li. deftre forfait fi fo-vent coment il$ fount la contra-rie ceftaflavoir lun$ moite au

Roy & a celuy qe voet fuer en ceft cas envers afcun tiel perfone faifant le contrarie lautre moite, Ceft ordinaunce a commencer a le fed de Seint Michell profeheip. avenier.

CAP. VI.

A confirmation for ten years of the fiatute 0/15 Hen. VIt cap. 2. touching the transportation of corn being of car* tain prices.

Ex edit. Raft. TTEM, whereas at the parliament holden at 1VeJlminfiery the Cora licence. X xv. year of the reign of our faid fovereign lord the King that now is, for the common profit of all the realm, and ef-pecially for the counties adjoining to the fea, it was ordained and ftabliftied in the form which followeth. Item, forafmuch as by the King it is ordained, That no man may carry or bring com out of fne realm, without the King’s licence, by caufe whereof fanners and other men, which ufe manuring of their land, may not feil their corn but at a low price, to the great damage of the really. Our faid fovereign lord the King, willing in this cafe to provide a remedy, hath ordained and ftabliftied by authority ^forefaid, That it (hall he lawful to eveiy man to (nip and carry alj manner of com and grain out of this realm, to any place that hitn pleafeth, except all only to the King’s enemies, as often and as long as a quarter or wheat doth not exceed the price of vj. s. viij. d. and a quarter of barley three (hillings, in the port where the wheat or barley is fo (hipped. And that without fuing any licence for the fame all manner of ordinance made to the contrary notwithftanding. Provided always, That the King be contented of his cuftoms and devoirs. And this ordinance (hall endure till the next parliament. Our faid fovereign lord the King, forafmuch a$ this ftatute is not now ip his force, and that many counties

Digitized by

e joining

!44* ]	Anno	vicefimo	HenMci	VI.

adjoining to the Tea, may not fell the fubfhtnce of their com, but by carriage and bringing by the fea, hath ordained by the authority aforefaid, That the ftatute and ordinance aforefaid now expired (as afore is faid) (hail begin to hold his force at the feaft of the nativity of our Lady next enfuing, and (hall enduri from thence till the parliament next to be holden after the fame feaft, fo that a parliament be holden within ten years next enfbing after the first beginning of this prefent parliament. And if fo be that there be no parliament holden within the lame ten years, that then it (hall continue and endure till the end of the fame ten years.

CAP. VII.

Jf any carry merchandifes into Wales, and after bring them into England not cuftomed, be jhall forfeit them.

ITEM, it is granted and ordained by the authority afore- Merchandifes# laid. That if any hereafter bring any merchandises coming from any parts beyond the fea, to anjr port or place within the land ot JVale^ and after them fend into England, and there difeharge them out of any (hip or veflel the cuftoms and fubfidies thereof to the King not paid, or if any perfon in any of the laid ports and places in tValei^ (hip any wools, woolfels, or other Cuftom, merchandife of the ftaple, to be brought to the parts beyond wools, wodt* the fea, not cuftomed, nor the fubfidy to the King not payed, feh* lhall forfeit the fame goods and merchandifes. And that the King (hall have his fuit in this behalf m the county next adjoining in England to the port, in the which fuch merchandifes lhall be (hipped or brought into Wales^ and that this ordinance fhall endure till the next parliament.

CAP. VIII.

In what cafe the King's purveyors that would take cat tie r may be refifted.

I*TEM, it is ordained by the authority aforefaid. That the The King s ftatutes before this time made of purveyors and buyers, purveyors lhall be holden and kept, and put in due execution. (2) And who will take in cafe that any purveyor, buyer, or taker, will take and make purveyance, or buy any thing to the value of forty (hillings or or under, and under of aiw perfon, and make not ready payment in hand, not make pre-that then it mail be lawful to every of the King’s liege people to re-* fent Wmcntr tain their goods and chattels, and to refill fuch purveyors and buy-	rc~

ers, and in no wife fuffer them to make any fuch purveyances, buyings, or takings* (3) And for the peace better to be kept, that every conftable, tythingman, or chief pledge of every town or hamlet, where fuch takings or purveyances (hall be made, (hall be aiding or affiftmg to the owner or feller of (uch things to be taken againft the form of this ordinance, to make refiftancc in the form aforefaid, in cafe that fuch conftables, ty-thingmen, or chief pledges be required that to do, upon pain to yield to the party fo gneved, the value of the things fo taken,

with

Digitized by Google

% Anno viccfimo Henrici VI. [1442.'

with his doujble damages. (4) And that none of the King’s liege people oe put to lofs or damage, by the King or any officer tor fuch refiftance. (<) And that none of the King’s officers (hall do to be arretted, vexed, or impleaded in the court of the Marjhalfea or elfewhere, any of the King’s liege people for fuch withholding or not fuffering to be done, upon pain to lofe twenty pounds, the one moiety of that to the King, and the other moiety to him, which will m fuch cafe fue. (6) And that the juftices of peace in every county (hall have power oy authority of this ordinance, to inquire, hear and‘determine, as well at the fuit of the King, as of him which will fue, of any thing done againft this ordinance, and thereof to make due punifhment and execution, and to award damages to the party plaintiff, when any defendant is thereof duly convidh (7) And that in, 36 Ed. 3. c. 6. every action to be taken, upon this ordinance, every party de-C fenc*arit	be	put to anfwer to that without aid of th^

i*Car.»%/t4. King. (8) And in fuch actions to be taken, procefs (hall be * made as in a writ of trefpafs done againft the peace, and that in every commiflion of purveyors, buyers, or takers to bemadej this ordinance (hall be contained and exprefled. (9) And moreover, that this ordinance among other ftatutes of purveyors, buyers, or takers before this time made, (hall be lent to the (heriffs of every county of England, to proclaim and deliver the faid ftatutes and ordinances in the manner-and form contained in the ftatute of purveyors and buyers, made the first year of the reign of our faid fovereign lord the King that now is, upon the pain contained in the fame ftatute. (10) And moreover the King will and commandeth, That the ftatute made the fix and thirtieth year of King Edward, late king of England, the third after the conqueft, touching purveyors of other perfons than of the King, (hould be put in due execution.

CAP. IX.

The order of trial of • counteffesy &c. being indifted of treafotty &c.

ITEM come continue foit en la Gnflmde Chartre entre autres en la fourme qenfuyt:

4 Nullus liber homo capiatur 4 aut imprifonetur aut difieifi-4 atur de libero tenemento fuo f aut libertatibus aut liberis 4 confuetudinibus fuis aut ut-* lagetqr aut exulet aut aliquo 4 modo deftruatur nec fuper 4 eum mittemus nec fuper eum f ibimusnifi per legale judicium 4 pariutn fuorum vel per legem f terre/ En quele eftatuit neft my mention fait coment femmes dames de graunde eftate par caufig de lqur barons percs

Magna charta TTEM, Whereas it is contained cap. 19. JL in the Great Charter amongft other things, in the form which followeth: No freeman )hould be taken or imprifonedy or dijfeifed of his freehotay or bis libertieSy or freecujiomsy or flail be outlawed or banijhedy or in any wife deftroyedy nor we will go upon himy nor fend upon himy but by the lawful judgment of bis peers, or by the law of the land; (2) in which ftatute is no mention made how womeny ladies of great eftater in refpeSt to their husbands, peers of the landy married or fole*> that is ta fayy ducheffeSy counteffeSy or tyaronejfcs^

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno viceflmo HeKrici VI.

de la terre covertez ou foulez ceftaffaver duchefles countefles ou baroneflez ferront mys a refponder ou devaunt queux juges els ferront juggez fur en-ditementz de trefons ou felonies par eux faitz a caufe de quell il eft une ambigilite be doute en la ley devaunt queux ic par queux tielx dames iftint enditez ferront myfez a ref-pondre & eftre adjuggez. Nof-tre dit feignur le Roy voillaht ouftier tielx ambiguitees & doutes ad declare par lauctorite defuifdit qe tielx dames iftint enditez ou en apres a enditerz de afcun trefon ou felonie par eux faitz ou en apres affairez coment qe eles foient covertez de baron ou foules qe eles ent foient mefnez en refponfe & mys a refpondre & adjuggez devaunt tielx jugges ic peres de le roialme ficome autres .peres de le roialme ferroient fils fuiftent enditez ou empef-chez de tielx trefons ou felonies faitz ou en apree affairez ic en autiel maner ic fourme & en null autre.

baroneffiSi/baU be put to an fwer^ or before what judges that they /hall be judged upon indictments, of trea-fans,, or felonies by them committed or doney in regard whereof it is a doubt in the law ^England, before wbom9 and by whom fuch ladies fo indicted /ball be put to anfwery and be judged; (3) our faid lord the King willing to put out fuch ambiguities and doubts, hath declared by authority aforefaid, That ladies fo indicted, or hereafter to be indicted, of any trea-fbn or felony by them done^or hereafter to be done, whether they be married or foie, that they thereof (hall be brought to anlwer, and put to anfwer, and judged before fuch judges and peers of the realm, as peers ofthe realm (hould be, if they were indicted or impeached of fuch trea-fons or felonies done, or hereafter to be done, and in like manner and form, and none other-wife.

*53

6 Co. 51.

The order

of trial of duchefles, countefles, or baroneiles, being indited of treafoh or felony.

CAP. X.

Four wardens of the worfted weavers of Norwich appointed yearly to infpect and regulate the worfted in that city, and two in Norfolk. The length and breadth of all forts of worfteds made in Norwich and Norfolk 'ajjtgned.

ITEM, whereas as well in the City of Norwich as in the Ex edit. Raft.

county of Norfolk there be divers perfons which make falfe Worfteds. cloths of all manner of worfteds not being of the aflifes in length and breadth as they ought to be and were of old time accuftom-ed, and the flays and threads pertaining to the fame be not rightfully made and wrought, in great deceit as well of denizens of the King as of the ftrangers repairing into this realm* of Englandy which buy and ufe fuch merchandife, trufting that it (hall be within as it fheweth without, where, of truth it is contrary: And whereas worfted was lometime a good merchandife and greatly defired and loved in the parts beyond the fea, now becaufe that it is of falfe work and of falfe fluff, no man thereof taketh regard which is great damage to the King^s cuftoms, to the great damage and prejudice of the King’sfaithuil -liegepeople: Our faid fovereign lord the King, willingagainft fuch

.Digitized by

Norwich*

•3 H. 6. c. y Ed. 4. c.

Anno vicefimo Henkici VI. [1442;

damage and prejudice to provide a remedy in this behalf, hath ordained by the authority afbrefaid, That men of the craft of worded-weavers within the faid city, (hall have power every year at the fead of pcntecoft to choofe iiii. wardens within the faid city, of the fame craft, and the fame wardens to have power to choofe other ii. men of the fame craft in the faid county of the faid city, and all the fame wardens to come before the mayor of the laid city for the time being, the Monday after the day of Corpus Cbrijti then enfuing, and there to be fwom before the mayor, to do right and make due fearch of all manner of wordeds, and of the ftuff belonging to the fame, made or to be made within the (aid city or county. And that every piece of worded (hall be purluing through the cloth of right work good and convenable fluff, and that they (hall hold the length and breadth as the aflife hath of old time been right* fuUy accuftomcd, that is to fay, the beds of the greateft aflife , iiPlength xiiii. yards largely, and in breadth four yards through the piece, and beds of the mean afTife xii. yards in length and three yards in breadth through the piece, and beds of the lea# aflife x. yards in length largely, and two yards and a half in breadth, and cloths called monks cloths, xii. yards in length at the lead, and five quarters in breadth, and cloths called canon cloths, five yards in length and vii. quarters in breadth, and cloths called cloths, vi. yards in length and two yards in the breadth, and double worded x. yards in length, and five quarters in breadth largely, and halt doubles, vi. yards in length, and five quarters in breadth, and roll worded, xxx. yards in length, and half a yard in breadth largely. And that no lambs wool, nor wool called pelt wool (hall be put in any of thefe wordeds. And that the wardens of the feid craft for the time being, (hall have power and authority to feife all fuch cloths and duff fo found defective. And that the mayor of the faid city for the time being, fhall have power by the faid authority to enquire, hear, and determine as well at the King’s fuit as at the information of the faid wardens, of all them which do contrary to this ordinance within the faid city. And in like I * form the judices of peace in the faid county out of the faid city, (hall have power to enquire, hear, and determine, of all them which do againd the premifles in the faid county out of the faid city. And if any man before the mayor or judice of the peace be thereof duly convidt and attainted, that then the lame wordeds and duffs 10 found defective, fhall be forfeit that ji to fay, the one half of fuch forfeiture to the King, and the other half to the wardens for the time being of the faid craft. And that the mayor for the time being of the faid city, and the judices of peace for the faid county, (hall have power to make fuch procefs feverally againd fuch perfon or perfons, which fhall be found to be defective by enquiry before them to be taken, of any thing done againd the premifles, as the King’s juftkes of p'eace do upon indictments taken before them of trefpafs done witlj force and arms againd the King’s peace.

Anfl

Digitized

:ed by Google

I442*i /Anno ^cefimo K(ENtoci VI,

And that this ordinance (hall begin to take effeA at the feaft of Saint Michael next coining. And that it (hall endure till the end of three years nextenfuing after the lame feaft of Saint Michael.

CAP. XI.

A repeal of fo much of the ftatute of 2 Hen. V. ftat. r. cap. 6. as maketb the breaking of truce and fafe conducts high treafon.

ITEM, where it was ordained and declared by the ftatute Truce.

made the fecond year of the reign of King Henry V. father to our fovereign lora the King that noW is, forafmuch as before the faid ordinance divers people comprifed within the faid truces, made as well by the faid late King as by King Henry the Fourth, grandfather to our fovereign lord that now is, and >divers other having fafe condu&s as well of the faid late King SafecondnSa, Henry the V. as of the (aid late King Henry the Fourth, fome have been (lain, fome robbed and delpoiled by the King’s liege people and fubjeAs, as well upon the main fea as within the ports and coafts of the fea of England, of Ireland and of lVale$y whereby the faid truces and fafe condu As have been broken and ^offended, to the great difhonour and (lander of the King, and againft his dignity, and the faid man-killers, robbers, fpoilers,

And offenders of the faid truces and the Kings fafe conduAs, as afore is declared, have been bv divers of the King’s liege people and fubjects within the coafts of divers counties received, abbetted, and procured, concealed, hired, fuftained, and main*	*

tained, that fuch manflaughters, robbery, fpoiling, breaking 0 of truces, and of the King’s fafe conduAs, and wilful receipt, abettment, procurement, concealment, hire, fuftenance, and maintenance of fuch perfons to be made in time to come by any of the King’s liege people and fubjeAs within the realm of England^ of Ireland, and of Wales) or upon the main fea, (hall be judged and determined for high treafon, done againft the crown and the King’s dignity. And forafmuch as the pains contained and fpecined in the ftatute aforefaid, be fo rigorous againft the King’s liege people and fubjeAs, and them fo ftraitly .bind that the aaverfaries and enemies of the King be greatly boldened and comforted to make war againft them, and many of the King's liege people and fubjeAs as well upon the fea and coafts of the fea, as in the marches of the realm of England, oftentimes have been, fome robbed and fpoiled, and fome (lain, whereby many of the King’s liege people inhabiting in the marches and coafts aforefaid, be greatly hindered and im~ poveri(hed, and in point to be finally deftroyed, and the merchants and mariners of the King be greatly thereby difeouraged ami abaflied to pafs upon the fea with their (hips and veflels, with their merchandises, or other wife to make war for the fafe-guard of the fea, and the navy of the realm of our faid fovereign Jord the King in point to be deftroyed, and the merchants ofvthe King cjcarly difepmforted to make or renew any (hip?

or

Digitized by

Google

i§S	Artno	vicefimo	Henrici	VI.	[144$.

br veflels. At the parliament holden at Wejlminjlery the tenth day of Oftobery the xiiii. year of the reign of our faid fovereign lord the King that now is, the penalty, judgment, and determination in the fame ftatute contained was put in fufpence and refpite by yij. years then next enfuing, as by the ftatute thereof made in the fame parliament plainly appeareth : The fame our fovereign lord the King that now is, confidering the premifles, and that the faid time of feven years is well nigh paft, ordairieth by authority aforefaid that none of his liege people and fub-. je&s, by force of the (aid ftatute, for nothing by him attempted or hereafter to be done againft the form and tenor of the faid ftatute, as to the faid pain of treafon, (hall be in any wife pu-nilhed, molefted, nor grieved, nor (hall incur no pain for the fameotherwife than he ought before the making of the faid ftatute^ but tjiat he, his heirs, and executors of all pains and forfeitures of treafon, becaufe of the faid ftatute, againft the King, his heirs, and fuccefiors, (hall be clearly quit and discharged. And that this ordinance (hall endure till the next parliament.

CAP. XII.

A reformation of the partition money artfing by the fale of wools and wool/els by the mayor and conjlable of Calais, ordered for feven years.

Ex edit. Raft. ITEM, wheeas by the ordinance of partition made upon Partition of JL wools and woolfels in the ftaple of Calais, and by the long wooI“ and ftraight contirtuance of the fame, great hinderance and fels. See. decreafe have come to the King of great notable fums of his Staple. o great cuftoms and fubfidies, as well in his realm of England^ as at his town of Calais, as appeareth Sufficiently of record in his exchequer, for the which the commons of this realm have been oftentimes charged to their great damage, the King’s foldi-ers of Calais, and of the marches there, the worfe paid of their wages, the faid town and caftle of Calais not repaired, and that alfo the faid ftraight rule hath caufed many merchants ftrangers to labour to their lords of their party to make as grievous and ftraight fearch upon bullion coming to the King’s mint to Calais, fo that men of divers countries in conveyance of bullion have been greatly hindered, as well in their perfons as in their goods, fo that the (aid mint is fallen in great decay, arid may not be fuftained as it was in the time of the reign of King Henry the Fifth, father to our faid fovereign lord the King that now is, and many year, before that the faid partition was first ordained and made. And that moreover that merchants of this realm be by that greatly hindered, and the moft part of them of very neceflity be enforced to leave their merchandifes’ of wools and woolfels, becaufe that they may not attend the ftraight rule of the faid partition. Ana whereby fome do fteal out of this realm wools and woolfels without payment of any cuftom or fubfidy, to our fovereign lord the King for the fame which hath been and is daily a great decreafe and hinderance to the navy of this realm or England, and to

the

Digitized by

Gc >gle

*57

T442'] Anno vicefimo Henrici VI.

the matters of (hips and mariners, becaufe that their living and yearly avail is greatly decreafed and minilhed by the little flapping of wools and woolfels of the faid ftaple, for the caufes aforefaid, and that the price and value of the wool* and woolfels by the laid ftreigbt rules and ordinances of partition is very greatly decreafed and minilhed. And whereas upon the fame it was prayed to the fame our fovereign lord the King that now is, by his faid commons by their petition to him made, that it would pleafe him of his noble grace to cqpfider the premifles, and for the univerfal weal, avail, and increafe of riches of this realm, to grant and ordain by the authority afore- / faid. That all wools and wpolfels, which hereafter mall be (hipped by merchants denizens of this realm of England to the ftaple of Calais, (hall be put to fale by the owners of the fame wools and woolfels, or by their attomies there under due form and rule of the faid ftaple, to the price and value of the faid wools and woolfels, as it is by the ordinance of the faid ftaple at this time put and ufed, or at fuch price as by the rule of the faid ftaple (hall be ordained and appointed, as often and when it (hall pleafe the fame merchants or their attomies. So that the third part of the price and value for all fuch wools and. woolfels, to be . fold hereafter to the faid ftaple, at the time of the fale and before the deliveiy of them, (hall be brought from the faid ftaple and had in bullion of diver to the King's mint, at Calais, there to be coined by the furveying of the mayor, conttables, and company of the (aid ftaple for the time being, to be delivered after that it is fo coined to the faid merchants owners of the faid wools and woolfels fo fold, and by them or their at-tomies to be brought and had in the faid realm of England by the ordinance and furveying of the faid mayor and conftables and company of the faid ftaple for the time being, without em-bezzeling or fubtra&ion ot that in any wife, and without any partition of the money which (hall come of the faid bullion, or of any payment of tnefe other parties of the value of the faid wools and woolfels to be had or made. And that this ordinance (hall endure till the end of feven years next enfuing : The fame pur fovereign lord confidering the premifles hath’granted and ordained, by the authority aforefaid. That as to the partition aforefaid, the mayor and conftables* and company of the faid ftaple of Calais (hall reform the fame among themselves according to the faid petition, before the first day of Auguft next coming.

And that it (hall be fo obferved hereafter during the faid vii.

!rears. And if that they do not then the fame, our fovereign ordthe King hath granted and ordained by the authority aforefaid, That as to the petition and to the remanent in the fame petition contained, it fh^ll be done as is defired.

Vo*. Ill,	S

Statutes

Digitized by Google

Anno viccfimo tertio HBNRICIVI. [1444*,

Statutes made at Wefimii$tr9 Anno 23 Hen* VI* and Dom. 1444*

AT the parliament holders at Weftminrter

EN

W

pariement tenuz a Weftm’ lc xxv jour dc Fevcrcr lan du reignc noftre feignur lc Roi Henry le vi. 3pres le conqueft xxiii. mefmc noftre feirnur le Roi del advys et aflcnt de lei fcignurs efpirituelx et temporelx et les commut nes efteantz en le dit parle merit et parau&oritede mefmele par-lement, lift ordeigner & efta-blict diverfez ordeignauncez et eftatuitz en le ijpwer et fourme que enfuift,

Ex edit. Pulton.

36 Ed. 3. c. *. No purveyance but for the King. Ready payment (ball be made.

The name of purveyors changed, and they named buyers.

By whom goods purveyed (hall be praifed.

Prifes (hall be made where there isplenty. No more (hall be taken than is needful for the time.

A taker (hall bave no de-

Ki

The fealofthe com million. Refiftance of the purveyors if they make not readypay-

the twenty fifth day ^February, the twenty third year of the reign of King Henry the*Si#th after the cm-quefty the fame our lord the King, erfthe advice and affentof the lords Jpirituflland temporal^ and the com-mons being in the faid parliament, oy the authority of the fame parliament , made to be $raainedy and Jlabli/hed divers ordinances and Jiatutes in the manner and form following.

CAP. L

4 confirmation of the ftatute of 36 Edw. III. $. 2. ami other Jiatutes touching the King's purveyor*.

The name of Purveyors turned into Buyers.

FIRST, Whereas in the parliament holden the xxxvj. year of King Edward the Third, for the grievous complaints made againft purveyors of victuals, it was ordained and efta~ blidled. That no man of the realm (hould have any takings but only the King and the. Queen his companion: (a) and that upon fact purveyance to be made for the houfes of the King and die Queen, ready payment fhould he made in hand, that is to fay, the price for which fuch vi&uals fhould be commonly in markets near ahoutj (3) and that the heinous name of purveyors ihould be changed, and named buyers: (4) And if the buyers cannot well agree with the feller, for that which (hall be needful, then the prifes that (hall be made for the &id two houfes, (hall be made by the view, witnefllng, and ap-praifment of the lords, or their bailiffs and conftables, and four good men of every town, and that by indenture to be made betwixt the buyers and the (aid lords or bailiffs, conftables, or four men, containing the quantity of the thing by them taken^ and the price, and of what perfons: (5) and tnat the prifes (hall be made in a convenient and eafy manner, without durefs, menace, rebuke, or otherwife: (6) and that the prifes and buyings (hall be made in places where there is greateft plenty, and that in convenient time • (7) and that there be no more taken than (hall need for the leafon for the faid two houfes t (8) and that the number of the faid buyers (hall be abated, in as much as a man may well : (9) and that fuch be buyers which (hall be fufficipnt to ajjfwer to the King and fo his people, and that none of them (hall have a deputy: (10) and that

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

M44-3 Anno viceftmo tertio Hensici VI.	259

the comntiffions (hall be (baled wkh the great Tea], and. every meat, or take fcajf year returned into the chancery, and other to he made of *>r.0,b?r* new : (11) and that in the faid commiilions (hall be compri-fed all the manner and matter of their prifes and buyings, *

{12) and that no man (hall be bound to obey the buyers of other lords againft their will, nor to the buyers of toe (aid houfes, if they make not ready payment in hand, as afore is faid : (13) and that no man (hall be charged for a contempt .becaule of difobedience done in this behalf: (14) and that The corn the prifes of all manner of com and malt for the faid two take" foall be houfes, (hall be meafored by the meafure according to the ftandard ftricken and not heaped : (15) and for the carriage 4 £d. 3. c. 3. pf the com and mbit, and for all other manner of prifes and *j Ed. 3. ft. buyings to be made for thefc two houfes, ready payment (hall c- *• be made in hand in the fame manner as for the prifes and*'5*2'*'g* buyings aforefeid : (jb) and that no more carriage be taken pay-’ £ban mall be needful in this behalf: (17) and if any buyer ment for car-jmaifo any prifes and buyings, or be taker of carriage in any riagc.

Other manner than is comprifed in their commiffions, they Sh°nySt*** (hall have pqni foment of life and of member, as is ordained of otnerw surveyors,

CAP. IL

fn what cafe the King's	purveyors, who the lajl pre-

cedent chapter to be termed buyers, may be

ITEM, That no buyer of vufhtal, or taker of carriage, (hail No .purveyor take or receive of any man anygift or other pjeafure, to foautak*or ■ iflvew any favour, or foall charge nr grieve any man in refpeft forbear for.fa* ®f fuch takings, buyings and carriages, for hatred, envy, evil a takerfhalt*’ will, or procurement: (2) and if he do, and thereof be at- make a parti-fainted at the (hit of the party, he foall yield to the party his cular account double damages, and (hall have imprifonment of two years, and °*,each tbil)S (hall be nuifomed at the King’s will, and after (hajl forfwear the ta e"‘ court: (3) and if the party will not fue, he that will fue for the King, (hall have the third peny of that which (hall be re-, covered for his labour, and neverthelefs the buyer and taker (hall have the punifoment as afore is faid in the fame article :

(4) apd that every buyer upon his account (hall caufe to be declared, and fevcrally diftinguifoed the takings and buyings <pf every county, town or penon: (5) our faid lord the King a rehearfal that now is, confidering the premifles, hath ordained and com- and confirma-tnanded by authority of this faid parliament. That the faid t,on the ibtutes from henceforth (hall be duly kept and put in execution, otc (b) and alfo hath ordained by the fame authority. That every 3	'3’C’ *'

purveyor and buyer before they (hall have any commiflion, (hall The taker* be fwom in the chancery, that he (hall take nothing of the pco- oath, pie contrary to the faid ordinances.

II. And moreover, becaufe the poor people be not able, nor 5^*?nce°f dare make refiftance againft the purveyors and buyers, nor fue me ers’ • them by the law, though that they do contrary to the faid ftatutes, it is ordained by the fame authority, That the praifers,

. S %	and

Digitized by Google

Two fever*!

remedies for the party wronged by the tiucers.

z6o	Anno viccfimo tertio Henrici VI. [1444;

*nd alfo all the town or towns adjoining, if need be, (hall be bound to do their endeavour and power to refift the buyers and purveyors doing contrary to the faid ftatutes, and as much as in them is, to execute the laid ftatutes upon the fame purveyors, if they be required; (q) and that he which is grieved for his goods taken contrary to the faid ftatutes and ordinances, may choofe to have an aftion of debt afpunft the faid praifers, town or towns, and every of them, which do not their induftry in re-fiftance of the faid purveyors or buyers in the form aforefaid, when they (hall be required, or elfe againft the faid purveyors or 'buyers, and every of them, to recover the treble value of his goods fo taken, and moreover his cofts and his treble damages. (3) And if any purveyor or other the King’s officer do trouble or vex any of the King’s liege people in the marlhalfea or elfe-where, by any evil fuggeftion or caufe feigned, imagined, or coloured upon them in refpedt of execution of the faid ordinances. The remedy if he (hall incur the pain of xx 1. to be paid to the party grieved, the King’s of- over his damages and cofts in this behalf fuftained: (4^ and blehfm which 5^at thereupon (hall have a writ of debt; (5) and that every feeketh lawful ^*uc triable in their altion, (hall be tried in the county where the revenge. taking of the faid goods was made, and that the defendants in all the faid cafes (hall not be admittedto wage their law, and (hall be put to anfwer without fourching,and no e(Ibin,aid of the King, nor protection (hall be to them allowed: (6) and that the feijeant of the cateiy (hall fatisfy all the damages, debts and executions which (hould be recovered againft every purveyor and buyer under him in ail the cafes aforefaid, if the purveyor or buyer be not fufficient to fatisfy: (7) and the party complainant (hall have a Scire facias to have execution againft the faid feijeants in that cafe: (8) and that thefe ftatutes and ordinances (hall be fent to the jufticcs of the peace in every county to proclaim them every year, and thereof to inform the people.

CAP. III.

Whoever /ball pack or Jhip tbrtims or threads to pafs leyond the feas, during three years next comings Jhall forfeit the fame> or the value. lx Edit. Raft. TTEM, our faid fovereign lord the King hath ordained by A the authority aforefaid: That no man hereafter (hall pack nor (hip any thrums nor woolen threads in any wife, to be had or to pafs out of this realm of England beyorid the fea, during the term of three years next enfuing, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame thrums and woolen thread, or the very value of the fame to the King: the King to have the one half thereof, and he which (hall the fame efpy, find, and prove the fame to be forfeit, to have the other half. And that he that packeth to (hip beyond the fea, any fuch thrums or woolen thread hereafter, contrary to this ordinance, (hall have one year’s imprifonment, and moreover (hall make fine and ranfom for his offence in this behalf, laving always to the King his advantage by the ftatute made in the parliament holden at IVcjlminJier the viii. year of his til. 6. c. 23. noble reign touching this matter.	CAP.

Digitized by Google '

The ferjeant of the eatery (hall anfwer for fome takers his inferior officers.

1444*1 AnnO triWfimo tertio Henrici VL

261

CAP. IV.

Four wardens of worjled weavers Jhall be chofen yearly during three years next coming, within the city of Norwich* and other, four within the county 0/Norfolk, which Jhall Jet down otdets for the true making of worjieds within Norwich and Norfolk; and Suffolk,

ITEM, whereas in the laft parliament of the King holden at JVeJlminJler, among other things it was ena&ed and granted by authority of the fame parliament, That where there were di-Vers perfons as well within the city of Norwich as in the county of Norfolk, which made falfe work of all manner of worfteds; not being of the affife in length and breadth as they ought to be* and were of old time accuftomed, and the flaies and thread to that pertaining were falfly made and wrought, to the great deceit as well of denizens as of ftraogers repairing to this realm; which ufe to buy fuch merchandifes, trufting that they be within as it appearetn outwardly, where of truth it was contrary: and where worfteds were fometime good, merchandifes and greatly defired and loved in the parts beyond the fea, becaufe it was of falfe work and of falfe fluff, no man doth fet by the fame, to the great daihage of the King’s cuftom, and great damage and prejudice to his faithful people, it was alfb prdained to the de-ftrutfion of fuch defaults,That the men of the faid craft within the faid city fhould have power every year at the fealt of Pente-cojl, to choofe four wardens within tne faid city of the fame craft. And the fame wardens to have power to choofe other two men in the county out of the (aid city, and all the faid wardens to come before the mayor of the faid city for the time being, the Monday after the aay of Corpus Crifti then next en-fuing, and there to be fwom before the mayor, to make true and due fearch of all manner of worfteds, and of the ftuff pertaining to the fame, made or to be made within the faid city or county, and that every piece of worfted (hall be purfuing through all the cloth of right work good and convenable fluff; and that they (hall hold the length and breadth as the affife hath been of old time accuftomed, that is to fay, beds of the •greateft affife in length xiiih yards largely, and in breadth iiih yards largely through the piece, and beds of the mean affife xii yards in length, and in breadth through the piece in yards, and and beds of the leaft affife x yards in length largely, and two yards and a half in breadth. And cloths called the monks cloths xii yards in length at the leaft and v quarters in breadth;

And cloths called canon cloths of the one affife y yards in length and vii* quarters in breadth* And of the other affife vi yards in length and ii yards in breadth* And double worfted x yards in length, and v quarters in breadth. And half double vi. yards in length and v. quarters in breadth, and roll worfted fcxx. yards in length and half a yard in breadth largely, And

S3	1 that

Digitized by Google

e 6a

Ptitwool.

Anno vieefimo ttitio HfcftRjci VI- {1444.

that no Iambs wool nor wool called Peltwool (hall be put in any of the fame worded*. . And that the wardens of the (aid craft for the time being (hall have power and authority to feife all fuch cloths and ftuff fo found defective, and that foe mayor of the (aid city for the time being have power to enquire, hear, , tod determine as well at the King’s fuit as at the information of the laid wardens, of all them that do contrary to the laid ordinance within the faid city. In like form the juftictis of thd peace in the laid county out of the faid city, (hall have power to‘ enquire* hear, and determine of aU them that do contrary fo the premifle$ in the faid county out of the (aid city. And if any man befofe foe faid mayor or iuftke of the peace fhaH be dm convkft and attainted, that then foe fame worfteds and ftuff, fo found defective (hall be forfeit, that is to fay, the one half of foch forfeiture to the King, and the other naif to foe wardens of the feid craft for the time being* * And that the mayor for the time being of the faid city, and the juftices of foe peace in the fa»d/ county, (hall have power to make fuch procefs feve- i rally againft fuch perfon or perfons, which (hall be found de- | fe&ve by enquiry before them to be taken of any thing done contrary to the premises, as the juftices of peace do upon indictments taken before them of trefpafs done with force and arms againft the King’s peace. And that the faid ordinance (hall begin to take effect at the feaft of St. Muhail next enfuing the faid parliament, to endure till the end of three years: The King confidering the premifles, hath ordained by authority of his laid parliament, holden the xxv. day of February^ for the weal of all his people of his faid realm, and in amendment of the faid worfteds, for and in deftruCtion of all manner of deceit to be done and wrought in worfteds by them that have them by foe means of the fame, that the men of the faid craft within the faid city lhall have power every year at the feaft of Pentecoji to choofe four wardens within the faid city of the fame craft. And alfo in like manner that the artificers of the fame craft, dwelling out of the faid city, that is to fay, in the county j of Norfolk, (hall have power every year at the feaft of Penttuk to choofe four wardens within the faid county of the fame craft. And that the wardens in the faid county and city (hall be fwom before the mayor of the faid city, and the fteward of the dutchy of Lancajltr within the faid county for the time being, if he be prefent within the faid city, or elle before the mayor alone, foe laid fteward being abfent at fuch time. And that all the faid wardens, as well within the faid city as without, or elfe the moft part of them, under the fame form before rehearfed, cho-fen and fworn, lhall have full power to furvey the work of the (aid artificers. And that they lhall make and work well and lawfully. And do to be ordained fuch rules and ordinances within the faid craft, as lhall feem to them necdlary for foe a-mendment of the faid worfteds and the craft. And that fuch rules and ordinances by them fo made and ordained to be by the faid artificers obeyed and obferved, or elfe fuch of foe faid

arti-

Digitized by LjOOQle

>444*1 Anno vkfefimo teftlo Hbnrici Vl.	a6$

artificers that break or do contrary to the find rules and ordinances, to be punhhed by the difcretion of the (aid mayor and Award. And alfo that no man of the laid craft (hall make any worfted, except he put upon the lame hia lign by the ordinance of the faid wardens, or othcrwife the faid worfteds (hall be forfeit to the King, and that the faid wardens, aa well within the faid city, as within the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, (hall have full power to fearch or do to be fearched all manner of worfteds, as well within the looms as without the looms. And that all manner of worfted and ftuff pertaining to the lame found by them for any caufe recited defective by the faid war-* dens to be forfeit, that is to fay, the one half to the mayor and bailiffs of the city, boroughs, or towns) or to the chief lords of the fee of and in fuch places where fu<!h worfteds and ftuff by the faid wardens (hall happen to be found defective and forfeitable for any caufe aforefaid, and the other half to the wardens of the faid craft, and that all manner mayors, Iheriffs, and bai-liffs, and all other officers (hall be attending, aiding, and fup-porting the faid wardens in their fearches, as often as they or any orthem (hall be.by the faid wardens or any of them required. And that this ordinance (hall endure till the end of three years next enfaing. Provided always. That if the wardens of die faid craft, as well within the faid city of Norwich as without, or otherwife the greater part of them in manner and form aforefaid, happen to be chofen and fwom to make any luch rules and ordinances as afore is faid, that the fame rules and ordinances (hall be in no wife put in execution before that the King and his counfel be certified of them, and that the fame rules and ordinances (hall feem to the King and his counfel expedient and ncceflary for the weal of the King and of his realm.

CAP. V.

Welchmen indiEled of treafon or felony, that do repair into Hcrefordlhire, fhall be apprehended and	ot

or elfepurfued by hue and cry,and a forfeiture of thofe which do	not purfuethem.

ITEM, whereas diversperfons dwelling in Wales and in the Wales.

marches of Wales, indicted and outlawed of treafons and fe- *7 H. *•c* lonies coming into the county of Hereford to cities and burghs towns, fairs and markets, and to other places within the laid county, fomctime by night, and there fell, buy merchandife and tarry by ii. iii. iv. days or more at their will, and after return into their own countries without grievance, impeachment, or execution of the law made upon them by the Iheriff of the fidd county, his minifters, or by any other perfen, by reafon that the (heriff and his minifters oftentimes have no knowledge of	?

their perfons, nor of their bang within the faid county, and o-ther perfons, fome for favour and amity, and fbtne for doubt of hurt, by reafon of which none doing of due execution of the law, the laid perfons ind idled, outlawed, ?nd other offenders of ,	S 4	Wales,

Digitized by

Google

Anno vicefimo tertlo HfeNRlci Vi.

WaUs^ and of the marches aforefaid, doubt not to come, flay, burn, rob, and to do other offences in the hid county, to the perpetual deftrudtion and impoverifhment of the commons of the faid county : our faid fovereign lord the King, confidering the premiffes, hath granted by authority aforefaid. That if the (heriff, underfheriff, or any (heriff’s minifters, mayor and bailiffs of towns and* boroughs, or any other perfon converfant within the faid county, know and fee any fuch perfon indi&ed or outlawed in any place within the faid county, that he (hall arreft, take, and bringhimtothegaol within the laid county, and there (hall deliver him to the gaoler after the law of the realm* And if any fuch perfon indicted or outlawed .will difobey the arreft to be made in the form aforefaid, that he againft whom fuch difobeifance is made, (hall levy hue and cry. And that every perfon that is converfant within the faid county that hear-eth the hue and cry, (hall oome and aid him that levieth the (aid hue and cry, to take the faid offender, and (hall do their power that to do. And if they cannot take him, they (hall follow and purfue him out of tne faid county with hue and cry. And that the (heriff, under-fheriff, and their minifters, mayor and bailiffs converfant and hearing of fuch hue and cries, (had make due execution of the faid ordinance according to their power, upon the pain, that is to fay, the faid (heriff, under-fheriff, and their minifters, mayors and bailiffs, to make fine and ranfom to the King, and the faid perfons converfant and hearers, that is to fay, a knight a C. s. an efquirc forty (hillings, and all other inhabitants twenty (hillings. And that the juftices of peace in the faid county for the time being, (hall have power to enquire* hear and determine upon the defaults and negligencies of the faid (heriff, under-(heriff and minifters, mayor and bailiffs, converfant and hearers of the faid hues and cries. And moreover the King will. That the ftatute of Weft-vurtjier primer, touching like matter, fhall be put in due cxe-* cution.

CAP. VI.

Arebearfal of the ftatute of 15 Hen. 6. c. 2. touching licence to tranfport corn, when wheat doth not exceed vi s. viii d. the quarter, and barley iiij. iv. d. and the fame ftatute made perpetual.

ITEM, whereas at the parliament holden at fVeftminfier the xv. year of the reign of the King that now is, for the common profit of all the realm, it was ordained in the form as fol-loweth. Item, whereas by the law it was ordained. That no man may carry or bring corn out of the realm of England* without the King’s licence, by reafon whereof farmers and other men which ufe the manuring of land, may not fell their com but at a low price, to the great damage of all the realm : our fovereign lord the King, willing in this cafe to provide a remedy, hath ordained by authority aforefaid,That it (hall be lawful to every man to (hip and carry all manner of com and grain out of this .	realm.

Digitized by v^»ooQle

1444*1 Anno vioefimo ccruo HEnRici VL	265

realm, to any place that pleafeth him, except only to the Enemies of our fovereign lord the King, as often and as long as a quarter of wheat doth not exceed the price of vi s. and viii d. Grain* and a quarter of barley iiis. in the fame port where the wheat or barley is fo (hipped, and that without fueing any licence for the lame, and all other ordinances before this time made to the contrary notwithftanding. Provided alw&ys, That the King be contented of his cuftoms and money. And this ordinance (hall endure till the next parliament. And forafmuch as this ftatute is not now in force, and that many counties adjoining to the fea may not fell the fubftance of their corn, but by carriage to be carried by the fea: our faid fovereign lprd the King (con-fidering the premises) hath ordained by authority of his faid parliament, holden the fuel five and twentieth day of February, that the ftatute and ordinance aforefaid by authority of the fame , jac.ix.oc. parliament lhall be perpetual, and (land in his force for ever.	tIJ jac.juc.*i*

CAP. VII.

The gathering of head-pence by the Jheriff of Northumberland fhall ceafe.

ITEM come lez poverez communes & foialx liegez du Roy de fan counte de Nor-thumbr’ ount efte de longe temps oppreflez & furchargez per lez vifeountz du dit coun-tee pur le temps efteantz, le-vauntz & facentz leve de lour biens & chateux a la fomme de lx li\ & pluis, appellez Hede-peniez, deux foitz en vij ans, fcilicet chefcune tierce an & chefcune iiijc an, a lour propre availle, launz afeune accompt, profit, ou availle a Roi & faunz afeun loial avyce ou founde-ment, finoun de lour graund extorfion, le quele caufa diver-fez hommez de laborer & ex-pender graundez biens deftre vifeount, quant lez ditz aps veignent, a le pluis greindre oppreflion de lez ditz communes : Noftre dit feignur le Roy, confiderant lez premiflez, ad prdeigne & graunte per laudorite fuifdit, que le dit colled de lez ditz hede penyez foit tout ouftrement ouftez pur toutz jours, afeun ufe ou cuf-*ume eue a le contrarie nient obftaunt

ITEM, whereas the poor commons, and the King'sfaithful liege people of his county ^Northumberland, have been of long time oppreffed and furcharged by the jheriffs of the faid county for the time being, levying or caufing to be levied of their goods and chat-tels, to the fum of forty pounds, and more, called Head-pence, two times in feven years, that is to fay, every third year, and every fourth year, to their own avail, without any account, profit, or advantage to the King, and without any lawful caufe or ground, but of their great extortion,wbicb caufeth divers men to labour and expend great goods to be jheriff, when the faid years come, to the great opprejfion of the faid com-mons\ (2) our lord the King Th ther_ confidering the premifies, hath ing 0f head-ordained and granted by the pence by the authority aforeiaid, That the (beriffcof faid gatheringof the laid head- SdSSS pence mall be clearly put out Ceafe. for ever, any ufe or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding, upon pain of . an Cli. to be paid, the oue half of the fame

to

Digitized by

Google

14 W. 3«ft at. i

C.7.

a Ltitw.193.

4a ECI.3.C.9.

Anno fricefbno tertto HfiKWci VI. [1444;

txf the King, and the other obftaunt, fur payite de C H* half to the party which will defee paiez, lone moite dicelkt fue for the forfeiture againft the a Roi, k Iautre moite dicelle (heriffi This ordinance to be- a la partie qui fiia la forfaiturv gin at the feaft of the nativity envers le vifcouot, Ceft or-of St. John Baptijl, which (hall deignaunce a commencer a hi be in the year of* our Lord feft dela nativitedeSeint John irl.CCCC,xlvi.	le Baptifte que Terra en lan

nofee fcignurM.CCCC.xlvjc.

CAP. YIIL

No man Jhall le fheriff, underffieriff, £2?c, above a year.

ITEM, whereas King Edward the Third, for divers ana ffiedal caufes, in his parliament holden at Weftminfter the Wednefday next after Midlent, the fourteenth year of his reign, or that feveralfhertffr in divers eounties in England then beings bad their offices, feme for a term of years of the Ktna'r grant, and ome truJHng of longer continuance in their offices, by procurement, lie. were greatly encouraged, and did take upon them to do many and divers oppreffms to the King's liege people, unduly, and evil, and falfly to ferve the King and bispcopte did ordain and fa-blifh. That no fheriff should tarry and abide in bis office above a year, and that then another meet and jufficient man fbould be affigned in his place by the chancellor and treasurer of England, and the chief baron of the exchequer, and other evry year in the morrow of All-Souls, as it appeareth in the faid Jlatute ; (2) and after the jaid Jlatute fo made, by another Jlatute made at Weftminfter, in the parliament of the faid King, holden the firf day of May, the forty fecond year of his reign, he ordained and made. That no /he-riff, or under-Jberiff, nor Jherijps clerk, should tarry and abide in his office over one year, at it is ordained by other ftatutes before this time, as it appeareth more plainly by the faid Jlatute

ITEM come le Roi E« le tifee, pur diverfe* k not-ablez caufez en Ton parlemenf tenuz a Weftm* le mefleerdy

Ijrofchein apres ledi.’ quarefme an d£ Ton reigne xiije pur caul# que diverfez viTcountz en di-verTez counteez dEngleterre adonques efteauntz avoient lour officez, afcuns pur terme dans de graunte du Roi, k aicune coniiantz en pluis longe continuance en lour officez, per procurement &c. Turent graun-dement efbaudez, 5c prifte-ront Tur eux, de faire plu-fours k diverfez oppremons a le liege poeple du Roy meyna duement 5c malement 5c Tanxe-ment Tervoient le Roi 5i (bn poeple; ordeigna 5c fift, que nulie vifcount demureroit n# expefleroh en Ton office oufee un an 5c que adonqes un autre covenable 5c fufficient homme ferroit ordeine en (bn lieu per le chaunceller 5c treTorer dEngleterre k le chief baron del ef> chequer 5c autres cheTcune an en lendemayn dez toutz al-mez; (kome il appiert en le dit eftatut: 5c apres cell eftatut iflint fait, per un autre eftatut fait a Weftm’ en le partement du dit. Roi tenuz le prim’ jour May lan de Ton reigne xlij ordeigna 5c fift, que null vif-count TouthvHcount, ne clerk de vifcount, demureroit on

cx-

Digitized by t^ooQle

.1444-1	Afttwricefitno ttrtio HSNHici VI.	267

cakpoteroit en fen office oufttt uaxnan; ficomt eft ordeigne per antres eftatutz ftritz devaunt celle temps *> ftcome il phiis pfeinemeni appiert per k dit e-ftatut dd sly an. Et ouftr* ceo per un autTeeftatut fait a Wcftm’ ea kxY de feint Micheli lan ehi reig^ie du Roy Richard le Seconds primer fiiift ordeigne et iait, que nulle hctuttn e que avoit -eftee rifcount dafcun coco tee pur un entier an ne femrit eflieu autrefcitz, ne mys en -la dit office, deinz. tnu9 ana adon-ques profeheimt enfusmtz; fr-noun que ne ibit afcun autre fuffifeant deinz le dit cotmtee; licotnc il pluit pieinement appiert per le dit eftatat du Roi Richard: & come en diverfez eounteez dEngleterre apres h fefauncc dez dkz eftatutz phi*-dbura diverfez vifcountes ount eftez fiutz, & ount ©ccupiez deinz lex ditz counteez, at-cuns x. ana, k afcuns xij. ana, & pluisj a le graund damage du Roi qoreft, fez progeni-tours, 6c lour poeple deinz lez ditz counteez, contrarie a lez ditz eftatutz, & tout autre bon rule, 6c veraie femblablement en temps avenir deftre importable damage, overt difheri-taunce, k fupportation domi-cidie & perjurre, k graund op-preflion as plufours du liege poeple du Roi confiderez lez graundez confanguinite alli-aunce le* famulers des vifcountes, fibien de ceux qe ount eftee devaunt ceft temps, come de ceux que ore fount en les ditz countecs : noftre dit feig-nur le Roi, confiderant les pre-mifles, ad ordeigne per lau&o-jrite fuifdit, que les eftatutz devaunt recitez & chefcun de eux foient duement obfervez en chefcune countee dEngleterre,

fiatute of At Jam ferty-fitond year. (3) And moreevery by am- t r^h, tber fiatute made at Weftmin-fter, the fifteenth of St. Michael,

At first year <f the reign of King Richard tie Second, it urns ordained and made, That no man which hath been Jberijf of any county by one whole year y jbott be another time chofen nor put in the faid office within thru yean next enfiemgy except that A ere be not other fuffiaent within the (aid tetany, as itappeareA more plainly by thefindjlatute cfKing&ich-ard< (4) And whereas in divers counties in England, after the making of the faid fiatutes, many and fevered Jbenffs have been made, and have occupied within the faid counties, feme, ten years, and feme twelve yearly and more y to the great damage of the King that now isy his progenitors y and their people within the faid counties y contrary to the find fiatutes, and all other good rule, and very Eke in time to conu to be to their importable damage, and open dif-herifim, upholding of manfladgb-ter, perjury, and great opprejfion to many of the Kings Eege people, corf dering the great confangumity alliance y and familiars of the Jhe-rijfy as well of them as have been before this timey as of them which now be in the faid counties; (5) A confirma-our faid lord the King, conft- t»on of the ' dering the premises, hath or-	afore‘

dained, by the authority afore- m„* faid. That the ftatutes before foeriff above recited, and every of them (hall one year, Scc. be duly obferved in every coun- 18 £<*.3.0.7. ty of England.	(The under-

fneriffs, and all other officers within the city of Londony which now be, or (hall be, at all times excepted; and fuch counties only except, in which divers of the King's liege people be inheritable to the office

of

Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo tertio Henrici VI. £1444*'

The penalty for occupying the fheriff-wick above one year. Altered by xa£d.4C.i»

All patent* made to any to be (heriff a-above a year, fhali be void.

t>f fheriffs at this day, and alfo fuch perfons as have eftate of freehold in the office of fheriffs at this day, and except the letters patents made to them of the office of fheriffs, and their under-fheriffs and clerks.) (6) And if any fheriff, or under-fheriff, or fheriff’s clerk, occupy the office of fheriff, un-der-fheriff, or fherifFs clerk, contrary to any of the ftatutes afore recited, or againft the effect or intent of any of them (except before excepted) that then he which doth fo occupy, (hall forfeit the fum of CC li. yearly, as long as he occupieth contrary to the effect of the laid ftatutes; (7) and that every

}>ardon hereafter to be made or fuch offence or occupation, or forfeiture of fums before recited, fhall be void, and not available, and all patents made, or to be made, of any the faid offices for term of years, for term of life, or in fee-fim-ple, or in fee-tail, to any of the King’s liege people (except before excepted) fhall be void and of no value, by the fame authority, any claule or word of Non cbftante>m any wife put or to be put in fuch patents to be made notwithftanding. (8) And moreover, whofoever will take upon him or them, to have or occupy the faid office of fheriff, by virtue* of fuch grants or patents now to be made for term of years, for term of life, fee-fimple, or fee-tail, fhall Hand for ever and at all times difabled to be or bear the office of fheriff within any county in England by the fame authority. (9) And that every liege man which will fue for the faid fum forfeit, againft him or them which in fuch manner doth

les fouthvifeounts & touts lee outres officers deinz la dtee de Loundres que ore fount on ferrount tout temps excepts, & autielx countees tantfoulement exceptz, en queux divers de lc liege poeple du Roi en loffice dqvifcount a ceft jour fount en-heritez, & auxint tielx perfo-nes que cunt eftate de frank tenement en loffice de vifeount mcfme ceft jour & lettres patents a eux feitz del office de vifeount & lour fouthvifeounts & clerks exceptz. Et fi afeun vifeount ou clerk de vifeount occupia office de vifeount, fouthvifeount, ou clerk de vifeount, contrarie a afeuns de les eftatutz avaunt recitez, ou en*-countre leffe& ou entent daf-cun de eux exceptz devaunt exceptz; que adonques ceftuy que iffint occupia, forfaira la fortune de CC li. annuelement, auxi longement come il occupia contrarie al effect dez ditz eftatutz. Et que chefeune pardon en temps avenir deftre fait pur tiel offenfe, occupation, ou forfeiture dez fommez a-vaunt receitez, ferroit voidez & nient availablez ; & toutz pa-tentz, feit & affairs, de afeun de les ditz offices pyr terme dans terme de vie, en fee Ample, ou fee taille, a afeun de lez liegez du Roi, exceptz devant exceptz, foient voidez & de null value per mefme laulto-rite, afeun claufe ou parole de non obftante en afeun mys ou a mettre en tielx patentz deftre feit nient obftauntz. Et ouftre ceo qyiconque prefume fur luy ou fur eux, daccepter ou occupier la dit office de vifeount per vertue dautielx grauntei ou patentz ore affairez pur terme dans, a terme de vie,f fee Ample, ou fee taille, de-ftoier

Digitized by LjOOQle

*444*1 Anno viccfimo tcrtio Henrici VI.	269

ttoier difable perpetuelment doth forfeit or (hall forfeit, (hall

ic tout temps, deftre ou porter be received aud admitted to ^C°t^bc

loffice de vifcounnt deinz af- fue an action of debt in his 0f*hc"

cun countee en Engleterre per own name, our lord the King forfeiture.

mefme lau&orite ;	& que to have the one half of all that

chefcune liege homme que (hall happen by the fame action

voet fuer pur la dit fomme for- to be recovered by fuch fuit,

fait envers celluy ou ceux que and he or they that fo purfue

en tiel manere forface ou forfa- to have the otner half.

cent ferrarefceu & admys de fuer

action de dette en fon propre noun, le Roy davoir lune moite de tout ceo que aveignera per icelle a6tion deftre recoverez per *9 h.6.c.*« tiel fuite, & celluy ou ceux qui iflint purfuera ou purfueront da- 6 H.8.c.iS« ver lautre moite.	,

CAP. IX.

The Chancellor 0/England may grant commijjtons of fewers during fifteen years.

ITEM, whereas in the parliament holden at TVeJlmirfler at £xxdit.Raft.

the xv of St. Michael^ the fixth year of the reign of the King that now is, for the great damages and lofles that happen by the great rifing of water in divers parts of this realm, and that many greater lofles were like to have come, if remedy had not been baftily provided, wherefore by authority of the faid parliament it was ordained and granted, by ten years then nextenfuing,

Thatfeveral commiflions of fewers mould be made to divers per-

fons by the King's chancellor of England forthetime being, named CommifCocis

in all parts of this realm where need is, after the form follow- of fewer*.

ing in the fame ftatutes, by reafon whereof the laid mifchiefs .

were greatly reformed and amended. And whereas now of late

in divers parts of this realm, by great rifing of water, many towns

and lands to a great quantity be drowned and deftroyed, to the

great hindrance of this realm, and great prejudices, damages and

mifchiefs, be very likely to fell, if remedy be not baftily for the

fame provided: the King considering the premifies, and how

the ten years be paired, hath ordained by authority aforefaid.

That during the term of xv years next enfumg, the chancellor of England for the time being lhall have power to make commif-fions of fewers out of the King’s chancery, under the King’s great feal, in fuch form as it was granted to be made by the ftatute made the faid fixth year.

CAP. X.

No Jheriff Jhall let to ferm bis county or any bailiwick.	The

fheriffs and bailiffs fees and duties in feveral cafes.

ITEM, le Roi confiderant lez graundez peijure extortion et oppreflion, queux fount et * ount eftecz en cell roialme

ITEM, The King, confider- 4 H- 4# c#

ing the great perjury, ex- Hob. 13.

tortion, and oppreflion which Cro.El.n,i*,

be and have been in this realm 66»,7** l9l*

by >99> *;«•

Digitized by

Google



2JO

No tariff tall let to ferra bk county, or any bailiwick, hundred, or wapentake.

None of the tariff's oii-cers fhall be returned upon inquefb.

Anno vicefimo tertio Hemrjci VI. [14441

91 H. 7. f. ll, Dyer,

Latch. 54.

5 Mod. 1*5.

* Ed. 1. c. 16.

Tbe tariff and his bailiffs fees for arrefts and attachments. Raft. 337. Co. pi. 36 e. The ffifritts and officers

by his (heriffs, uodcr-fheri£*» and their clerks, coroners, ftewards of fmachUes, bailiffs, and keepers of prifeas, and other officers in divers foun-ties of this realm, hath ordained by authority aforelaid, in efehewing of all fuch extortion, perjury, and oppreffion, that no (heriff (hall let to ferm, in any manner, his county, nor any of his balhwkksyhundreds, nor wapentakes; (2) nor that the faid (heriffs, under-fheriffs, bailiffs of franchifes, nor any other bailiff, (hall return, upon any writ or precept to them direfted to be returned any in-quefts in any panel thereupon to be made, any bailiffs, officers, or fervwts to any erf1the officers afcne&kl, in any panel by them to to be made; (3) nor that any of the (aid officers and miiufters, by occasion, or under colour of their office, (hall take any other thing by them, nor by any other perfon to their ufe, pront, or avail, of any perfon by them, or any of them, to be arrefted or attached, nor of none other for them, for the omitting of any arreft or attachment to be made by their body, or of any perfon by them or any of them, by force or colour of their office, arrefted or attached, for fine, fee, fuit of prifon, mamprife, letting to bail, or (hewing any eafe or favour to any iuch perfon fo arrefted, or to be arrefted, for their reward or profit, but fuch as follow; that is to fay, for the (heriff xx d, the bailiff which maketh the arreft or attachment, four pence, and the gaoler, if the prisoner be committed to his ward, four pence; (4) And that the (heriff, pnder-flieriff, (herifPs clerk, fteward

roialme per fez vkowas,. fatfhvifeountz, et Lour clerks* coroners, fenefchallx dee firaon-chifez, baillifs et gardeinas dew prisons, et autres officers en di-yerfez couatcez diced rotalroe* ad oidcsgne per lau&orite £uif-diu ca efchuyng dez touts time extortions, pcijurie, et op-i

Eeffian, que nulle vdoount 3e a ferme cn afeun maoere fou counte, ne afeun de baillifwiks, hundredez, ne wa-pentakez, ne que lez ditz rif? counts, fouthvifeountz baillifs dez Jraunchifcz, ne afeun autre baiffif, retourne fur afeun bride ou precept a eux diredt, de retourne aicuns enqueftez ou a£» cuns pandlez fur ceo deftre {ait, afcuns baillifs, officers, ou fenrauntz a afeun de lew officers fidfdkz, en afeun poodle per eux iffint affaire, wo qqe xuiU de lez ditz officers et miniftrez, per occafion, ou fouth colour, de lour office, pragne afeun autre chofe per eux ne per afeun autre perfone a lour oeps ou avadle dafeun perfone per eux ou aicuns de eux deftre arreftuz ou attaches, ne de nulle autre pur eux, pur le lefler dafeun arreft ou at-tachement deftre fait per lour corps, ou de afeun perfone per eux ou afeun de eux per force ou cdour de lour office areftuz ou attaches, pur fyn, fee, fewet de prifon* maynpris, leffance a bailie, ou monftrauoce afeun eafe ou favour a afeun tiel perfone iffint arreftuz ou arreftier, pur lour regard ou profit, <i noun tiel come enfuift, feilicet pur le vifeount xx cL le bailUf qe race larreft ou lattachement iiijd. & le gaoler, fi le prisoner fok comm is a fa garde, iiij d, Et qe le vifeount, fouthvif-count, clerk dc vifeount, fenef-chall

Digitized by Google

crhall ou baillif dc fraunchife, ftcward or bailiff of franchife, feet for tbe

fervant of bailiff or coroner, c^j a

not take any thing by	%S.

Cervaunt ou baillif, ne coroner, preigne per colour de fon’ office, per luy ne {per afeun autre perfone a Ion ufe, dafeun per-lone pur la faifure dafeun re-toume ou panelle afeun chofc, ct pur la copie dun panel! iiij d. ct que lez dit viicountz, et toutz autres officers & miniftrez avauntditz, lefferount hors du itrifon toutz maners dez per-Jonez per eux ou afeun de eux arreftiere ou efteant en lour garde per force dafeun briefe, bide, ou garraunt en aicun action perloned, ou per caufe denditement de trefpas, fur re-fbnahle fuerte dez fumceantz perfonez eiantz fufficeaunte oeinz lez counteez lou tielx; perfonez fount iffint leflez a bailie ou raaynpris. de garder lour jours en tielx lieux come lez ditz briefs biQez ou gar-rauntz requirent; tiel perfone ou perfonez qui fount ou fer-tount en lour garde per condemnation, execution, Capias Udagatum, ou Excommumca-tum fuerte de peas, et toutz tielx perfonez qui fount com-tnys a gard per eipedal com-maundement dafeun juftice, et vagerauntz refufauntz de . fervir folonque la fourme del eftatut dez laborers, tauntfbule-ment exceptz. Et qe nulle vifeount, ne nulle dez officers ou miniftrez fuifditz, preigne ou face de prendre ou faire afeun obligation pur afeun caufe fuifditz, ou colour de lour office, finoun tauntfoulement a lour mefmez, dafeun perfone, ne pur aicun perfone, qui lbit en lour garde per le cours de la leye, forfque fur le noun de lour office, et fur condition que la dit prisoner ap-pierge a le jour conteignuz en

et

6

fball —u	v	3 j________

colour of his office, by him nor cn>. El. 76. by any other perfon to his ufe, 3 beon. *o$* of any perfon for the making of any return or panel, and for the copy of any panel, but ivd.

(5) And that the faid (heriffs. What per(bn« and all other officers and mi-nifters aforefaid, (had let out of Latch.t3. t4> prifon ad manner of perfons PJowd. 60. by them or any of them ar- Thc refted, or beingin theircuftody, gSJbSLS* by force of any writ, bill, or warrant in any a&ion perfonal, or by caufe of indi&ment of trefpafs, upon reafonable fure-ties of fufficient perfons, having fufficient within the counties where fuch perfons be fo let to bail or mainprife, to keep their days in fuch place as the faid writs, bids, or warrants lhall require. (6) Such per- Carthew, 300. fon or perfons which be or 1 Mod. **7. (hall be in their ward by condemnation, execution, Capias Utlagat' or Excommumcatum, furety of the peace, and all fuch perfons which be or (hall be committed to ward by fpecial commandment of any juftice, and vagabonds refufing to ferve * Mod. 177-according to the form of the ftatote (/labourers ordy excepi. J (7) And that no fhenff, nor t6z. any of the officers or minifters *Anderf. m. aforefaid, (had take or caufe to % Lcon» 7*# be taken, or make, any obliga-tion for any caufe aforelaid, or Hob. 13. by colour of their office, but 10 Co. 10*. only to themfelves, of any per- I)ycr> fon, nor by any perlbn which (hall be in their ward by the ,Q Co.5^. courfe of the law, but by the Cro. Jac. »I6. name of their office, and up- Cr0-Car• on condition written, that the g (aid prisoners (hall appear at Hob.*73* the day contained in the faid writ, bid or warrant, and in

fuchr

Digitized by

Google

*7*

Anno vicefimo tcrtio Henrici VI. [1444;

The (tariff'* fee for an obligation, warrant* or precept.

The (tariff (ballmake deputies in the bag's court.

Tta forfeitures of the offenders, and who ihaH have them.

fuch places as the faid writs, bills, or warrants (hall require. (8) And if any of the faid (he-riffs, or other officers or mi-nifters aforefaid, take any obligation in other form by colour of their offices, that it (hall be void j (9) and that he (hall take no more for the making of any fuch obligation, warrant, or precept by them to be made, but four pence, (io) And alfo that every of the faid (heriffs (hall make yearly a deputy in the King’s courts of his chancery, the King’s bench, the common place, and in the exchequer, of record, before that they (hall return any writs, to receive all manner of writs and warrants to be delivered to them : (u) And that all (heriffs, under-lheriffs, clerks, bailiffs, gaolers, coroners, ftew-ards, bailiffs of franchifes, or any other officers or minifters, which do contrary to this ordinance in any point of the fame, (hall lofe to the party in this behalf indamaged or grieved, his treble damages, (ia) and (hall forfeit the fum of xl. li. at every time that they or any of them do the contrary thereof in ar

le dit briefe bflle ou garraunt et en tielx lieux come le dit briefe bille ou garrant requiert* Et fi afeuns de lez ditz vif-countz ou autres officers ou miniftrez fuifditz preigne afeun obligation en autre fourmfc per colour de lour officez, qil foit voide. Et qil ne preigne pfuia

I)ur la fefaunce dafeun del ob-igation, garraunt, ou precept, per eux deftre fait, forfque xiij. d. Et auxint que chefcune de lez ditz vifeountz face an-nuelment un depute en lez courtz du Roi <Je fa chaunce-rie, bank du Roy, commune bank, et lefchequer, de recorde, devaunt ceo qils retoumerit afeuns briefs, de refeeiver touts maners dez briefs et garrantz. a eux deftre deliverez. Et qc toutz lez vifeountz, fbuthvit-countz, clerks, baillifs, gaolers, coroners, fenefchallx, baillifs dez fraunchifez, ou afeuns autres officers ou miniftrez, queux fount le contrarie diceft ordeignaunce, ou dafeun point dicelle, perde a la partie en ycelle endamage ou greve fez treblez damages et forface la fomme de xl. li. a chefcune temps que eux ou afeun de eux any point of the fame; fount le contrarie dicelle en af-whereof the King (hall have the . cun point dicelle, dount le Roi

What juftices may inquire of hear and determine the oft'encesafore-(aid. .

The fheriff re turning Ccpi

one half, to be employed to the ufe of his houfe, and in no other wife, and the party that will fue, the other half, (ia) And that the juftices of affiles in their Tcffions, juftices of the one bench and of the other, and juftices of peace in their county, (hall have power to inquire, hear, and determine of office without fpecial commif-fion, of and upon all them that do contrary to thefe ordinances in any article or point of the dune. (14) And if the faid (heriffs*

davoir lune moite, ceo deftre emploiez a le ufe de fon hof-tiel, et en null autre manere, et lautre moite a celluy qui cea voet fuer. Et que lez juftices dez affifez en lour feffions, juftices del un bank et del autre, et juftices de la peas en lour paiis, eient poair denquerer, oier et terminer, doffice, faunz efpecial compiiffion, de et fur toutz iceux, qui ferrount le contrarie diceft ordeignaunce en chefcune article ou point di-cellc. Et ft lez ditz vifeountz retoument

Digitized by Google

retoument fur afcun perfonc Cepi Corpus, ou Reddidit fe, qils foient chargeablez davoir le corps dez ditz perfonez a lez jours de la retoume dez ditz briefs, billez, ou gar-raunts,en tiel fourme come its furent devaunt la fefaunce diced a<5te. Purveu toutz foitz, que per ceft prefent ordeig-nraunce le gardeyn de la gaole le Roy de Flete, et de la paleys du Roi a Weftminfter, pur le temps efteant, ne foit endamage ne prejudice en fon duete dc fon office. Et auxint que ceil ordeignaunce commencera cn la fell de Pafque que ferra cn lan de noftre feignur Jefu Crift M1. CCCC xlvj'.

iheriffs return upon any per-fon, Cepi Corpus, or Reddidit fe, that they (hall be chargeable to have the bodies of the faid perfons at the days of the returns of the faid writs, bills, or warrants, in fuch form as they were before the making of this ad.

II. Provided always, That the warden of the King's gaol of the Fleets and of the King’s palace of iVefminfier for the time being, (nail not be endamaged nor prejudiced by this ordinance in the daty of his office. And alfo that this ordinance (hall begin at the feaft of Eajier, which (hall be in the yearof our Lord MCCCC xlvi*

*73

Corpus, oy Red* didit fe.

Dyer, 25.

The warden

of the Fleet and of the palace of Weftminfter exempted.

4 Co 76. Dyer, 119.

CAP. XI.

The order of levying the wages of the knights of the parliament.

ITEM, come devaunt ceft temps diverfez vifeountz en diverfez counteez Dengleterre qount per colour des briefs di-redtz a eux, pur lever lez ga-gez de lez chivalers de lez counteez pur le temps efteantz, de lez parlementz du Roy qo-reft, et de fez noblez progenitors, ount leve pluis de money, que ad efte due as lez ditz chivalers, et pluis qils ount deliverez a eux, gardauntz et preignauntz graunde partie du dit money a lour ufe et profit demefne, ct lour officers et fervauntz, a trefgraunde damage de la commune poeple de lez ditz counteez: le Roi confiderant lez premiffez, ad ordeigne per lau<ftorite fuifdit, qe le vilcounte dc chefcune counte purle temps efteant, en le profehein counte tenuz en lour counteez apres la deliverance de lez ditz briefs fait a Vol. Ill,	eux.

ITEM* tVhereas before this time divers Jberiffs in divers counties of England, by colour of writs to them directed* to levy tne wages of the knights of the finres for the time beings of the parliament of the King that now is, and ofbis noble progenitors, have levied more money than hath been due to the faid knights, and more than they have delivered, keeping and retaining great part of the money to their own ufi and profit, to their qfficers and jeriants, to the great lofs of the common people of the Jiaid counties: (2) The King, confidering the premifles, hath ordained by the authority afore-faid, That the lheriff of every ^ Wyi»g°of county for the time being, m t^c waiefV the next county court hdden the knight* of in their counties, after the de- the (hire for livery of the faid writs directed to them, (hall make open proclamation, that the coroners, and every chief conftable of the T	^	peace

Digitized by

Google

The* penalty ifthe (heriff, or his officers, levy more money than is aflefled.

Anno vicefuno tertio Hemrici VI.	[ 1444.

peace of the faid counties, and eux, face overt proclamation* the bailiffs of every hundred que lez coroners, et chefcune or wapentake of the lame coun- chief conftable de la peas dez ty, and aU other which will be ditz countees, et lez baillifs de at the afleffing of the wages of chefcun hundred ou wapentak the knights of the (hires* (hall de mefme le counte, et toutz au-be at the next county there to trez qui voillent eftre a le affef-be holden to aflefs the faid wa- faunce de lez gagez dez chi-ges of the faid knights; (3) valers de lez counteez, foient a and that the (herifr, under- le profchein countee illoquez a (heriff, coroners, or bailiffs for tenir, daflefler lez gagez de lez the time being, be there at the ditz chivalers; et que le v#-(ame time in their proper per- count, ou fouthvifcount, coro-fon, upon pain of forfeiture to ners, ou baillifs, pur le temps e£* the King, of every of them that teaatz, foicnt illoquez a mefme maketh default, forty (hillings, le temps en lours propres perfo-

(4)	At which time the faid nez, fur la peyn de forfaiture a lheriff or under-(heriff, in the Roi, de chefcune diceux qui prefence of them that (hall face defaute xl. s. a quel temps come to the fame, and of the le vifcoupt ou fouthvifcount, fuitors of the fame counties en prefence diceux qui a celle then being there, in the full temps viendront, et de lez fui-•county well and duly (hall aflefs tours dez ditz counteez adoh-every hundred to that aflefla- qes efteantz la, en le ple)n ble by itfelf, to pay a certain counte bien et duement cej& fum for the wages of the chefcune hundred a ceo aflefla-knights of the (hire, fo that the ble per luy mefme a un certayir whole fum of all the hundreds fomme, de paier pur lez gagez do not exceed the fum which dez ditz chivalers de lez coun-(hall be due to the faid knights, teez, iflint que lentier fomme

(5)	And after that in the fame dez toutz lez hundredez nex-county, they (hall aflefs well cede la fomme que ferra dewe and lawfully every village with- a lez ditz chivalers: et apres in the faia hundreds, which ceo en mefme le counte anefle fhould be there afleflable, to a bien et duement chefcune vil-certain fum for the payment lage deinz lez ditz hundredez a of the faid wages ; fo that the ceo afleflable, a un certayn whole fum of all the towns fomme pur le paiement de lez within any of the faid hundreds, ditz gagez, iffint que lentier do not exceed the fum aflefled fomme dez toutz lez villez upon the hundred of which deinz afeun de lez ditz hun-they be. (6)And that the faid dredez nexcede la fomme aflefle (herifts, under-(heriffe, bailiffs, fur le hundrede de quell eux nor any other officer, for the fount. Et que lez ditz vif-caufe aforefaid, (hall levy more countz, vfouthvifcountz, bail-money of any village than that fife, ne_nu!l autres officers pur whereunto they were aflefled: la caufe fulfdit leva pluis dfe (7) and if any do or will aflefe money de nulte village, que any hundred or village other*- ceo a que ils furent afleflez, et wife than is afbrefaid, that they en manere et fourme come ilfr ihall forfeit for every .default to fount afleflez. Etfi afeuneface

6	-the	ou

Digitized by

Google

1444-1 Annd v!cefimo teftio Hekrici VI.	275

ou voille aflefler afcun hundred the King twenty pounds, and

ou village autrement que eft to any man which will fue in

avauntdit5 qib forfacent pur this cafe* ten pounds.

chefcun defaut a Roy xx. li. et II. And that the faid ftlerlffs Who may

a chefcUhe horiimfe, qtii voet Well arrd duly (hall levy the	°?

filer en Cdtcas x. li. Et que . money fo affcfledupon the afote- by^hat wir.

lez ditz vifcountz bien & due- faid villages, as fpeedily as they

ment Ievetit la Money ifllnt well may after the faid affeffing,

afleflez fur lez ditz villagez* andtfce fame (hall deliver to the

auki haftifment come ils poient faid knights, accortiing to the

tenement apres le dit affeffance, writs thereof to be made, upon

et icelle deliverent as lez ditz the faid penalties 5 (2) and he

chivalcrs, accordant a lez brie- that will fue in this cafe, (hall

fez dc ceo deftre faitz, fur lez be thereunto admitted, and

ditz peynez $ et oclluy qui voet (hall have for his a&fon in this

fuer en ceft cas foit admys a cafe a Scire facias againlt him

ceo, et eit pur fa a&iort en ceft that offendeth contrary to this

cas un fare facias envers Celluy ordinance \ (3) and it the de- The penalty

qui offende encountre ceft or- fendant, duly warned in the on offenders.

deignatmce. Et li le defen- fame, make default, or elfe ap-

dant duement gamiz en ycelle pear, and be in the fame con-

face defaulte, ou autrement ap- vidt, that then the' plaintiffs

pierge et foit en ycelle convidt; (hall recover againft them which

que adonques lez pleintifs re- be fo convidl, tdn pounds to

corerent envers eux qui iffint their own ufe, over the faid

font convidlz x. li. a lour pro- twenty pounds, with their tre-

pre ufe ouftre lez ditz xx. li. ble damages for the cofts of

ove four damages pur lez cof- their fuits.

tagez de lour fuitz a le treble. III. And the juftices of the Who may in-Et que lez juftices de le hank le King’s bdnch, and of the com- <lu*rc Roi juftices de commune bank, mon pleas, juftices of aflifes, SScn<der« * * jtiftices daffifez et gaole deli- and gaol-delivery, and juftices aforcfaid. verer, et juftices de la peas en of peace in their country, fhall lour paiis, eient, poiar den- have power to inquire, hear, querrer, oier et terminer, dez and determine of all the faid de- . toutz lez ditz defeultz, fibien faults as well by inquiry at the per eftquerre a la foite du Roi, King’s fait, as by adion at the come per a&ion a la fuite de fait of the parties 1.(2) and The knights pnrtie. Et qe toutz tielx ex- that all fachexpenees of knights wages be penfez dez chivalers ne foient fhail not be levied of any other levied only in levez dafouns autres viilagez, villages, feigniories, or places, feignouries, ou lieux, forfque but of fuch whereof it hath c Pa *• dez tielx come its ount eftc been levied before this time. dUertent levez devaunt ceft IV. And that in every fuch temps, et que en chefcune tiel writ from henceforth to be briefe defore affaire pur lever made to levy the wages of the lezgagez dez chfoalers foit cell faid knights, this a# (hall be 35 M. s. c. iu aft coMprehenduz.	comprehended in the fame.

T %	CAP.

276	Anno	viccfuno	tertio	Henrici	VI.	[144^

CAP. XII.

Sthe trial Jhall be made when the tenant or defendant, after an iffue joined, pleadetb a foreign pleay where the fame writ is brought, ajid by the jury fo returned. To endure to the next parliament.

Ex edit. Raft. ▼ T E M, The King hath ordained and cftaWifhed by the au-X thority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons tenants or defendants in any action real or perfonal, after that they be pleaded to an iffue in any fuit or adion, and the iffue joinea and entered of record, and a Venire facias of the jury returned, that .	if they or any of them after at another day in court plead any

Foreign plea. foreign pj^ triable in any other court than where the writ is brought or the fuit taken, and the demandants or plaintiffs in fuch foreign pleas plead to the iffue, that fuch iffue in fuch foreign plea (hall be tried where the writ is brought in fuch fuit taken, and by the fame jury fo returned. And that this adt and ordinance (hall begin at the feaft of Eajiery which (hall be in the year of our Lord 1446, and (hall endure till the next parliament.

CAP. XIII/

A feruant in husbandry pwrpoftng to depart from his mafter muft give him half a year’s warning, or elfe he Jhall ferve him the year following. The feveral wages of fervants in husbandry, and of labour ersy with meat and drink, and without.

Servants of T TEM, The King hath ordained by the authority aforefaid, husbandry. X That every fervant of husbandry, purpofmg to depart from his mafter at the end of his term, at the midft of his term or otherwife, make covenant before with another man to ferve him for the next year, if he be in fuch cafe as the law will compel him to ferve, and that the faid fervant and he, which fo (hall make covenant with him at the midft of the faid term or before, (hall give warning to the mafter of the faid fervant of the faid covenant fo newly made, fo that the fame mafter may provide Covenant. another fervant againft the end of his term. And if any covenant with any fuch fervant be otherwife made, or that fuch warning in manner and form aforefaid be not had, that the fame cbyenant (hall be void, and that the fame fervant be compelled to ferve his first mafter for the next year, except that a lawful caufe being of a later time require the contrary. And alfo that afiCS# the falaries and wages of fervants, labourers and artificers, (hall not exceed the affeffing, that followeth, that is to fay, the wages *	of a bailiff of husbandry by year xxiii. s. iiiid. and clothing

price of five (hillings with meat and drink, of a chief hind, a carter or chief (hepherd xx. s- and clothing price of iiii. s. with meat and drink, a common fervant of husbandry xv. s. and clothing price xl. d. a woman fervant ten (hillings, and cloth-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1444-] Anno vicefimo tertio Henrici VI.

277

ing price of iiii. s. with meat and drink, an infant within the age of fourteen years vi. s. and clothing price of iii. s. with meat and drink. The fame form (hall be obferved of wages of fer-yants being with hoftlers, vidtualers, and artificers in city, borough and elfewhere. And that fuch as deferve lefs (hall take lefs. And alfo in places where lefs is ufed to be given, lefs (hall be given from henceforth. And that from the feaft of Eafter.y till the feaft of Saint AftchaeU the wages of any free ma-fon or matter carpenter (hall not exceed iiii. d. by the day, with meat and drink, and without meat and drink v. d. ob. a matter tiler or a (later, a rough mafon and mefne carpenter and other, artificers concerning building, by the day three pence with meat and drink, and without meat and drink iiii. d. ob. and every other labourer by the day ii. d. with meat and drink, and without meat and drink iiii. d, ob. And that from the feaft of Saint Michael till the feaft of Eajler, a free mafon and a matter carpenter by the day iii. d. with meat and drink, and without meat and drink, iiii. a, ob. tiler, mefne carpenter, rough mafon, and other artificers aforefaid by the day ii. d. ob. with meat and drink, and without meat and drink iiii. d. And every other ar- Harveft, tificcr and labourer by the day i. d. ob. with meat and drink, and without meat and drink iii. d. and he that deferveth lefs (hall take lefs. Provided that the faid aflefling (hall not extend to labourers in the time of harveft, in which time the wages of a mower (hall not exceed iiii. d. by the day with meat and drink,

, and without meat and drink vi. d. a reaper or carter iii. d. by the day with meat and drink, and without meat and drink, v.d. a woman labourer and other labourers in time of harveft ii. d. by the day with meat and drink, and without meat an d drink iiii.d, ob. and fuch as be worthy of lefs (hall take lefs. And in places where lefs is ufed to be taken, lefs (hall be taken from henceforth. And that no artificer workman nor labourer (hall take any thing for the holy day nor for tHe ferial day, but after the rate of the time of the day in which he laboured. And if any perfon refufe to ferve or labour according to the premiffes, that juftices of every juftice of peace in their counties (haj) have power at every peace, time to call them to examination of the fame and fuch as they (hall find defective, to commit tQ the gaol, there to remain till they have found fufficient furety to ferve and labour in form by thejlaw required. And if any fervant, artificer, workman, or ’ labourer, do contrary to the premiffes, or deny his fervice, occupation or labour by reafon of not giving of falary or wages, contrary to thefe ftatutes, that he (hall lofe to the party that will fue in his behalf xx. s. And that the faid juftices of peace (hall have power to hear and determine all manner of offences done contrary to the form of this ftatute as well at the King’s fuit as at the parties, and that eveiy of the King's liege people may have the fuit againft every pa?(on that (hall offend in any point againft this ftatute, and the procefs (hall be by attachment,

Capiasy and Exigent. Alfo that the juftices of peace (hall affefs l*o $ne upon any which (hall be convidt before them of a thing

T3

Digitized by * L.OO

27$	Anno vicefimo tertio Henrici VI. [1444;

done contrary to any ftatute of labourers or artificers, or for this caufe put him in the good grace of our fovereign lord the King under in. s. iiii. d. And alfo that the juftices of peace through the realm two times every year (hall do openly to he proclaimed in their fcffions all the ftatutes of labourers, artificers, hoftlers, vitftualers, fervants, and vagabonds before this time made and not revoked with this ftatute. Alfo that by colour of the tenor of lefs lands than the husbandry of the fame (hall fuffice to the continual occupation of one man, no man (hall be excufed to to ferve by the year, upon the pain to bejuftified as a vagabond. Alfo that juftices of peace (hall have power to take all fervants retained with any perfon by colour of husbandry, and not duly occupied about the fame which fervants ought by the law to be fervants of husbandry, and to compel them to ferve in the occupation of husbandry to fuch as (hall require their fervice, and to juftify them in every point as the fame juftices have power to juftify vagabonds. And that this ftatute (hall begin to be ef Repealed by force and executory in the feaft of Saint Michael which (hall be 5 Elia. c. 4. in the year of our Lord one thoufand four hundred and forty fix, and in no wife before.

t	CAP.	XIV.

The penalty if auibje&'s cator, or other do take any thing again# tbe owners will.

The forfeiture of officers who will not aflift the op-prefled in this cafe.

The penalty of a fubje&'s taker, taking any thing without the owners confent.

ITEM, The King hath ordained and ftabli(hed by the authority aforefaid, that if any buyer or other officer of the duke of Gloucefter, or of any other lord or perfon, of what eftate, degree or condition that he be, prefume upon him to take, or elfe do take any victuals, corn, hay, carriages, or any other thing whatfoever, of any of the King*s liege people in any wife again# their will, without lawful bargain betwixt the (aid buyers or officers, and the faid liege people thereof to be made, to the ufe of the faid duke or other lord for their houfes, but only for the King and the Queen, and their houfes, that then if notice or re-queft be made to the mayor, fheriff, bailiff, conftable, officers, or other of the King’s minifters of Cities and boroughs, or other counties or places where fuch takings (hall happen to be, that then the faid mayor, (heriff, conftable, officer and minifter, to whom fuch notice and requeft (hall be made, prefently (hall take and arreft all fuch buyers and officers fo doing or offending, and them (hall fend to the King’s next prifon, there to remain, and not to be let to bail nor mainprife, until they have redelivered the fame vidluals, carriages, and other things fo taken, or the very value of the fame. (2) And if the faid mayor, fheriffs, bailiffs, conftables and officers aforefaid, do contrary to this, that then they (hall forfeit twenty pounds,whereof the King (hall have the one half, and the party from whom fuch things be taken, the other half, if he will fue by an a£tion of debt, in the which the defendant (hall not wage his law ; (3) And if he will not fue, whofoever will fue for the King an$ himfelf, (hall have the fuit to recover to himfeff the one half thereof, and the King the other half. (4) And if any of the faid buyers, other than

Google $

Digitized by *

* 79

1444-1' Anno vicdimo tertio Henrici VI. .

of the King and the Queen be duly convidt of fuch unlawful taking (as afore Is recited) at the fuit of fuch parties as (hall fue them in this behalf, that then they (hall yield to the party which fo fueth, the treble value of the victuals, or other thing fo taken, and the double cods of their fuits, and for the faid trefpafs tp make fine and ranfom to the King. (5) And that in all fuch adtions or fuits aforefaid, the King’s prote&ion (hall not he allowed nor available for the defendant. (6) And this ordinance (hall begin to take effedf at the feaft of Eajler, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand four hundred and forty fix. (7) Provided always, that by this adt the puniftunent ordained againft the King’s purveyors in no wife lhall be re- 3^Ed- 3* c. 6# drained.	7	R-	2‘	c’

CAP. XV.

Who JhaU be knights for the parliament. The manner of their election. The remedy where one is chofen and another returned.

ITEM come per audiorite dun parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan du rcigne de Ie trefhonorable pier du Roi qo-reft primer, entre autrcs cho-fez ordeigne fuift, que lez cite-zeins et burgeifez dez citeez et burghs venauntz au parlement ferroient eflieux hominez cite-zeins et burgeifez refceauntz demurrauntz et enfraunchifez en mefmez lez citeez et burghs, Ct null autres; come en mefme leftatut pluis pleynement eft conteignuz: lez queux cite-zeins burgeifez et nulle autres ount tout temps en citeez et burghs eftez eflieux, et as vif-countz dez countcez retournez, ctfur lour retournez refceux et acceptez per lez parlementz devaunt cez hoeure? tenuz; et auxint come per audiorite dun parlement tenuz a Weftm’ lan du reigne le Roi qoreft oeptif-me, ordeigne fuift, en queU manere et fourme lez chivalers dez counteez a venir as parlementz enapres teniers ferrount eflieux, et comment lez vif-countz dez mefme lez countez fitf CCQ ferroient lour retournez,

come

1 H. 5. c. 1 18 G. 2. c. 18.

4 Inft. 10.

ITEM, IVhereas by authority of a parliament holden at Weftminfter the firjl year of the reign of King Henry, father to the King that now is, dmongjl other things it was ordained, That the citizens and burgefj'es of cities and boroughs, coming to the par-liament, should be chofen men citizens and burgejfes refident, abiding, and free in the fame cities and boroughs, and nont other, as in the fame Jlatute more fully is contained; (2) which citizens and 7 jj. 4. c. 15. burgejfes have always in cities and boroughs been chofen by citizens and burgejfes, and no other, and to the Jheriffcf the counties returned, and upon their returns received and accepted by the parliaments before this holden. (3) And elfo, 8 H. 6. c. 7. whereas by authority of a parlia-ment holden at Weftminfter, the eighth year of the reign of the King that now is, it was ordained in what manner and form the knights of the Jhires coming to the parlia-ments from thenceforth to be hoi-den should be chofen, and how the JberiJfs of the fame counties there-upon should make their returns, as in the fameJlatute more fully ap-T 4	pearetb \

Digitized by (^.ooQle

28a	Anno	vicefimo tertio Henrici VI. /[I444.'

The feveral peareth; (4) bv force4 of which come en mefme leftatut pluis ^eHffsSirfrc ftaivt€ e^ons of knights to come pleynement appiert: per force turning of	to tt7e parliaments fometimes have	de quele eftatut elections des

knights, &c.	been duly made, and lawfully re-	chivalers a venir a pariement

to ferve in	turned, until now of Hate, that	afeun foitz ount eftez duement

parliament,	divers Sheriffs of the counties of the	faitz et loialment retoumez,

realm of England, for their fin-	tanqe a ore tarde, que diverfez

guhr avail and lucre,, have not	vifeountz dez counteez du

made due dediions of the knights,	roialme dEngleterre pur lour

nor in convenient time, nor good	finguler availle et lucre ne ount

men and true returned, and Jome~	faitz due ele&ions dez chiva-

time no return of the knights, ci-	lers, ne en temps covenaMe,

tizens, and burgefts lawfully cbo-	ne bons et verroiez retoumez,

fen to come to the parliaments \	et afeun foitz null retoumez

(5) but fuck knights, citizens,	dez chivalers citizeins et bur-

and burgejfes have been returnedgeifez loialment efluz pur ve-. wkiib were never duly choftn, and nir as parlementz; mez ount other citizens and burgejfes than retournez tielx chivalers citi-thofe which by the mayors and zeins et burgeifez, que ne fu-bailiffs were to thefaid Sheriffs rent unquez duement eflieux, returned\ (6) and Jometimcs the et autres citezeins et burgei-Jheriffs have not returned the fez, que ceux que per mairs et writs which they bad to make baillifs as ditz vifeountz furent election of knights to come to the retoumez : Et afeun foitz lez parliaments, but the[aidwrits have vifeountz neount retoume les imbezzeledj and moreover made briefs qils avoient pur faire no precept to the mayor and bailiff, ele&ions dez chivalers a venir or to the bailiffs or bailiff where as parlementz, einz lez ditz no major is, of cities and boroughs, briefs ount embefillez, et ouftre for the election of citizens and nulle precept as mair et bail-burgejfes, ho come to the parlia- lifs, ou as baillifs ou baillif ou ment, by the colour of thefe words mair neft, dez citees et burghs contained in the fame writs; pur elections dez citezeins et [Quod in pleno comitatu tuo burgeifez de venir as parle-eligi facias pro comitatu tuo mentz firent, per colour de duos milites, et pro qualibet ceftz parolx contenuz en lez civitate in comitatu tuo duos ditz briefs, quod in pleno comi-cives, et pro quolibet burgo in tatutuoeligi facias pro comitatu comitatu tuo duos burgenfes;] tuo duos milites et pro qualibet (7) and alfo becaufe[efficient pe- civitate in comitatu tub duos nalty andconvenient remedy for the cives et pro quolibet burgo in party in fuch cafe grieved is not comitatu tuo duos burgenfes: et ordained-in the[aidStatutes againfl auxint pur ceo que (ufficeant the Sheriff, mayors, and bailiffs, peyne et eovenable remediepur which do contrary to the form of la partie en tiel cas greve ne The llatutes the faidJlatufes: (8) The King fount pas ordeignez en lez ditz efi H. 5.C. 1. confidering the premifles hath eftatutz vers lez vifeountz et 7 H. 4. c. 15. ordained by authority afore- mairs et baillifs qui facent ep-u *Jh-6'c-7- faid, That the faid flatutes countre la fourme dez ditz ef-con rme .	bedulykeptip all points; tatutz: le koi confiderant lez

(9) and moreover that every premiflez, ad ordeigne per auo-lheriff,	torite

Digitized by uooQle

1444-] Anno vlccfimo tertio Henjuci VI.

?8t

torite fuifdit, que lez ditz efta-tutz foient duement gardez et ©bfervez en toutz pointz. Et ouftre ceo, quc chefcune vifcount apresla livere dechcfcunc tie! briefe a Itiy fait, ferra et de-livera fauntz fraude un fuffi-ceant precept defouth fon feal a chefcune mair et baillif, ou as baillifs ou baillif ou mair neft, deinz citeez et burghsjdeinz fon countee, recitant le dit briefe, eux commandant per mefme le precept, deflier, fi foit citee, per citezeins de mefme la citee deux citezeins, et en mefme la four-mc fi foit burg, burgeifez, de veniral parlement. Etquemef-mez lez mair et baillifs, ou baillif ou mair neft, dez citeez et burghs retournent loialment le dit- precept a mefme le vif-count per endenturez entre mefme le vifcount et eux affaire, de lez ditz elections, et dez nouns dez ditz citezeins et burgeifez iflint per eux eflutz. Et lur ceo que chefcune vifcount face bone et droit retourne de chefcune tiel briefe, et de chefcune retourne per mair et baillifs, ou baillif ou mair neft, a luy fait. Et que chefcune vifcount, a chefcune foitz qui il face le contrarie diced eftatut ou dafcun autre eftatut pur election dez chivalers citezeins et burgeifez devcnir al parlement devaunt cez hoeurez fait, en-courge la peyne contenu en le dit eftatut wit le dit an oeptifine. Et ouftre ceo forface et paie a chefcune perfone enapres eflieu chivaler citezein ou burgeis en fon counte de venir a afcun parlement, et nemyejper luy duement retourne, ou a afcun autre perfone que en defaute de tiel chivaler, citezein, ou burgeis, fuer le voet C li. dont jchelcun chivaler, citezein, et burgeis

fheriff, after the delivery of any fuch writ to him made, (hall make and deliver without fraud a fufficient precept under his feal to every mayor and bailiff, or to bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor iff, of the cities and boroughs within his county, reciting the faid writ, commanding them by the fame precept, if it be a city, to choofe by citizens of the fame city, citizens, and in the fame manner and form, if it be a borough, by the burgefles of the fame, to come to the parliament. (io) And that the fame mayor and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, (hall return lawfully the precept to the fame fheriffs, by indentures betwixt the fame fheriffs and them to be made of the faid elections, and of the names of the faid citizens and burgeffes by them fo cho-Jen, and thereupon every fheriff fhall make a good and rightful return of every fuch writ, and of every return by the mayors and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, to him made. (11) And that every (heriff at every time that he doth contrary to this ftatute, or any other ltatutes for the eleltion of knights, citizens, and burgefles to come to the parliament before this time made, (hall incur the pain contained in the faid ftatute made the faid eighth year, and moreover (hall forfeit and pay to every perfon hereafter chofen knight, citizen, or burgefs in his county, to come to any parliament, and not duly returned, or to any other perfon, which in default of fuch knight, Citizen, or burgefs will fue, an hundred pounds, whereof every knight.

The fheriffs fhall fend out precept* to the mayors and bailiffs of cities and boroughs, to elea citizens and burgefles to ferve in parliament.

The penalty on a fheriff making an untrue return of a member of parliament, n H. 4. c. i. Carth. 13s.

1 Shower,

353-

Hob. 78. a Lev. 114.

3 Lev. 30.

1 Lur. 60.

5 Mod. 311. a Vent. 37. Fair. 13. a Salk. 50a. Carth. a3a.

Digitized by

Google

tSz.

The penalty on a mayor or bailliff making an undue return.

4 Mod. 149.

Anno viceftmo tcrdo Henrici VI. [144+^

knight, citizen, and burgeis fo grieved, feverally, or any other perfon which in their default will fue, (hall have his action of debt againft the faid fheriff or his executors or ad-miniftrators, to demand and have the faid hundred pounds, with his cofts fpent in that cafe. (12) And that in fuch action taken by virtue of this ftatute, the defendant (hall not wage his law of the demand a-forefoid in any wife, (13) and that no defendant in fuch action (hall have any effoin. (14) And in the fame manner at every time that any mayor and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, (hall return other than thofe which be chofen by the citizens and burgefles of the cities or bo«* roughs where fuch elections be or (hall be made, (hall incur and forfeit to the King forty pounds; and moreover (hail forfeit and pay to every perfon hereafter cholen citizen or bur-gefs to come to the parliament, and not by the fame mayor and bailiff, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, returned, or to any other perfon which in default of fuch citizen or burgefs fo chofen will fue, forty pounds, whereof e-very of the citizens and bur-geflfes fo grieved feverally, or any other perfon which in their default will fue, (hall have his a&ion of debt againft every of the faid mayor and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailliff where no mayor is, againft their executors or adminiftrators, to demand and have of every the faid mayors and bailiffs, or bailiffs or bailiff where no mayor is, forty pounds, with bis cofts in this cafe expended) (15)an4

burgeis iffint greve feveralment, ou afeun autre perfone qui en lour defaulte fuer voet, eit fa a&ion de dette envers le dit vifeount, ou fez executours ou adminiftratours, a demaunder & aver lez ditz Cli. ove fez coftagez en ceft casdefpenduz. Et que en tiel action pris per vertue diced eftatut le defen-daunt ne gagera fa ley de la de-maunde fuifdit en null manere. Et que nulle defendaunt en tiel adlion avera afeun effoyn. Et en mefine le manere a chefcune foitz que afeune mair & bail-lifts, ou baillifs ou baillif ou mair neft, retournent ou re-tourne autres que ceux qui font efluz per lez citezeins & burgeifez dez citeez & burghs, ou tielx elections font ou fer-ront faitz, encourge & forfaco a Roi xl. li. & enouftre forface & paie a chefcune perfone en apres eflieu citezein ou burgeis a venir al parlement, & nemye per mefmez lez mair & baillifs, ou baillifs ou baillif ou mair neft, retoume, ou autre perfone qui en defaulte de tiel ci-* tezein ou burgeis iffint eflieu fuer voet, xl. li. dont chefcune des citezeins & burgeyfez iffint greve fcveralment, ou afeuo autre perfone qui en lour de-faute fuer voet, ait fo a<ftion de dette envers chefcune des ditz mair & bailliffs, ou baillifs ou baillif ou mair neft, & envers lour executours ou adminiftratours, a demander & aver de chefcune dez ditz mair & baillifs, ou baillifs ou baillif ou mair neft, xl, li. ove fez coftagez en ceft cas expenduz 5 & que en tiel a&ion de dette pris per force diced eftatut null der fendaunt gagera fo ley de la dk demaunde en null manere ne avera afeun effoin.

Et

Digitized by v^oc e

1444- Aririo vicefimo tertio ffeNRjCi VI,'	2$$

Et que chefcune vifeount qui ne face due ele&ion dez dhivalers pur vcpir al parie-ment en temps covenabfe, fci-licet chefcune vifeount en fon pleyn countc pereptre le houre de viije & le hoeuve de xj« de-vaunt le pone, faunz coHufion en ceft partie, & chefcune vifeount qui ne face bon Sc ver-ray retoume dez tidx ele&ions dez chivalers de venir al parle-ment en temps a venir, cpme a eux appartient, en manere & fourme fuifditz, forface envers le Roi C, li. Sc encourge la peyne de C. U. a paier a celluy qui voet fuer envers luy, fez executours ou adminiftratours, pur ceft caufe, per voie dac-tion de dette, ove fez coftagez en celle partie expenduz fans gager de ley de ceue demaunde ou av*r efibin, come devaum eft dit.

Purveu toutz foitz, que chef-cun chivaler, citezein, Sc bur-geis, pur venir a afeun parle-ment ep temps aveigner a te-nir, en due fourme efleu, & noun pas retoume come defuis eft dit, commence la a&ion de dette fuifdit deinz trois mo is apres rpefme le parlement commence, a proceder en la dit (bite effcdhielment, faunz frau-de; & fi iffint ne face, eit un autre qui fuer le voet fc dk action de dette, come devaunt eft dit, de aver At rocoverer mefme la fomme, ove fez cof-tagez en ceft partie diftxenduz, en manere & fourme avaunt-dit; iffint que nuH defendaunt en tiel action gagera fe ley, ne foiteffoin ennuli manere, come defuis eft dit. Et fi afeune chivaler, citezein ou burgeis, en temps aveigpir retoume per le vifeount de venir al parlement en la manere ftufiJit, apres tiel

re-

(15) and that in fueh action of debt, taken by force of this ftatute, no defendant in any wife fhalj wage bis law of the faid demand, nor have any eflbin.

II.	And that every ftieriffAt '"k* that maketh no due de^ionof^^1^ knights to come to the parlia- thclhire fcatt ment in convenient time, that be chorea,

is to fay, every (heriff in his foil county, betwixt the hour of eight and the hour pf eleven before noon, without col-lnfion in this behalf; (2) and that every (heriff that maketh not good and°true return of fuch elections of knights to come to the parliament in time to come, as to them pertain-eth, in manner and form a-forefaid ; (hall forfeit to the King an hundred pounds, and alfo (hall incur the pain of an hundred pounds, to be paid to him that will (ue againft him, his executors or adminiftrators, for this caufe by way of action of debt, with his cofts in this behalf expended, without waging of law of his demand, or having efToin as afore is faid.

III.	Provided always, That Suits to be ovary knight, citizen, and but- commenced gefs to come to any parliament hereafter to be holden, m due the parlia-form chofen and not returned ment begun, as afore is faid, (hall begin his

adtion of cfebt aforefaid within three months after the fame parliament com menced, to proceed in the feme fuit effectually without fraud; (2) aod if he fa do not, another that will foe (halt have the faid adtkrn of debt (as it is before faid) and (hall recover the feme film with his cofts fpent in this: behalf, in manner and form a-* fore-

Digitized by

Google

2«4

The penalty if any chofen to be knight, citizen, or burgefs, be put out* and ano-ther put in his place.

What fort of perfons (hall be chofen knights of the fhires.

Anno viccfimo tertio Henrici VT. [ 1444.-

forefaid, fo that no defendant retoume per afcun perfone (bit

in fuch adtion (hall wage his law, nor be efloined in any wife, as afore is faid. (3) And if any knight, citizen, or burgefs, hereafter returned by the ineriff to come to the parliament in the manner aforefaid, after fuch return, be by any perfon 'put out, and another put in his place, that fuch perfon fo put in the place of him which is out, if he take upon him to be knight, citizen, or burgefs, at any parliament in time to come, |nall forfeit to the King an hundred pounds, and an hundred pounds to the knight, citizen, or burgefs fo returned by the (heriff, and after, as afore is faid, put out. (4) And that the knight, citizen, or burgefs which is fo put out (hall have an adtion of debt of the fame C li. againft fuch perfon put in his place, his executors, or adminiftra-tors; (5) provided always. That he (hall begin his (uit within three months after the parliament commenced ; (6) and if he do not, then he that will fue fhall have an adtion of' debt of the fameCli. againft him which is put in place of him that is fo put out after fuch return, his executors, or adminiftrators, and that no defendant in fuch adtion (hall Wage his law nor be efibined 5 (7) and that fuch procefs (hall be in the actions aforefaid, as in a writ oftrefpafs done againft the peace at the common law; (8) fo that the knights of the (hires for the parliament hereafter to be chofen.

oufte, & un autre mys en fon lieu ; que tiel perfone iffint mys en le lieu ceftuy qui eft oufte, fil accepte fur luy deftre chiva-ler, citezein, ou burgeis a afcun parlement en temps avenir, forface devers le Roy C. li. & C. li. al chivaler, citezein, ou burgeis, iffint retoume per le vifcount, & apres come devaunt eft dit oufte. Et que ceft chivaler, citezein, ou burgeis, qui eft iffint oufte, avera adtion de dette dez mefmez C. li. vers tiel perfone iffint mys en fon lieu, fez executours ou admi-niftratours. Purveu toutz foitz, que il commence fa fuite deinz trois moys apres le parlement commence; & (i il ne face, que cclluy qui voet fuer avera adtion de dette dez mefmez lez C. li. envers ceftuy qui eft mys en le lieu ceftuy qui eft iffint apres tiel retoume oufte, fez executours ou adminiftra-tours. Et que null defen-daunt en tiel adtion gagera fa ley, ne foit efloin, & que autiel proceffe foit en les adtions a-vauntditz, come eft en brief© de trefpas fait encountre la peas de la commune ley. Iffint que lez chivalers dez coun-teez pur le parlement enapres a efliers foient notablez chivalers dez mefmez lez counteez, pur lez queux ils ferront iffint eduz, ou autrement tielz notablez efquiers, gentils hommez del nativitee, dez mefmez lez counteez, come foient ablez deftre chivalers, etnull homme deftre tiel chivaler qui eftoife en la degree de v^diet & de-fouth,

(hall be notable knights of the fame counties for the which they (hall be chofen, or other-wife fuch notable efquires, gentlemen of the fame counties, as (hall be able to be knights; (9} and QQ map tQ

be

1444*1 Anno viccfimo tertio Henrici VI.	285

be fuch knight which ftandeth in the degree of a yeoman, and under.

CAP. XVI.

¥be duty of a gauger, and when be Jhall have bis gauge

fenny.

ITEM le Roi ad ordeigne TTEM, the King hath or-when the & purveu per laudlorite X dained and eftablilhed^ by gauge penny fuifdit, que le denier que eft	"

appelle le gauge peny ne foit paie a le gaueeour, ne a af-cun autre en Ion noune tanqe il ou fon deputee eit gauge lez vinez, & adonques luy de prendre & refceiver fon aenier pur ceo, en gree, faunz pluis en-crece ou avauntage pur ceo claymer. Et auxint qil foit

{>reft, ou fon deputee, de faire office de gaugeour en toutz lieux, quant il a ceo per la par-tie foit requis & ceo deftre obfervez per tout le roi-alme du Roi, fur la peyne comprife en leftatut fait lan xxvij, du Roy Edward le tierce, de gaugier dez vinez rouge & blanc, duement eftre execut.

the authority aforefaid. That “all be“paid the penny, which is called the t0 the gauger* gauge penny, (hall not be paid to the gauger, nor to any other in his name, until he or his deputies have gauged the wines, and then he to take and receive his penny for the fame in gree, without more increafe or advantage to claim for it; (2) and alfo that he or his deputy be ready to do the office of gauger in all places, when he to that by the party (hall be required; (3) and tnat to be obferved through all the realm oi England, upon the pain com-prifed in the ftatute made the (even and twentieth year of the noble King Edward the Third, of the gauging of red wine and white wine, duly to %7 Ed.*, c.t. be executed.	it	H.s.	c.x+<

CAP. XVII.

When and where an efcbeator Jhall take bis inquejt of office, and bis fee.

TEM ordeigne eft per lauc-

1

torite fuifdit, aue chefcune efchetour preigne (ez enqueftez doffice per vertue dez briefez de diem claufit extremum, & toutz autres briefs, deinz le mois apres la deliveraunce dau-tielx briefs,'& auxint que toutz autidx inquifitions foient pri-fez en bonez villez, & lieux overtez: & que nulle de eux preigne, privement ne appiert.

ITEM, it is ordained, by uEcLj.c.«j.

authority aforefaid. That 1 H.s. c l. every efcheator (hall take his Within what inquefts of office by virtue the wnts of Diem claufit extre- cheator (hall mum, and all other writs, with- take his in-in the month after the delivery quells of ot-of fuch writs, (2) and alfo that ficc* all fuch inquilitions (hall be taken in good towns and open places ; (3) and that none of them (hall take privily nor open-

per luy ne per autre, ne per af- hr by him, nor by any perfon, cune mefhe perfone, pur lexe- for the execution of any fuch Cution des afeunes tielx briefs writs in one county, nor by cn ou coimtc, ne per loccafion the occafion thereof, above the

de	fum

ft86	Anno	vkefittio	tcrdo HfeNftlCf. VI* [1444^

An cfchca- ft”*1 df fix (hillings arid right de ceOjbuflte la fomiiie de vis. tor’s fee for pence, or thirteen (hillingsvand viij d. ou xiij s. iiij d. qt* de-°*80 *our	or above, Where fouth lou fon labour & fez co-

officc* his labour and his cofts (hall ft ages ceo demauridererft, if-require it, fo that the fum lint que la fomme qil autiel-which he fo (hall take do not ment prendra nexceda en tout exceed	in the whole the	fum	la fofrime de xl s. pur \tt ex©-

of forty	(hillings, for the	Cxe-	cutions dafeune fid brief eft

cution of any fuch writ in one	uri countee. £t fi aicufte ef-

county i (4) and, if any efehea-	chetour face le cOtitfarie daf-

tor do contrary to any of the	curie de let preiftifle^, tjuo a-»

!)remiffes, that then he (hall	donqueS il fdrface la (bitime de

orfeit the fum of forty pounds,	xl li. Auxiht que fi afcune

Leafes (hall be II. And if any man traverfe homme traverfe afeufi office made to tbofe an office taken before ariy ef- prife devaurit afeurt efehetour dcra*1 traverfe c^eator	or commiffioner,	and	oil commiffioner, & dent eif

to an	office,	thereof	hath a Scire facias a-	afeun Scire facias etivers afeun

36Ed.3-c.13.	gainft any patentee, that in this	patentee, que en dell Cafe null

% H.6.C.16.	cafe no protection (hall be al-	prote&iori foitalibWe lie allow-

18H.6.C.6.	lowed, nor allowable; (2) arid	ble. Et auarit a afeun graunt

as to any grant or Ieafe to be	ou leei a taire a gfeurie perfone

made to any perfon which (hall	qui traveffa a£un tiel office,

traverfe any fuch office, that	que leftatutz tti tiel cas de-

the ftatute in that cafe, before	vaunt cell eftattit hitz fbient

this time made, (hall be duly	duement obfervez; & que le

obferved :	(3) and that the Roi eit la rrioite de la dit for-

King (hall have the half of the faiture de xl li. & que la par-faid forfeiture of forty pounds* tie qui eri cell partie voet fuef and the jparty whicn in this pur le Roi & luy mefmes eit behalf will fue for the King lautre moite dicelle. and himfelf, (hall have the cither half of the fame.

CAP. XVIII.

No new impojitions Jhall be laid upon them which buy wines in Gafcony or Guyen, by the King’s officers in tbofe parts, upon pain of forfeiture of 'twenty pounds, and treble damages.

Ex edit. Raft. TTEM, the King Corifidering how divert complaints have JL been made before this time, by divers of his lieges merchants repairing to the parts of Gafcoine and Guyen, hotv that now of Wines. late they have keen fuffered to buy wines of the growing of the high country in fuch time as they were wont to be iriade : and alfo how theVe be divert neW iriipofitions demanded and levied of his faid lieges merchants repairing to the faid parts, Other-wife than hath been ufed of old time rb be demanded and levied : to the great damage of the fame merchants, and great Ibfs and hindrance of all his faithful liege people, hath ordained by the authority aforefaid, that all his laid merchants, repairing to the faid parts of Gafcony arid Guyen, may freely hereafter buy Gafcony. the wines there of the high country in all fuch times, and nr m

fuch

Digitized by (^.ooQle

•1448-] Anno vkcfimo fepCimo HENftici Vi#	2S7

fuch liberties* as they have ufed to buy them xx or xxx years pad, without any other new impofitron or charge to be put upon them. Ana that if any of the King’s officers in the faid parts, or ariy other perfoti difturb, vex, or grieve, or do to be diiiurbed, vexed, or grieved, any of the faid merchants, or liege . people of our fovereign lord the King, or do to be levied of any of them any new impofitions, contrary to this ordinance: he to forfeit as oftentimes as he offendeth, to the party grieved xx pound over his treble damages to be paid to him, the one half of the fame forfeiture of twenty pounds to be paid to the ufe of ■ our fovereign lord the King, and the other part to the party fo

S’eved, or to him which in his default and negligence will fue 1 our fovereign lord the King in this behalf.

Statutes made at St.Edmundsburyy Anna 25 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1447.

All Jtatutes made againfi Welchmen confirmed. AH grants of markets and fairs to any Welchman /ball be void. Tie King's villains in North Wales fhall be conftraimd to fucb labour as they have done before.

OUR fovereign lord the King, at his parliament holden at St. Ex edit. Raft.

Edmundsbury, in the feaft of St.ScolaJly that is to fay the x. day of February, the xxv. year of his reign, by the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons of his realm in the faid parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame parliament, hath approved, ratified, and affirmed all manner offtatutes made in any parliament again& Welchmen be- Welchmen, fore this time not repealed. And moreover hath ordained by. the authority aforefaid. That all grants of franchifes, markets, fairs, and other liberties to buy or to fell, to bake or to brew, and to fell within the towns of North Walesy made to aily Welchman before this time, (hall be void and of no value. And that all the villains of our fovereign lord the King within North Wales (hall be bound and conftrained to do fuch labours and fer-vices, as they of right have ufed to do of old time, notwith-(landing any grant made to them, or any ufage ufed by them of a later time to the contrary. And that fuch officers (hall have power to compel them to do fuch labours and fervices, as they have ufed to compel them before this time lawfully. iiJac.i.c.zL

Statutes made at Wejlminjlery 27 Hen. VI. and Anno 1448.

AU parletnent tenuz a Wcftm’ lc xij. jour de Febr*

AT the parliament holden at Weftminfter the twelfth Up

Digitized by

Google

*88

Ex edit. Raft.

Woolen

cloths.

Cloth makers.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Henrici VI. [1448*

day ^February, the feven and twentieth year of the reign of our lord King Henry the Sixth after the conquejl, the fame our lord the King, by advice and ajfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons being in, the fame parliament hath ordained and ejla-blijhed divers ordinances and Jla-tutes in manner and form following.

Febr* lan du reigne noftre fei-gnu* le Roy Henry vje apres leconqueft xxvije mefme noftre feignur le Roy de ladvis Sc aflent des feignurs efpiritueli Sc temporell & lez communes efteantz en le dit parleinent & par au6lorite de mefme le par-lement ad fait ordener & efta-blier diverfes ordinances & e-ftatutes en lez manere & four-me enfuantz.

CAP. I.

If woolen cloths manufallured in England Jhall be prohibited in Brabant, Holland, and Zealand, then no tnercban-dife growing or wrought there within the dominion of the duke of Burgoin Jhall come into England upon pain of forfeiture.

FIRST, forafmuch as a certain ordinance hath been pro* claimed, publiflied, and ftridHy kept in the parts of Bra-bant, Holland, and Zealand, that no manner of woolen cloths, made in this realm of England, (hall not come in the faid parts, there to be fold in any wife, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame cloths, wherefore the King our fovereign lord, becaufe that it is exprefsly againft the truce and appointments made and taken betwixt his realms, lands and fubjedh of the one party, and the lands which the duke of Burgoin doth hold and occupy of the other party, many times before this time hath made his letters of requeft to be written, and fent his meflage for due reformation to be had in this behalf, whereof no due remedy is yet had, to the intolerable damage of all the commons of this realm, becaufe that many clothmakers, that is to fay, men, weavers, fullers and dyers, and women webfters, carders, fpin-ners, and other buyers and fellers of the fame, fuch as do know none other occupations, of very neceffity beconftrained for their living to do the fame occupations, ana fome of them live idly, which provoketh them to fin and evil life: the King confider-ing the premifles, hath ordained by the authority aforefaid. That unlefs due continual reformation be made in the faid parts of Brabant, Holland and Zealand, of the faid ordinance, betwixt this and the feaft of St. Michael next coming, fo that all manner of wo6len cloths made in this realm of England may come and be accepted in the fame parts of Holland, Brabant and Zealand, there to be uttered and fold,as fpeedily as any other merchan-difes, that then for default of fuch reformation in this behalf no manner of merchandifes nor goods of the growing or workman-(hip of the lands and parts, which the faid duke holdeth and oc-•cupieth, (hall come in the faid realm of England after the faid feaft, upon pain of forfeiture of the merchandifes fo brought

into

1448 ] .Anno vicefimo feptimo Henmci VL	:*8j>

into this realm, that is to lay, the one half to our fovereign lord the King, and the other half thereof to him which first fhall feifc the faid merchandizes, in whofe hands foever they ihall be found. And that open proclamation (hall be made upon that betwixt this and the xv. day oijuly next coming, within the city of London and other places neceflary and convenient to the fame. And if any fuit be commenced hereafter becaufe of any fuch feizing, in which any iiTue concerning this a& (hall Confirmed for be taken, that the faid iiTue (hall be tried in the county whore levin years by the faid feizing is had, and in none other place, this ordinance to endure but till the next parliament.	*,de 4Ed*4%

C A P. II.

No licence Jhall be available to carry wools, fells, or tin to any place out of the realm, but to Calais.

ITEM, forafmuch as King Edward the Third, by great de- Staple.

liberation ordained his whole ftaple of wools, woolfels, and other merchandifes to be at Calais, for the weal and profit of his realm, and (afeguard of the faid town, and by the great liberties and franchifes given to merchants thither repairing, after that many years came great revenues to him and to his fuccef-iors, as it appeareth of record in the King’s exchequer, that is to fay, in every year of his reign lxviij.M.li. and more, and fo continued many years, at which time great riches came into this realm of England by the mean of merchants of the faid (laple then being many in number and of great riches, good juf-tice and law had betwixt party and party, and by them well executed, the faid town of Calais, and the inarches were well repair- Calais, ed, and foldicrs paid of their wages, although that maintenant by divers and many licences given by letters patents, and by mifufmg of the (aid licences in buying of wools and woolfels in other friaces than their licence containeth, in (hipping great number and weight, and colouring the (ame by new contrived names, as morling and (horling: and fome perfons which according to their licence ought to have carried their wools over the mountains, have (bid the fame in Brabant, and in other places, to fuch men which were wont to be accuftomed to buy their wools at the (laple of Calais, and alfo by great dealing out Wool*, wod-of wools and woolfels not cuftomed in divers parts of England, of Ireland, and of Wales, oftentimes by the confent and mean of unlawful officers as fearchers and furveyors, which take no fee, but privy rewards for doing wrong to the King, and by divers reftraints of merchandifes in Calais, as well by wars as by (bi-diers for their wages, and many other caufes, in which the merchants of the (aid (laple be not of ability nor power to enjoy their liberties and franchifes of old time ufed and accuftomed: now it is fo, that by the means aforefaid, and by thr breaking of fuch ftaples, the cuftoms and fubfidies of the merchandifes repairing to the faid (laple of Calais pafs not yearly xlj.M.

: pound, which is but little in companion to that that they have been heretofore, the commons of this land notiariched by their 4VOL. Ill,	U	WOOIS

Anno vicefimo feptimo Hemrici Vi. [1448*

wools and woolfels, and other merchandifes, as they were wont to be, the merchants greatly minifhed as well in number as in goods, and not of power nor of comfort to buy the wools and woolfels, and other merchandifes as they have done of old time, the foldiers of Calais and of the marches there not paid of their | wages, the town of Calais by default of reparation, as well with- I in the town-walls, towers and caftles, as without the town* of ' dykes, cliffs, fluices, banks, and other reparations, which (hould be made for defence of the town and of the water without, likely to be deftroved (which God defend) except that remedy be haftily providea : our faid fovereign lord the King, confidering the premifles, hath ordained and eftablifhed by authority afore* faid. That the mayor, conftablcs, and company of merchants of the ftaple of Calais for the time being, and their fuccefibrs for ever, may have and enjoy all their tranchifes and libertio and every of them, and whole repair of all manner of merchandifes to the faid ftaple, by the faid King or by his noble progenitors to them or to their predeceffors or any of them, by the authority of parliament granted or confirmed, not repealed nc* exceptea. And that the faid mayor, conftables, and their fuc-ceflors, may by themfelves or by tbeir officers and minifters, do execution of all manner of things and matters, the knowledge whereof to them pertaineth, as well within the town of Calais as without the town, in the precinft pertaining to the fame, called the Skyvynace, any commandment, writing or any other thing made or to be made to the contrary notwithftand-v ing. Provided a!ways,That by this aft no man lhall be excluded of his lawful fuit by writ of error, of any judgment given before the faid mayor and conftables : nor the chancellor of England and the King’s council (hall not be excluded to redrefs the defaults of the faid mayor and conftables, after the form of the ftatute made the xxvii. year of the reign of King Edward tile Third. And that no manner of licence for (hipping of wools and woolfels, or of tin granted to any perfon or perkms, (hail be effeftual nor available to him or to them, to carry or bring any fuch wools, woolfels, or tin, out of this realm of England, Ireland, or Wales, to any other place than to the faid ftaple of Calais. And that all manner of licences by our faid fovereign lord the King, or any of his heirs or fucceflors, to any perfon of perfons to be granted of or for wools, woolfels, or tin, to be had, carried, or (hipped out of this realm of England, Ireland> or Wales, or any other place than to the faid ftaple, (hall be void and of none effeft. And that every perfon or perfons, which (hall accept, obtain, and put in execution any fuch licence, or he or they to whofe ufe any fuch licence is or (hall be granted and bad, and by them, or by any other by their

Kment or confent put in execution, (hall be out of the Js proteftion, and moreover, that it (hall be lawful to the faid mayor, conftables, and company of merchants of the fakl ftaple, and to their fucceflors for ever, to have and purfue ah* aftion upon this statute againft every peribn Or perfons* which

•fliall

Digitized by v^.ooQle

291

1448.] Anno vicdimo feptimo Henrici VI.

(hall offend contrary to this ordinance, and to have fitch pro* cefs in the fame as h provided in the Premunire facias, or fuch procefs as by the law is in an action of trefpafs done againft the King’s peace at their election- And if any perfon or perfons at M their fuit upon the fame be convi<5t or attainted, that the fame ° *** mayor, cdnftables, and company of merchants (hall have judgment to recover all the moveable goods ahd chattels, that any iiich perfon or perfons fo convidfc or attainted had, the day of putting in execution of any fuch licence, or at the time of the (aid judgment given, or at any time betwixt the putting in execution of any fuch licence, or at the time of the forefaid judgment given, or to the value thereof, at tht election of the plaintiffs in the fame action : whereof the two parts of the goods and chattels fo recovered and had in execution, or the value thereof, (hall be employed for reparations of gutters* fluices, and banks at Calais aforefaid, by the furvfcying of the matter of the faid works there for the time being, and the third part thereof (hall remain to the mayor, conftables, and company a-forefaid. Provided always, That the faid action be had and commenced within the county where fuch licence (hall be put in execution. And if any (uch licence be put in execution in Ireland or Wales, that then the fuit (hall be commenced in the county within England next adjoining to the place where fuch licence (hall be put in execution in Ireland or Wales. And moreover, That every perfon or perfons, which (hall (hip, or bring or do to be (hipped or carried any wools, woolfeis, or tin out of this realm, Ireland, or Wa>l$s, by colour of any licence, or o-therwife, and them to put to fale in any other part or place out of the faid realm of England, Ireland, or Wales, than to the (aid ftaple of Calais, unlels the (hip, in which the faid wools, woolfeis, or tin (hould beperiftied, and may not be brought to the (aid ftaple, and thereof be attainted or convict at the fuit of the faid mayor, conftable and company of merchants of the faid ftaple, by (uch adtion and procefs grounded upon this a<5t, as it is afore rehtarfed, the fame action to be taken in the county where the faid wools, woolfeis, or tin be (hipped or carried out, that he (hall forfeit all his goods and chattels, to be employed and had in the form aforefiid. And if any Wools, woolfeis, or tin, from henceforth be carried or (hipped to be had out of this realm of England, Ireland, or Wales, to anv other place out of England, Ireldttd, or Wales, than to the faid ftaple by force of any licence, that then it (hall be lawful to every perfon, being the King’s liege-man, to fei2e the faid wools, woolfeis, and tin, and them keep to his own ufe after fuch feizing. And that every cuftomer, comptroller, fearcher, and furveyor, which by Cuftomer. his knowledge (hall iuffer or admit any wools, woolfeis, or tin Comptroller* to be (hipped within any port, creek, haven, or any other place Searcher, where they be officers, or any other port or place than to the faid ftaple as afore is faid, by force of any licence, or by colour thereof, by force of any writ or other commandment, in affirming or approving of any fuch licence to them to be dirt&cd, or

U 2	will-

Anno vicefhno feptimo HfcNRlci VI. [144&*

willingly fuffer any fucb merchandifes to pals out of this realm* not cuftomed or not weighed at the King’s beam* fuch of them which ought to be weighed, (hall incur the pain and forfeiture aforefaid. And he or they (hall be reputed and judged in like cafe, as he which executeth any fuch licence .to any other place than to the (aid ftaple, after that he thereof (hall be convidt at the fuit of him which in this cafe will fue. And that it (hall be lawful to every perfon being the King’s fubjeft and liege-man, that in fuch cafe will purftie, to have (uch a&ion again# the faid cuftomers, comptrollers, ftarchers, and furveyors, as is provided again# fuch perfons which (hall put in execution any fucb licence, as afpre is faid. And that all manner of thing done contrary to the ordinance of this ftatute, a6 well within this realm as without, not triable by matter of record, (hall be put in iffue, and be triable by inqueft in the lame county and vifne. Where the faid adtion (hall be taken. Provided always. That all manner of licences for wool and tin to pafs by the ftreights of Marred, (hipped in gallies or carracks for paying cuftoms and fubfidies as aliens do or (hall do, (hall be only except. Provided alfo, That this adt (hall not extend, nor mail be prqududal to the licence granted by our faid (bvereign lord the King by his letters patents, bearing date the xxiiij. day of3k^p,tfte xxvi. year of his reign, to our lady the queen his companion, to (hip and carry by her, her deputies, affigns, or creditors, wools, wooU fels, and tin, after the form and effedt of the faid letters patents, fo that the faid wools, woolfels, and tin, and every ofthenr thall be and be (hipped in galley or gallies, carack or caracks, and carried by the (Weights of Marrod. Provided alfo. That this qpt (hall not extend to be prejudicial to the licence granted by our foyereign lord the King by his letters patents, bearing date the fir# day of July the xxiiij. year of his reign to the duke of Suffolk, by the name of IVtUtam marquis and earl of Suffolk, to* fhip and carry by him, his deputies or attomies, two thoufand lacks of wool, of the growing of the county of Norfolk j after the form and effect of the fame letters patents. And that open proclamation of this ordinance (hail be made in every town where the county courts be holden, every port, haven, and market town next adjoining to the faid ports, by the (heriff of every county or his deputy, once every month by the fpace of half a year next after this ordinance made, after this act fent again#: them by writ of record, upon pain of xx li. to be forfeit to the King, if the faid proclamation be not duly executed. Provided alwarys,That this grant or ordinance (hall not extend to the prior and convent of St. John of Bridlington and his fucceflbr, which have licence by the King’s letters patents made to them the ix. of November, the xxvi. year of his reign, to (hip, carry, or bring their wools to the number xii. farplers, containing xxx. facks or within, to other places or port9 beyond the fea, than tor the faid ftaple of Calais. Provided alfo, Thtt this grant or ordinance (hall not extend to grams feverally made to Thomas tyalftngkam* Thoms Browney and to John Permyeed> efquir^s,

*>y

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno vicelimo feptlmo Henrici VI.	293

'toy the letters patents of our fovereign lord the King before thi* time, to (hip, carry, or bring certain wools to other places or ports beyond the fea than to the faid ftaple of Calais but that they (hall be clearly except of this ordinance. And that this ordinance (hall begin at the feaft of the nativity of St.John the Bapttjl next coming, and (hall endure till the end of five years next following.

CAP. III.

Merchants aliens Jhall bejlow all their money upon other merchandizes, and carry forth no gold or fther, upon pain of forfeiture thereof.

ITEM, where it is ordained by a ftatute made in the fourth year Ex edit. Raft.

of King Henry the Fourth, noble progenitor of our fovercign 4	51*

lord the King that now is, that all merchants aliens, ftrangers * h * Cc.V/ and denizens, that bring any merchandifes into this realm of 3 H7.C.8.* England, and them fell within the faid realm of England, (hould put all the money for the faid merchandifes, received or to be received, to be employed for other merchandifes of England, to carry out of this realm, without bearing away with them any gold or (ilver in coin, plate, or mafs, out of the faid realm, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame: which notwithftandmg, divers merchants aliens, ftrangers and denizens, daily in divers

Cs, havens, creeks, and other places within the raid realm, g in wheat, corn, and other merchandifes and victual, for the which they receive gold and filver, and the fame carry with them out of the faid realm, without any employment of the faid gold and filver upon any merchandifes of this realm, in great damage and impoverilhment of this realm, and minifhing of the King’s coin, in default of due fearch had of cuftomers, comptrollers, and fearchers, haying power and authority to do their offices to be executed : our faid fovereign lord the King, con-fidering the premifles, hath ordained by the authority atorefaid.

That if any merchants, aliens and ftrangers, bring, bear, or

carry any wheat, com, or any other merchandifes or victual in

any haven, port, or creek, or other places of this faid realm,

that the mayors, bailiffs, porterefes, cuftomers, comptrollers,

fearchers, and otKer officers there or the faid port, haven, or	^

creek, or other places, and every of them, (Hall have full au-	*“*

thority and power to arreft and feize all (hips, barges, and other

veflels charged and freighted with wheat, com, or any other

merchandifes or victual, fo brought into this realm of any

country out of this realm, to fell and to take fufficient furety of

all the faid merchants aliens and ftrangers, for the faid wheat,

corn, or other merchandifes and victual fo brought by the faid

merchants aliens and ftrangers coming and repairing to the faid

ports, havens, and Creeks, and other places of this faid realm.

And that the money which (hall be taken or received for the faid wheat, com, and other merchandifes or victual (hall be employed upon the merchandifes and commodities of this realm Gol(J witfcQUtfwid! fubtilty, or male-engine. And if any gold or silver.

U 3	filver	Plate.	J

Digitized by Google

294

W*les.

TreaTon.

Anno vicefimo feptimo Hen*ici VL [144?.

filver ifi coin, plate, or mafs, by merchants aliens, ftrangers or. denizens be carried out of this realm, taken or received for wheat* porn, or any other merchandifes or victual, to be brought into this realm of any other country out of this realm, contrary to this ordinance afore recited, that it (hall be lawful to every perfon to pursue an adion of debt againft all fuch cuftomers, comptrollers, and fearchers, and every of them, m whofe knowledge and default againft their office, any fuch gold or filver in coin, plate, or mafs* is had and carried out of this realm, to be purfued in fuch counties where fuch wheat, com, or any other merchandife or victual is brought and put to fale, and in the faid a&ion (hall make his demand of a fum amounting to the value of the faid wheat, com, merchandife, or victual. And that the parties or party, which is fo fued, and first appeareth, (hall be put to anfwer in the faid action, and (hall not wage his law in the faid action, nor effoin nor protection (hall be in the fame adtion for him or for any of them allowed. Provided always. That this ordinance (hall begin and (hall bp in his force \n the xv.	I

of Eajler next enfuing, and (hall endure till the next parliament. And that proclamation thereof be made before the faid xv. in all parts of this realm, where any wheat, com* or other merchandifes or victual be or (hall be brought into this realm, from any country out of this realm.

CAP. IV.

A rehearfal and confirmatiothfor three years of the ftatute of 20 Hen. VI. cap. 3. provided againft Welfhmen that take any Englidimen* their goods and chattels, and carry them into Wales.

ITEM, whereas at the grievous complaint of the commons of the counties of Hertford^ Gloucefltr, and Shrop/hire, which be adjoining to the marches of WaUsy and of the commons of the counties of Somerfet, Briflol, and Chefter, at the parliament holden at WefiminjUr the xx year of the reign of our fovereigp lord the King that now is, it was ordained by authority of & faid parliament. That if any people of the faid counties, their goods and chattels were wrongfully Akendn any of the faid counties by any men of Wales, and Cut of the faid counties intp Walcs^ or into the marches of Wales conveyed, carried, or brought, or retained, that fuch taking or takings, receipts, 4-bettmerits, or withholding of fuch offences aforefaid, (hall bp judged high treafon, and whofoever thereof (hall be attainted, fhq.ll be taken and judged as traitors to our foypreign lord the Kme. And that the juftices of peace in their (a- I (ions in the faid counties, (hall have power to enquire, and I there to determine of all fuch offenders, their abettors and receivers, and to make procefe againft the perfons fq indicted by ii. Capias and an Exigcnd, every Capias containing the fpace of two months betwixt the date thereof and the return of the fame. And that mention (hall be made in the faid writs of Capias, that

............................................... the

6

Digitized by v^ooQle

1448.] Anno vicefimo feptimo Henrici VI.

the fheriffs of the counties for the time being (hall make proclamation in their counties, that they fo indi&ed (hall appear before the faid juftices in their feflions, to anfwer to the matters contained in the faid indi&ment. Provided always, That the lords marchers, of whom fuch offenders, their abettors and receivers (hall hold their land and tenements, (hall have the forfeiture thereof, and alio the forfeiture of their goods and chattels found within their feignories, after that they (hall be attainted of fuch offences, which ordinance (hould endure but for vi. years then next enfuing : our faid fovereign lord the King, at the requeft of the commons of the faid counties, by the advice and aflent srfbrefaid, will. That the faid ordinance made in the faid parliament holden at JVeflminfter the faid twentieth year of his faid reign, for fuch wrongful taking, (hall bndure for fix years, and ihali take effect and be in his force till the next parliament, and then to expire.

CAP. V.

Certain days wherein fairs and markets ought not to he

kept.

ITEM confideratis abomi- TTEM, confidering the abo-nabilibus injuriis Si often- A wimble injuries and off'en-fis omnipotenti Deo noftro ces done to Almighty God, and fiunftifque fuis noftris Temper to his Saints, always aiders and in neceflitatibus adjutoribus Sc Jingular aJMers in our neceffities% fpccurforibus fingularibus cau- beeaufe of fairs and markets upon & feriarum Sc mercatorum fu- their high and principal feafls, as per eorum fumma principalia in the feajl of the Afcenllon of fefta veluti in fefto Afcenfionis our Lord, in the day of Corpus domini de corporis Chrifti die Chrifti, in the day of Whitfun-Pentecoftcs die Dominica fane- day, in Trinity-Sunday, with te Trinitatis cum aliis diebus other Sundays, and alfo in the Dominicis Ac etiam in fummo high feaft of the Affumption of fefto Afiumptionis beate Ma- our blefj'ed Lady, the day of Aline die omnium fanftorum Sc in Saints, and on Good-hriday, die Parafceves confuetudinal* accuftomably and miferably holden ter Sc miferrime in regno Ang- and ufed in the realm of Eng-lie tentorum Sc ufitatorum fac- land ; in woich principal and fef tjs & perpetratis in qui- tival days, for great earthly co-bus principalibus feftivalibuf- vetife, the people is more willingly que diebus pro raagna cupidi- vexed, and in bodily labour foiled* tgte terrena populus volunta- than in other ferial days, as in fie plus vexatus Sc in labore faflening, and making their booths corporali deturbatus exiftit. and flails, bearing and carrying, quam aliis diebus ferialibus vi- lifting and placing their wares delicet in infigendo & faciendo outward and homeward, as though bothas Sc ft alias portando Sc they did nothing remember the vehendo levando Sc collocando horrible defiling of their fouls in mercimonia fua extrorfum Sc buying and felling, with many de^ domorfurn quafi nicliil haben- ceitful lies and falfe perjury, with

tes U 4	drunk\

Digitized by

296	Arwor	ricefimo	fiiptimb	Henrici Vi. £1443.

drunietmefi and ftrifrh and fo tes in mcmoria horribilem family withdrawing tbemfelves quinationem animarum fuaram and their /truants from divine in enaptione & venditione d«-fervice\ (2) the foreiaid lord eeptivis multimodis mendacii* the King, by the advice and St falfo perjurio cum ebrietate aflent of the lords fpirkual and Sc contentionibus U fpeciaLite* temporal, and the commons fe ipfos & eorum fervientes a of this realm of England^ being divino fervitio fubtrahenda in the faid parliament, and by prefatus dominus Rex d« avi-authority of the fame parlia- famento & afieniu dominorum ment, hath ordained. That all fpiritualium & temporalium ac manner of fairs and markets communitatis regni fui Anglic in the faid principal feafts and in dido parliamento exiftenti-The penalty &mdays> and Good Friday, (hall nm nec non autoritate ejufdem pn thole who clearly ceafe from all (hewing parliament ordinavkquod om~ (hall keep of any goods or merchandifes nimoda ferie & roercata in dk> fairs or mar- (ncceflary vidual only except) tjsprincipalibusfeftis & diebus Sukda^ upon pain of forfeiture of all Dorninicis ac die Parafcevee u	the goods aforefaid, fo (hewed, penitus cedent ab omnimoda

to the lord of tKe franchife or monftratione aliquorum bo-liberty where (uch goods, con- norum vel mercandtfansra trary to this ordinance, be or neceftariis vi<5hial»bus except Ihall be (hewed (the four Sun- tis fub pena forisfa&une om-days in harveft except.) (3) nium bonorum predi&orum Neverthelefs, of his fpecial lie monftratorum domino frarv-grace, by authority afore- chefie ubi hujufmodi bom in faid, granteth to them power, contrarium iftius ordinationis which of old time had no day funt vel erunt monftrata qua-to hold their fair or market but jtuor diebus dommicis in au-pnly upon the feftival days a- tumpno exceptis. Nichitomi-ferefaid, to hold by the fame nus ex foa gratia (peciali auc-authority and ftrength of his toritate fupradidla concedens old grant, within three days poteftatem illis qui ex antique* next before the faid feafts, or nullum dieiri ad tenendum fe-next after, proclamation first mm vel mercamm fuum nifi made to the (imple common folummodo foper diebus fe(K-people, upon which day the valibus predi&i$ habent ad te-aforefaid fair (hall be holdcn, nendum ea aultoritate & vi-always to be certified, without gore antique conceflionis foe any fine or fee to be taken to infra tres dies prox’ ante fe(ty the King’s ufe. (4) And they predkfta vel prox’ poft cum which of old time have by fpe- proclamations prius fa<$a ad cial grant, fufficient days be- fimplicem vulgarem popufon* ifore the feafts afore&id, or af- fuper quern diem feria predi&a ter, (hall in like manner as is tenebitur femper certiorand’ afore T^id, hold their fairs and abfque aliquo fine feu feodo ad markets the foil number of ufom domini pegis capiendo, their days, the faid feftival days Et illi qui habent ex antiquo and Sundays, and Good Fridays, per fpecialem conceflionemdies except.	fofficientes ante fcpradilhr

•	II.	Pro-	fefta

Digitized by v^ooQle

*97

Anno 'ricefima o&aoa Henrici VL

*4*9-1

fofta Yet paft plenum numerum diem® foorum obferveni con-iknili fupradido modo *d te-nend’ 6ms ferns vel mercata *&&>$ diebus feftivalibus & do-mirocis ac die Par afc eves ex-ceptis.	'

Provifo fcffvper quod prefens ordinatio indpiat fomerc effec-tum ad feftttm fan&i Mkhae-hs proximo futurum & non ante & durcbit ufique ad proxi-mum parkamentum & &c delude nifi in dido prox’ parliamento allegetur monftretur Sc probetyr caufa rationabilis pro qua videhitur non expediens quod ordinatio predida fic perdurabit.

CAP. VI.

IK Provided always. That this prefent ordinance (hall begin to take effed at the feaft of St. Michael next coming, and not before, and fhaU endure until the next parliament, and fb forth, except in the faid parliament a rcafonablc caufe be alltdged, (hewed, and proved, for the which it (hall feem not expedient that the fore-(aid ordinance fo (hall endure.

The King's pat don granted to all priejls, as well fecukr as religious, of Several offences,forfeitures, Sec.

ITEM, Forafmuch as in divers parts of the realm of England, manypriefts, as wellfecular as religious, were grievoufly and wrongfully vexed and troubled by divers indidmeats of felony, to their great damage, againft faith and conference, for the Gn-gular lucre of other perfons, and not for the King’s profit: our faid fovereign lord the King,confideringthe premi&s, andfor that the clergy being in the Iaft convocation, granted to our faid fovereign lora the Sing a fubfidy, to be taken and levied of all fecular priefts-ftipendiary, and chantery priefts within the realm of England, that is to fey, of every prielt vi. (hillings and viii. d. by the advice and aifent and authority aforefaid, hath pardoned and acquitted all and every prieft, as well religious aslecular, of all felonies of rape done before the first day of J'une, the xxvii. year of the reign of our faid fovereign lord the King. And alfb hath pardoned and releafed by the feme authority to all and every prieft fecular, ftipendiary and annual,all the fame that to the laid pur fovereign lord the King pertaineth or belongeth, by way of forfeiture or every of them before the faid first day of the month of June* becaufe of taking excefllve wages contrary to the ftatutes ' thereof made, and that every of them may have fofficient writs thereupon for their difcharge without fuing any chaner.

Statutes made at Wefiminfter, Anno 28 Hen. and Anno Donu 1449.

AL honour de Dwu & de r I H) hennr and of feint eglife St pur ks- Jl holy church, andfor the commune bien & profit de tout	wealth and profit of all

k

Digitized by

Google



Anno vioefimo oftavo HenRici VI. [ 1449;

the realm of England, our lord the King* Henry the Sixth after the conquefty by advice and affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the [pedal inflance and re-f ueji of the commons in the parliament ajfembled of our fiver eign lord the King that now holden at Weftminfter the fixth day of November, the eight and twentieth year of his reigny by authority of the fame parliament, hath ordained and eftablijhed certain ordinances and flatuses in man-tier and form following.

le roialrae dEngleterre noftre feignur le Roy Henry puis le conquefte fifme del advis ic affent des feignurs efpirituclx & temporelx & a les efpecialx inflance & requeft des communes aflemblez au Ton parle-ment tenuz a Weftm* le fifme jour de Nov'embr* lan de fon reigne xxviijnw par lau&orite de mefme le parlement ad or-deignez & eftabliez certeins eftatutz & ordenaunces par manere qe enfuit.

Woolen

cloths.

CAP. I.

A rehearfal and confirmation for feven years of the ftatute of 2 7 Hen. VI. cap. r. prohibiting the merchandifes of Holland, Zealand, and Brabant to be brought into this realm? until Englifh cloth may be fold there.

Ex edit. Raft. T?IRST, Whereas at his parliament holden at Weflmiifler the -1— jp xxvii year of his reign, becaufe of a certain ordinance, had, proclaimed, publifhed and ftraightly kept in the parts of Brabant y Holland', and Zealand^ that no manner of woolen cloths made in this realm fhould not come in the faid parts, there to be fold in any wile, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame cloths, wherefore our faid fovereign lord the King, becaufe that it was exprefsly againft the truce and appointment made and taken betwixt his realms, lands and fubjeAs of the one part, and the lands which the duke of Burgoin holdcth and occupieth of the other part, many times before this time made his letters of requeft to be written, and fent his meffage for due reformation to be had in this behalf, whereof nd due remedy is yet had, to the intolerable damage of all the commons of this realm, becaufe that many clothmakers, that is to fay, men weavers, fullers, and diers, and women wcbfters, carders, and fpinners, and other buyers and fellers of the fame, fuch which know none other occupation of very neceffity be conftrained for their living to do thefe occupations, and fome of them live idlely, which provoketh them to fin and evil life, and upon this confiaeration m the faid parliament the faid xxvii. year it was ordained. That unlef* due continual reformation were made in the faid parts of Brabant, Holland, and Zealand, of the faid ordinance, betwixt this time •and the feaft of Saint Michael then next enfuing, fo that all manner of woolen cloths made in this realm may fomc apd be accepted in the fame parts of Brabanty Htllandy and Zealand? there to be uttered and fold as fpeedily as any other merchandifes: that then for default of fuch reformation in this behalf, IIP manner qf mwfamdifes nor goods of the growing nor worfc-

maitfhip

Cloth-ma-

kers.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1449*)	Anno vicefimo o&gvb Henrici VI.

manlhip of the lands and parts, which the laid duke holdcth and occupieth, Ihould not come in the Cud realm after the faid feaft, upon pain of forfeiture of the lame merchandife, that is to lay, the one half thereof to the King, and the other half to him which first lhall feife the faid merchandifes, in whofe hands fo ever that they lhall be found, and that thereupon open procla* mation lhall be made betwixt this time and the xv. day of July then next enfuing, within the city of London, and other places jieceflary and convenient to the fame. And if any fuit be com* roenced after this time becaufe of any fuch feifure, in which any ilTue concerning this ordinance lhall be taken, that the faid ilfue lhall be tyd in the counties where the faid feifure lhall be had, and in none other place, which ordinance (houldhave endured till the next parliament. And forafmuch as by the fummons and commencement of this prefent parliament, the laid ordinance lhall be folly expired and determined, no due reformation on the behalf of the faid duke of Burgoin of the premises yet had our faid lbvereign lord the King, confiderine the premises, by the advice, alTent and authority aforefaid, hath ordained and fta-blilhed,That open proclamation lhall be made in the city of Lon-don and other places neceflary and convenient for the lame, betwixt this and the feall of Saint Peter called ad Vincula next coming, that unlefs due continual reformation be made and had in the faid parts of Brabant, Holland, and Zealand, betwixt that and the feaft of Saint Michael then next enfuing, fo that all manner of woolen cloths made in this realm of England, may come Merchandifes. and be accepted in the fame parts of Brabant, Holland, and Zealand t^ere to be uttered and fold, as fpeedily as any other merchandifes, that then for default of fuch reformation in this behalf, no manner of merchandifes nor goods of the growing nor workmanlh jp of the lands and parts, which the faid duke holdeth and occupieth, lhall come into this realm after the laid feall of §aint Michael, upon pain of forfeiture of the merchandifes, that is to lay, the one half thereof to the King, and the other half to him which first lhall feife the faid merchandifes, in whofe hands fo ever they lhall be found. And if any fuit be commenced hereafter becaufe of any fuch feifure, in which any i flue .concerning this ordinance (hall be taken, that the faid iflke lhall be tried in the county where the faid feifure is had, and in none other Vide 4 Ed. 4, place. And that this ordinance lhall endure for vii. years, ifc* S-due reformation be pot made within that time.

CAP. II.

The penalty far taking any perfons borfes or cart without the delivery of the owner, or fome officer, or for taking money to jpare them.

ITEM, Whereas divers hoftlers, brewers, and ether visual- E* ***** lers, keeping hofteriesand other houfes of retailing of victuals in divers places in this realm, have purchafed the King’s letters patents, fome to them for term oflife, and Ibme tothem and to other jointly for term of their lives* to take horfes and outs for

Digitized by Google

r

£QO

The penalty for taking any horfe ana cart without the delivery of the owner and fome officer.

j Ed. t.c. 32, 21 R. t. Cv j.

Ex edit. Rail. Sheriff*.

Anno vicclimo oftavo HeK RiCi VI. f 1449.'

♦he carriage of the King and Queen, more for their private and Angular lucre and profit, than for any faithful fervice of the King, or of the Queen : by colour of which letters patents they daily take horfes and carts where that no need is, and bring them to tneir hoAeries and other places of their affinity, and there keep them fecretly fometime, until they have fpent xx d. or xl d. of their fluff, and fometime more, and then they make the owners of the fold horfes and carts to pay for the fame before that they can eet delivery of their horfes and carts, and fome till they have made a fine with them for fuch horfes and carts at their will: and of fome of the King’s people they take fines to fhew favour, and not to take their horfes and carts; So that divers perfons of the King’s liege people in this noble realm, be greatly indamaged by the fain takers, as weH for the non-payment of the hire of the faid horfes and carts, as for the great charge they have for their meat, and fines made for their delivery after they be fo taken: (2) our faid lord the King by the advice and aflent aforefaid, hath ordained and ftablifhed, That all.fuch letters patents, granted to any perfon or perfons holding any hofteries, brewhoules, or houfe of retailing of victual, fhau be void, and of no value nor effect; and if any fuch grant be made to any fuch perfon or perfons from hencefdrth, that all fuch patents fo granted fhall.be void and of none effect. (3) And that no perfon or perfons fhall take horfe or cart in any place within this realm, but by the delivery of the mayor, fheriff, baififfs or conftable where fuch taking fhall be had. (4) And if any fuch perfon or perfons take any horfe or cart of any perfon or perfons, withput agreement made to the pofleflbr for the fame, and by the delivery of the mayor, fheriff, bailiff or conftable where fuen, taking fhall be had, that then he or they from whom fuch horfe or cart is taken, apd he or they of whom fuch fines or payments be taken, as is afore rehearfed, fhall have an a<ftion of trefpafs at the common law for fuch takings, (5) And that he or they that feeleth htmfelf grieved in fuch aftion, fhall recover treble damages againft him or them which fo take any horfe or cart, fines or payment, contrary to this ordinance; (6) faving always to the King his prerogative sold fits pre-eminence of and in the premifles.

CAP. Ill,

The King's pardon to tkofe that were fheriffs or dorks tbs lafi year before, for occupying their places above one yeary contrary to the ftatute of 23 Hen. VI. c. 8.

ITEM, By advice, aflent, and authority aforefaid, it is ordained and granted, That the fherifFs and under-fheriffs, clerks, and every of them, which were for the year laft parted, fhall be quit and difeharged againft our faid fovereign lord the King and all his liege people, of the penalties and forfeitures of CC. li. which they or any of them might foli in or incur by force of the ftatute made the xxiii. year of our faid fovereign lord the King, as for the occupation or exercife of the office of flieriff longer than by a year, from the day next after the day of

I449O Anno vicefimo o&avo Hsnrici-VI.

AU fouls, in the xxvii. year of the reign of our faid fovereign lord theKing, that now is, till the feaft of the purification of our Lady then enluing, in the eight and twentieth year of our faid fovereign Jord. Provided always. That by this prefbit ordinance they nor none of them (hall be excufea or difcharged of any other offence or thing done by them or any of them in their faid offices. Provided aHo, That none (hall be amerced for any fuit commenced by him againft any perfon to recover the faid penalty, for the longer occupying than by the year, from the day after the faid day of All Souls, till the faid feaft of the purification of our Lady.

CAP. IV.

Felony for any WeHh or Lancafhire man to take other men*

■ their goods or chattels} under colour of dijlrefs* where they have no caufe.

ITEM, Whereas divers mifruled perfons of the counties and feigniories royals in Wales, and of the dutchy of Lamajler, in the laid parts daily take and ufe to take divers perfons, places and chattels in the faid counties, dutchy, and feigniories, by the name and under colour of diftreft, where they have no manner . of fee, feigniory, nor caufe to take fuch diftrefs, but feign fome Ddbrf* a&ions and quarrels to grieve and deftroy the faithful people of the faid counties, dutchy, and feigniories againft law, reafon, and conference, and the aforefaid perfons, goods, and chatties fp taken, bring and carry out of the counties, dutchy and feigu niories aforefaid, where they be taken, to divers other places ip England unA Wales: and many times for taking of fuch diftreffes, and in refiftance of them, great afiemblies of people, riots, maims, and murders, be made and had, and if it be not hafttty remedied other inconveniencics be like thereof to purfue : of which takings, bringings, and carryings in this behalf no puitifh-ment is, wherefore the people of the faid pferts daily abound and increafe in evil governance: our faid fovereign lord the King, willing to remedy the premifles, by advice, afient, and authority aforefaid hath ordained and ftabliflied, That if any perfon take any goods, chattels, or perfon in any of the faid counties, dutchy, or feigniories, and them bring pr cany to any places out of any o of the faid counties, dutchy or feigniories, in which they be taken, to any other places, that all manner of fuch takings, bringings, or carryings, (hall be had and judged felony: and if aiw perfon thereof be duly attainted in any manner, that be (hall have execution as a felon (hould have: and that no manner of perfon in the faid counties, dutchy, or feigniories, nor in none other places in Wales* arrefted, accused', . or indiffed of felony in any manner (hall be admitted to difclaitn out of the faid county, dutchy, or feigniory, where he is fo indi&ed, accufed, or arrefted. Provided always, That no perfon fhall be indamaged nor grieved by this ordinance, for taking within his fee, or for any manner of caufe wherefore diftrefs or taking is lawful by the common law of England* this ordinance to endure for five yearst/

CAP# t

Digitized by *

The remedy when an officer of the customs doth make any dif-trefle* or ar-reft upon any (hips tor an unlawful caufe*

Anno viccfimo o£tavo Henrici VI. [ 1449. CAP. V.

Tie penalty of the officer* ef the citftom1 which by colour of their offices Jhall difirain any man's Jhips or goods.

ITEM, Whereas divers wa-terbailiffsy fear<hersy comptrollers of the Jcarcbty and other their deputies and fervants within the ports of this realm, and fpecially within the ports of Fowey, Plymouth, Dartmouth, and Pool, by colour of their offices daily do wrongfully take, by con-fir amt of dfjtreffes and arrefts upon the flips, barges, balengers, and other veffels, goodsy and mer-chandifes of the King's liege merchants of this faid realm, and a-mong aU other upon the King’s liege merchants of Gafcony, Guyen, Ireland, Gucmfey and Jerfey, in their coming and going in the faid ports, great charges and impofitions, that is to fayy for every piece of crefclotb iv. d. for every hundred 0} canvas vi. 6, for the weight of every tun of iron xii. d. and fometlme morey and likewife of all other goods and merchants of the faid liege people, and other merchandifis of the King's amity,

(2)	and by fuch wrongful difiref-fesy arrejlsy charges, and impoji-tionsy they do dijeourage the faid merchants freely to come into this faid realm, and to return, contrary to aU law and confciencey to the great prejudice of our faid lord the Kingy in lofs of his cuf-toms and fubfiiits, and to the great damage of the [aid merchants and their fucceffbrs, unlefs due remedy thereof be bad in the fame;

(3)	by adviefe, aflent, and authority afore&id, it is ordained andeftablilhed. That the faid merchants, and their fucceflors, and every of them, of all fuch injuries, diftreffiJarrells, charges.

ITEM come diverfes baillifs de leaues fercheours courv-troullours du ferche & autres leur deputees & fervauntz dedeins les portes de ceft roialme & en efpeciall dedeins les portes de Fowey Plymmouth Dertmouth Sc Pole par colour de leur offices torceoufment chargeont & priegnont ore de jour en autre par durefle de de-ftrefles & areftes fur les nk£i barges ballengers & autres vef-feaulx biens Si merchaundifes des lieges du Roy merchauntz de ceft dit roialme et entre toutz autres fur les lieges du dit Roy marchauntz de Gaf-coigneGuyan Irland Gemefcy & Geriey en lour venaunt & alant en les ditz portz graundz chargez & impofitions ceftaflz-voir pur chefcun pece de crece-cloth iiij'd. pur chefcun centz de canvas vj. d. "pur pois de chefcun tonell de ferre xij. d. & afeune foitzpluis& fembla#» blement de toutz autres biens & merchaundifes de les ditz lieges & dautres merchauntz damitee noltre dit foveraigne ieignurle Roy et partielx enju* riofez deftreuezarreftes charges & impofitions empechent les ditz merchauntz franchement a venir en ceft dit roialme et a paffer encountre toutz leyes Sc confcience outre toutz cut tumes & fubfidies duez a noftre dit (eignour le Roy en anientif-ment des fes ditz cuftumes Sc fubfidies Sc en grand damage & arrerifment de les ditz ffier-chauntz & lour fucceffours fi-non du remedic entne fbit cue

par

Digitized by

1449*1 Anno vicefimo oftavo Henrici VI.	303

par advis aflent Sc au&orite defluifditz ordeignez eft & ef-tabliez qe les ditz merchauntz lour fucceflours Sc chefcun deux de toutz tiels enjuriez deftrefles areftes chargez Sc im-pofitions defuis recitez affaires a eux ou a afcun deux iibien par tielx baillifs del eaus ferch-eours & countrollours de ferche come par colle<5tours des ditz cuftumes Sc fubfidies countrollours de les mefmes furveiours des cuftumes & fubfidies & du ferche pakkers ou afcuns au-tres officers lour deputees ou fervauntz par lourcommaund-ment ou afcun deux enapres peuflent avoir fur ceo generall bref de trefpas encountre tielx meffai fours Sc chefcun deux fo-lonc la fourme de ley & a re-couverer encountre ceux Sc chefcun deux cnfi de ceo con* vi<ftz xl. li* Sc qe lez ditz merchauntz lour fucceflpurs Sc chefcun deux enfi grevez come devauiit eft dit purfueront Sc purfuera le dit brief de trefpas encountre les ditz meffaifours Sc chefcun deux de tielx en-juries diftreffes areftes charges Sc impofitions ainfi affairez come devaunt eft dit dedeins deux mois profehein apres tielx enjuries deftrefles areftes charges Sc impofitions affaires par eiix ou alcun deux come devaunt eft dit et en cas les ditz merchauntz lour fiiccef-fours ou afcun deux ne pur-fuent mie le dit brief de trefpas de tielx enjuries deftrefles areftes charges Sc impofitions def-fuifditz encountre les ditz meffaifours ne null deux dedeins les ditz deux mois qe lors il lirra a chefcun autre perfone de les lieges du Roy a purfuer le dit brief de trefpas de tielx enjuries diftrefle1 areftes charges

ges, and impofitions afore recited, to be made to them, or any of them, as well by fuch watdrbailiffs, fearchers, and comptrollers of the fearch, as by colle&ors of the (aid cuf-toms and fubfidies, comptrollers of the fame, furveyors of * Ed. i.c. iS. the cuftoms and fubfidies, and of the fearch-packers, or any other officers, or their deputies or fervants by their commandment, or any of them hereafter, may have thereupon a general writ of trefpafs againft fuch offenders, and every of them, according to the form of the law, and to recover againft them, and every of them thereof fo convidted, forty pounds;

(4)	and that the faid merchants, their fuccefiors, and every of them fo grieved as afore is faid,

(hall purfue the faid writ of trefpafs againft the faid offenders, and every of them for fuch injuries, diftreffes, arrefts, charges, and impofitions fo to be made as afore is faid, within two months next after fuch injuries, diftreffes, arrefts, charges and impofitions to be made by them, or any of them, as before is faid ; (5) and in cafe that the fiud merchants, their fuccefiors, or fome of them, do not purfue the (aid writ of trefpafs of fuch injuries, diftreffes, a refts, charges, and impofitions aforelaid againft the faid offenders, nor any of them, within the faid two months, that then it (hall be lawful to every other perfon of the King’s? liege people to purfue the fiud wnt of trdpafs of fuch injuries, diftreffes, arrefts, charges, and impofitions, to be made as is aforefaid, againft all fuch offenders, and every of them, according to the form of the law,

and

Digitized by

Google



304	Anno	vkefimo nom> Henrici VI. [1450#

and to recover againft them, & impositions affaires come and evenr of them thereof fo devaunt eft diteocountre toute convidt, forty pounds, the King tielx meffaifours k chefcim to have the one half, and he deux folonc la fourme de Icy or they which will purfue, the & a recoverer encountre ceui other naif.	k chefcun de ceux enli dent

convidtz xl, li/ le Roy davoir ent lune mokee & 11 on ile qi purfaer vorroiet ou vorroiont lautre moite.

Statutes made at Weftminfler, 29 Hen- VI. and Anno Dorn. 1450.

OUR fovereign lord King OSTRE foveraigne feig-Henry the Sixth after the X^l nur le Roy Henry puis conquejl, at hit parliament bolderi k conqpeftc fifme a fon parle-at Weftrainfter in the feafl ef meat tenuz a Wcftm* en le St. Leonard, the nine and twen- feft de Seint Lconard lan de fon tieth year of hit reign, by the ad- reigne vint novefene del advie vice and ajfent of the lords fpiri- k afleat des feignurs efpirituelx tual and temporal, and at the re- k temporelx & a la requeft des quejl of the commons in the fame communes en raefme le park-r parliament affembled, and bp the tnent aflemblez k par laudto* authority of the famey hath or- rite dicell ad ordeignez k efta-dained and Rablijbed divers ordi- bliez diverfes ordenaunces^5c nances and flatuses in the form eftatutz en la fourme qe ea-which followeth.	feute.

CAP. I.

John Cade attainted of treafon, and bis landsy tenement s9 &c. given to the King, and bis blood corrupt.

Ex adit. Raft

FIRST, Whereas the falfe traitor John Cade ^ naming himfelf John Mortimer, late named captain of Kent, the vii. day cf y»Af,thexxviH yearofthe reignofour faid fovereign lord the King at Southwark m the county of Surry^ and the ix. day of July, thO aforefaid year of the reign of our faid fovereign lord the King at Deptford and Rochejler in the county of JCmf, alfo at the town of Rochefier aforefaid, and elfewhere, the x. and xi.day of July theft next enfuing within the realm of England, falfely and traitoroufly imagined the King’s death, definition and fubverfion of this realm, in gathering and levying a great number of the King’s people, and them exciting to mafee infurre&ion againft the King talfely and traitoroufly in the places aforefaid, at the times before retited, againft the King’s royalty, crown, and his dignity, and there and then made and leviea war falfely and traitoroufly againft the King and his highnefs: and though he be jlead and mifehieved, yet by the law of the land not punhhed: our faid fovereign lord the King considering the premises, to put fuch -	traitors

?

■

Digitized by Google

$45°-] Anno vicefimo riono Henrici VI.	305

traitors in fear in time coming, and for faving of himfelf and of his realm, by advice of the lords fpiritual and temporal in the faid parliament aflembled, and it the requeft of his commons, hath ordained by the authority 6f the faid parliament,That he (hall be of thefe treafons attainted; and that by the fomfe authority he (hall forfeit to the King all his goods, lands, and tenements, rehts, and poffefiiofts, which he had the faid eight day of July, qr after, and his blood corrupt and difabled for evfcr, and to be called a falfe traitor within the faid realm for ever*

CAP. ll.

A confirmation,	the ft at tile of 2 Hen. V. flat. 1. c.

ordained againft them which break truces and fafe conduct and appointing conservators of the fame.

ITEM, It is ordained and ftablifhed, That the ftatute made Tn|ce the fecond year of the faid late Victorious arid noble King Safeconduftt, Henryjfather to our fovereign lord the Kirig that now is, of the breakers of truce and fafe conducts upon the main fea and other places, (hall be in his force and confirmed. Joining to the fame, that the chancellor of England for the time being, calling to him one of the chief juftices of the one bench or of the other, (hall have like power as the confervators and other coriuniffioners in the fame ftatute fpecified have: faYing* where it is contained in the fame ftatute, that if he or they, upon whom complaints (hall be made, do not appear of a certain time, as is there contained^ that then a Capias and exigent (hall be awarded againft him or them, upon whom fuch complaint is* made, as well to the fhe-» riff of the county, of the which they be fuppofed to be, as to the* fhcriff of the faid county, where the faid complaint (hall be made: it is ordained in this pfeient parliament, That he lhaH award a writ	-

pf Capias to the fheriff of every of the faid counties, command-ing him upon pain of a hundred pounds to make open proclamation in the five counties continually, that the party or parties, upon whom he hath complained (hall appear at a certain day contained in the fame writ, before the faid chancellor, if the complaint of the premiffes be made before him after the form contained in the faid ftatute., And if they appear not at the fame day, that then they (hall be attainted and convidt to the party fo complaining of the offences in the (aid complaint fpe* cifiea. And that the faid party complainant fhalhbe preferred to have execution before any feifin had for the King in this behalf, notwithftanding that they fo making default be attainted of treafon. And it is ordained, that no perfon, which appeareth upon any fuch complaint or writ to be awarded, (hall incur the pain againft our fovereign lord the King of treafon contained in the faid ftatute. Provided alfo, if any perfon, againft whom fuch writ or proclamation (hall be awarded, be out of this realm by feat of merchandife, or in the King’s fervice by his commandment, at the time of the ftrft proclamation made upon fuch writs, that then the fame perfon (hall not be indamaged bythis a<ft, fo that he appear pcrfonally before the King in his chancery Vo!. Ill,	X	within

' Digitized by Google

Anno vicefimo nono Hmftici Vi. £t4$&2

within a month next after his coming into thisrealm?to anfwerto fuch complaints. Provided alfo, That no owner, vidftiafef, Oof fetter forth of any (hip or veflcl, which (hall not be party to any filch offence, nor procurer, counfellor, nor abettor to the doing thereof, nor knowing nor willingly receiving nor taking any part of the goods fo robbed or fpoilea upon the fea, (hall be inaamaged by this a St. And that this ordinance fttaB begin and fhall be in his force the first day of this prefent prfrfiafnent and not before, and (hall endure by five years next enfmrig. And! that no charter of pardon hereafter to be granted fhall be allows able to any perfon or periods for any offences don* contrary to the faid ftatute*

CAP. IfL

Atl letters patents Ranted to the citizens efYoxk ft exempt them front certain offices\ fhall be void. The penalty of d citizen who JhaU purebafe fuch exemption*

ITEM, Whereas great inconveniencies and damages hsi* come now of hfie in the city of Y*riy and more in time ta come be like to happen, if provifion thereof be not had: foe that divers and certain perfons, citizens of the faid city, have purchafed >and gotten of our fovereign lord the King (Several letters patents, thereby to be exempted) of the ofitem arw oeda* pations of mayoralty, (heriff, chamberlain, coltedtor of tfifinte and quinzifmes, and citizen of the (aid city to com* to the pa** liaiftents of our fovefeighi lord the* King and hte herrswitfnn the ^: otir ^	King,	confidently	the	pie*

mifles by advice and afient aforefitid, hath ordained and ft** bHfhed, That aD fuch letters patents granted or to be granted to any perfon or perfons, now citizens of the (aid city, or which in time coming fhall be made, (hall be void, and of none eSt£t. And moreover,That if any citizen of the (aid city now being, or '	which	in time coming (hall be, do purchafe, admit, take, or get

any fuch letters patents, thereby to be exempt of any of the offices or occupations aforefoid, within the fame cityv (hall for-* feit forty pounds, the one half to our fovereign lord the King, and the other half to the mayor and citizene of the faid city and their lbcceffors. And that the mayor for the time being and his fucceffors may and might have and maintain an- 4&ion of debt, to demand the faid forty pounds againft every of the find perfon or perfons, purchafing, admitting, taking or getting fikrh letters patents of exemption, the one half of the ibid forty pounds fo recovered, to be to the ufe of our faid fovereigia lord the King and his heirs, and the other half of the find forty pounds to be to the ufe of the mayor of the faidf city for the time being, and of the citizens of the fame city and their fuc-ceffors. And that in fuch actions of debt hereafter to be pur-fued, the parties defendants in no wife fhall be admitted to their law.

Statutes

306

Digitized by

Got e

Anno triteftmo primp Hbnrxci VI.

jgoj

made at Reading, Anno 31 Hen. VI. and Anno bom. 1452.

AT the parliament holden at Reading the fixth da} <jf March, the one and thirtieth year of the reign of eur ltd King Henry the Sixth after the con-queji* the fame our lord the King* by the adtoice and a'ffint of the lords fpiritUal and temporal, and the commons being in the faidpar-linment, and by authority oftfj fame parliament, hath made, ordained, andJlabUfhed divers afls and jtatutes in the maimer and form following

Statutes

AU parlcment tenuz a Red ynglefifraejourdfe Mar-tJhe laiv dn r eigne nofire feig-nur le Roy Henry vjme puis le conqueft xxxjme mefme rtpftre feignur le Roy del advis & af-jieht de&r fcignura efpiritucJx Si ten^porelx Sc lez eoHmjuoes efieantz en le dit pirlement Sc oar auCtorite de fnefme lq par-* femerit fift ordeigner & effab-fier divers ordenaunces Sc efta-tutes en les maner & fourrae enfuantez.

CAP. L

John Cade fhall he adjudged a traitor, and all indiftmenti and aUs done by his authority fhall be void.

FIRST, Whereas* the moft abominable tyrant, horrible, £*edit. Raft, qdious, and errant falfe traitor John Cade, calling anct naming himfelf fometime Mortimer, iometime captain of Kent, which name, fame, aCb, and feats be to be removed out of the fpeech and mind of every faithful chriftian man perpetually: falfely, and traitoroufly purpofing and imagining the perpetual deftruCtion of the King's laid perfon, and final fubverfion Of this realm, taking upon him royal power, and gathering to him the King’s people in great number by falfe fubtil imagined language, and feditioufly made a ftirring, rebellion, and infur-reCtion under colour of jufticc for reformation of the laws of tho faid King, robbing, flaying, and fpoiling great part of his faithful people: our (aid fovereign lord the Sing, confidcring thef premifles, with many other which were more odious to remember, by advice and aflent of the lords aforefaid, and at the request of the faid commons, and by the authority aforefaid, hath ordained and ftablilhed. That the laid John Cade (hall be reputed, had, named, and declared a falfe traitor to our fovereign lord the King, that all his tyranny, aCts, feats, and falfe opinions (hall be voided, abated, adnulled, deftroyed, and put out of remembrance for ever. And that aD the indictments, and all thing* depending thereof, had and made under the power of tyranny, fhall belikewifcvoid, adnulled, abated, repealed, and holden for none. And that the blood of none of them be thereof defiled nor corrupted, but by the authority of the faid parliament clearly declared for ever. And that all indictments in tim* coming, in like cafe under power of tyranny, rebellion, and ftirring had, (hall be of no record nor effeCt, but void in law,

X*	And

Digitized by

Google

30?	Anno tricefimo primo Henrici Vi. [

And all the petitions delivered to the laid King in his laft parliament holden at Wejlminfler the fixth day of November, th« nine and twentieth year of his reign,' againft his mind by him not agreed, (hall be taken and put in oblivion out of tne remembrance undone, voided, adnulled, and deftroyed for ever, as a thing purpofed againft God and confcienee, and againft his royal eftate and preeminence, and alfo dilhonourable and un-reafonable.

4 Inft. t%. t Mod. 61.

Privy feal.

Chancellor of England.

Sheriff*

CAP. II.

The penalties for tbofe who /hall difobey the King's writsf &c. or not appear before bis council when warned by proclamation.

ITEM, Forafmuch as the King our fovereign lord before this time, upon certain fuggeftions and complaints made as well to him as to the lords of his council, upon divers perfons of this his realm, for great riots, extortions, oppreffions, and grievous offence by them done againft his peace and laws, to divers of his liege people, hath given in commandment, as well by his writs under his great feal, as by his letters of privy feal, to appear before him in his chancery, or before him and his council at certain days in the fame writs or letters contained, to anfwerto the premifles: which commandments be, and many times have been difobeyed, in contempt of the King our faia fovereign lord, and to the great hindrance, damage, and delay of his faid complainants in this behalf: our faid fovereign lord the King, coniidering the premifles, by the authority aforefaid, hath ordained, ena&ed,and ftabli(hed,That if any fuch writ or letters of privy feal hereafter directed to any perfon to appear before him or his council (as afore is faid) there to anfwer to any of the premifles, and then the fame perfon refufe to receive luch writ or letters, or them defpife, or abfent or withdraweth him-felf for this caufe, and come not, and keep not the day of appearance given to him by the faid writ or letters of privy feal, and that duly certified and known to his council, that then the chancellor of England., for the time being, (hall have power by the faid authority, to caufe a writ or writs of proclamation ro be dire&ed to the (heriff* pf the county, where the perfon lb re-fufing to receive fuch writs or letters, or them defpifing, or ab-* fenting or withdrawing him for this caufe, is dwelling or con-verfant, or into the county next adjoining, and to the fherifFs of . London for the time being, giving to the faid (heriffs feverally in commandment by himfelf, that they upon pain of forfeiture of two hundred pounds (hall make open proclamation in the (hire-town of the fame county, and in the faid city, by three feveral days immediately after the faid writ or writs (hail be to them de-* livered, that fuen perfon, to whom fuch writ or letters of privy feal (hall be directed as afore is rehearfed, (hall appear before the King’s council, or before the chancellor of England for the tim^ being, within a month next after the faid laft day of pro-

,	clamation:

Digitized by L,ooQle

1452*1 Anpo tricefimo primo Henrici VI.

dentation: and (hall return the faid writ nr writs of prdclama-tion before the King in his chancery within feven days after the faid third day of proclamation, upon the faid pain of two hundred pounds. And if he make default, and do not appear within the laid month, the faid writ or writs duly proclaimed in the (aid (hire-town and city, and the King's council truly certified of the faid proclamation in fuch form executed, that then if fuck perfon be of the (late of a lord, as a duke, marquis, earl, vif-count, or baron, he (hall lofe and forfeit all offices, fees, annuities, and other poflcffions that he or any man to his ufe hath of the gilt or grant of the King, or of any of his progenitor* made to him or any of his anceftors. And that then the faid fhancellor for the time being, (hall do to be made another writ or writs of proclamation, to be directed to the faid (heriftb of the faid counties and city for the time being, to make open proclamation and return of the fame writ or writs, upon the fame pain as afore is fpecified and ordained’ upon the faid firf^ writ of proclamation. And if he make default, and do not appear at the day to him limited by the faid lad writ or writs of proclamation, that then he (hall lofe and forfeit his eftate ind name of lord, and his place in the parliament. Provided, That the faid forfeiture of offices, fees, annuities, and other pofleffions, and alfo of the faid eftate and name of lord and place, (hall extend but only for term of life of him or of them, which by the authority of this alt (hall forfeit the faid offices, fees,’annuities, pofleffions, date, name, and place, or any of them, in the form aforefaid. And if any lord of the faia eftates of a duke* marquis, earl, vifoount, or baron, having nothing of the King's grant nor of his progenitors, do difobey (as afore) after the faid proclamation in manner and form aforelaid, made, returned and certified : then he (hall forfeit for term of his life to the King his name and eftate of lord and place in the parliament, and alfo gll the lapds and tenements which he hath or any other to his ufe hath, And that every other perfon under the date of a lord, having ljvelyhood, or to whofe ufe any other perfon or perfons have any Iivelyhood, if he appear not within the month after the proclamation made by virtue of the first writ or writs, he (hall make a fine after the difcretion of the two chief juftices of his bench, and of his common bench for the time being. And that every other perfon, buying no Iivelyhood, nor none other perfon to his ufe, fo making default, (hall be put out of the King's protection. Provided always,That if any of the King’s liege people, named in the faid writs or letters, be not within this his realm at the time of any of the faid wrjts delivered and returned, nor abfent him within the faid realm, and alfo if the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch writs of proclamatibn hereafter (hall be awarded, be fo grievoufly vexed or troubled by infirmity of fick-nefs, or otherwjfe, fuch perfons be imprifonea without fraud or male engine, or that they be fo feeble for age, that they may not labour in their proper perfons, fo that fuch dwelling out of lb? r$a}m* f$clj!$n$fs, or ficknefs, imprifonm^nt, and debility of

*3

Google



Digitized by

3* o

Attachment.

garden

Courts*

Anno txicefimo primo HENRiCl VI. [145*;

*ge be fufficiently and duly proved by juft and indifferent 'examination before the lords of the King^s council, they (hafl not be endamaged by this a<S. Provided alfo, That no matter determinable by the law of this realm, (hall be by the fame afifc determined in other form than after the courfeofthe fame law ?n the King's courts having detet^nination of the fame law. This a6t to begin and take effe& the first day of May, the two and thirtieth year of the jreign of the (aid King, of all difobof-ances to be made after the fame first day, and of no difobeiit-ances before this day made, and to cnaure for term of feyen years: and that this prefent a6f (hall be proclaimed by the ihe-riff of every county of his land ip every market tcWvfi within the feme county, before (he feaft of the nativity of Saint John Bap* tift in the (aid two and thirtieth year.

N	CAP.	III.

Attachments tn the taft and weft marches Jball he made in Cumberland, Weftmerland, Northumberland^ and the town of Newcaftle only.

ITEM, Foraftnuqh as the wardens of the marches adjoining to Scotland, called (he Eaft-marcH and the Weft-piarcn, have ufod by their minifters to make attachments, and to attach men by their bodies in the counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Weftmerland, and in the town ©f Newcaftle upon Tine, and in none other places, to anfwer to indictments taken in the pourts called warden courts of the faid marches* for attempts fuppofed to be done againft the virtue' of the truce within the faid counties and town : and now of late the minifters and officers of the faid coijrts, fometime for the Angular lucre, and feme-time for malice that they have borne to certain perfons, have attached and taken upon them daily to attach divers perfons well governed by their bodies, as well in the county of York as in other places out of any of the faid counties of Northumber-land, Cumberland, or Weftmerland, or the town of Newcaftle: our faid fovereign lord the King, confidering the premiffes, by the Authority aforclaid hath oniained and ftablifhed. That if any jninifter of any of the faid courts attach any perfon by his body or by his goods, out of any of the faid counties of Northumber•* •land, Cumberland, and Weftmerland, or the town of Newcaftle, to anfwer ih any of the faid courts, Qr by colour or caufe of any manner of, prefentment taken or to be taken in any of the faid courts, that it (ball be lawful to every perfon, which (hall happen fo to be attached, to make refinance, and pot to obey any fuch attachment. And if any perfon be endamaged or grieved .by any fuch attachment, he (ball have in this behalf an aCtion . of trefpafs or falfe imprifonment againft them which (hall make or do to be made hereafter aqy fuch attachment, and in the feme to recover treble damages, if in any of the actions the mat* ter pleaded pafs or be judged for the plaintiff in the fame. And fhe defendant to have two years imprifonment, and moreover

Digitized by LjOOQle

145*0 Anno trfoefimo ■primo H?nricj VI.	311

to pay to Ac King a hundred {hillings. And that the juftices of peace in their fefmns of the peace, (heriffs in their tum6, and jdfo ftewsrds of ieets ip their Ieets, by them to be holdcn, (ha# have power to enquire of ail fuch attachments made or to be made out of the /aid counties of 'IVeftmCumberland., or Repealed by Hntbumbtrkud,or the town of	NewtaJlU, and therein and upon 4 Jv. 1. c. 1.

the	Sane to do and proceed as they may do and proceed upon

presentments taken before them in their feflions of peace, turns, nr ieets, of trefpafs or of frays made again# the King’s peace.

CAP. IV.

The remedy for him who having a fafe canduS is robbed

upon	the	fea.

ITEM noftw dk foverayne T TEM our Sovereign lonf' feignur le Roy par au&orite A the King, by authority a-defiurait ad oideigne & eftablic forefaid hath ordained and efta-qe fr afcun de fezfobgiettz at- blifhed. That if any of his fub-tempt ouofiende fur k meer ou Jeffs attempt or offend upon *n afcun port dedeins le dk the fea, or in any port within aroialmc (bubz lobeifaunce du the faid realm, under the King’s ■Roy encountre afcun perfone obeifance, again# any perfon or ■ou perfanes eftranges efteantz perfons (hangers, being upon lfiir le men* ou en afcun port the fea, or any other port a*

(defuifdit per voye damyte liege forefaid by way of amity, league,

-ou treues ou par force du faux- or truce, or by force of the conduyt ou faufgardf du Roar King’s fafie conduct or fafe-en afcun manere & en efoedall guard in any wife, and efpe-en attachant dafeun rieleftraun* cially in attaching of any fuch

S perfone robbant ou defooil- ftrange perlon, robbing or fpoil-it de luy de nief ou afeuns ing of him, his (hip, or any gutres maners des biens ou en- otnermannerof goods,or again# countre afcun autre perfone de any other perfon of his liege peo-fon liege poeple le chaunceller pie; the chancellor of England dEngkterre pur Je temps efte- for the time being (as well for ant come pqr la deliveraunce the deliverance of any fuch per-dafeune tiel perfone iflint at- fon fo attached to be had, as to J Bulftr. at. tache deftre ewe et come pur make reftitution to every fuch By what reftitution affaire a chefcun tiel perfon fo robbed or fpoiled of ha^^'ed*1* perfone «nfi robbe ou difpoile (hip or goods, or of the value haring** de nief ou biens ou de la value thereof) (hall have authority, the King's #nt eit auftorite appellant a luy calling to him any of the juf- fafe conduft, afcun des juftices de lqne ou de rices of the one bench or of “ r°.bb?d "P* laptre bank for bille ou billes the othor, upon a bill or bills	^

du compleint fait a luy en ceft of complaint to him made in King's Tub* partie pur faire autiell procefle this behalf, to make fuch pro- jefts. hors de la dk chauncellarie fi- cefs out of the faid chancery, bien encountre toutz tielx of- as well again# all fuch offend-fendours a les amener en la ers, to bring them into the chauncerie du Roy illeoqes a King’s chancery, there to an-refpoundre as parties iflint gre- fwer to the parries fo grieved y$ef cn ceft partie come en- in this behalf, as again# any cowntre X *	other

Digitized by

Google



E<1* 4; c'“*"

I7B. s.c.|*-

• JiWWjft 4H.4*cl4-

Anno tricefimo pnmo Henrici VI.	[ 145*2*

other perfon or perfons to Mrhofe hands any (uch perfon fo attached, (hip or goods (hall come, as for the delivery and reftitution by thcm*tobe made of the fame perfon* (hip, and goods, as (hall feem to the feme chancellor mod expedient and neceflary. (2) And upon this procefs fo made out of the faid chancery, the faid chancellor further to proceed in this matter, if the cafe do fo require, by advice of any fuch juftice, to make the perfon and perfons ftrangers fo grieved to have full delivery and reftitution of any fuch perfon fo attached, and of all fuch (hips and goods, and alfoof all their cofts, expences, and lofles dif-buried and differed by them in this behalf, and thereupon to award all manner of execution out of the faid chancery, in fuch fort as (hall feem to the faid chancellor moft expedient and neceffary for fuch delivery and reftitution to be had, calling to him any fuch juftice as afore- is faid. This ad to begirt and take effed the first day of May, the two and thirtieth year of the faid King.

countre afeun autre perfone on perfones as quelx mains afcmi tiel perfone iffint attache nief" ou biens ferra ou ferroupt ve-nuz come pur deliveraunce tc reftitution par eux affaires dc mefaiez les perfone nief & biens come femblera a mefine le chaunceller ph*is expedient & neceflarie. £t fur telle procefle en(i feit hors de la dit chauo-cellarie le dit chaunceller plus avant a proceder en cell matter fi le cafe enfi requiert par advis dafeup tiel juftioe de feire la perfone & perfones eftranges iffint greves davoir pleyn deliveraunce & reftitution dafeun tiel perfone enfi attache et de toutz tielx niefs et biens et auffi de toutz leurs codes expen fes & deperdts faitz & fuf-frez par eux cn ceft partie et tout maner dexecution fur ceo de faire hors de la dit chaun-eerie en tiel fourme come fem-blera au dit chaunceller plus expedient & neceflarie pur tiel deliveraunce & reftitution def-tre euez appellant a luy afeun -tiel juftice come devant eft dit. Ceft a<fte a commencer & prendre effect le primer jour de Maij lan du dit Roy xxxij.

p. v.

No cuftomer, comptroller, &c. Jhall have any eftate certain in

bis office.

ITEM, Whereas it was ordained by a Jiatute made in the time of King Richard the Second, That no fearcher, gauger of wines, aulneger, finder *, weigher, collector of cuftoms and fubfidies, or comptroller, Jhall have ejlate in his office for term of life, or for term of yearj, but that the faid offices Jhall remain under the government of the trea-fureg, of England fetr the time J	.	being-.

ITEM qe come eftoit or-deigne par leftatute fait en le temps du Roy Richard fecund qe null fercheour gauge-our vel vvne aulnour tronour poifour cofie<ftour des cuftumes & fubfidies ou countrollour a-veroit eftate en fon office pur terme de vie qu terme des ans mes qe Je$ ditz officez demur-roient defoubz la govemaunce du treforer dEngfeterre pur ie temps

Digitized by C^ooQle

.1452.3 Anno triceGmo primoH^MRici VI.

(temps efteant auxi cftoit ordeig- being; (2) and where it was or* nc par leftatut fait en temps dained by the ftatute made in the jdu Roy Henry le quart qe time of King Henry the Fourth, launage de drops deins ceft That the aulnage of cloths within roialme poet eftre commis a this trealm may be committed to ferine ou en approvement fo- ferm* or its approvement, accord-looc ladvy? du treforer dEn- ing to the direction of the trees* gleterre pur le temps efteant furer of England for the time come en les ditz eftatutez plus being* at in the faidftatutes more plainement foit declare unqore fully is declared; (3) yet that not-ceo nient obftant diverfez per- withjlanding divers perfons have . fones ont opteignez lettres pa- obtained the King's letters patents rentes du Roy des ditz offices be of the faid offices and aulnage> aulnage afeuns pur terme de fome for term of life, and feme yie be afcuas pur terme des ans for term of years, to the great au graunde prejudice du Roy prejudice of the King, and of his	\

' be du people be encountre lez people, and contrary to the faii ditz eftatutez. Noftre dit feig- Jlatutes: (4) Our faid lord the /iur le Roy confiderant les pre*- Kingconlidering the premises, mifles ad ordeigne par audio- hath ordained by the authority rite defuifdit qe toutz lettres aforefaid, That all letters pa-patentes faitz dafeun des ditz tents made of any of the laid /offices ou aunage al afeun per- offices or aulnage to any per-fone encountre leffedles de les foo, againft the effedl of the	y

ditz eftatutez foient voides & faid ftatutes, (hall be void, and de null force. Et qe nqllz let- of no force; (5) and that no Dyer, 303. tres patentes dafeun des ditz letters patents of any of the Hob. *1+, /offices ou aunage foient faitz faid offices, or aulnage, (hall en apres mes par garrant de be made hereafter, but by war-bille enfeale par le treforer rant of bill fealed by the trea-dEngleterre pur le temps efte- furer pf England for the time ant envoiez par luy en la being, fent by him into the chauncellarie come il ad efte chancery, as it hath been ac- ' accuftume devaunt ceft temps, cuftomed before this time.

Et qe toutz lettres patentes	II. And that all letters pa-4 fait. m.

iaitz ou affaires en apres des tents made, or to be made No cuftome* ditz offices ou aulnage par au- hereafter, of the faid offices or comptroller, tre garraunt qe par bille du aulnage, by other warrant than fe^her?&c. treforer foient voidez be de null by bill of the treafurer, (hall be (hall have any effect. Purveu • toutz foitz qe void, and of no effedt. (2) Pro^ sftate or cer-ceft a<fte nextende pas ne foit vided always. That this adt prejudicial! ne damageous a (hall not extend, nor be pre-otfacc# noftre foveravn dame la Roigne judicial nor hurtful to our fo-je prince le due de Buk’ as en- vereign lady the Queen, the heriters de Henry jades due de prince, the auke of Buckingham,

Warr’ ne as maire & commi- to the inheriters of Henry late nalte de Loundres ne as les duke of Warwick, qor to the maire bailiffs be comminalte de mayor and commonalty of .	;

cite de Wyncheftre come a ^f- fondoq* nor to the mayor, cune graunte ou grauntes dimife bailiffs, and commonalty or the eqdimifes del aulnage ou afeun city of Wmchejler, as to any graunte-	grant

Digitized by

Google

1*4

14 It.*, e.vo. 17 R.*« c. 5. I H#4-» c.i j.

Anno trioeCmoprioK) Htnua VL I1452.

-grantor grants, demifetjrde-

enifes of the aulnage, or any rgnwt or grants of any fum or jams of money of the form of *th* aulnage, to them granted, made, or confirmed, nor to -any comptroller having any offices out of the King’s ports, «ior to Jehu Ptnycvk eiquire^ nor So 'GSyhs Stinclo efquire, nor to any of the KingY or Queen’s houthoWiervants, of any grant air grants of any office or offices *0 them made before ehit time, with the foes and wages of old time doe and aocuf-

Scrate on grauntee dafoon one ou femmes 4e snooty del forme del aulnage a con* gnmntea fakz ou eoafcrrtft ne a null oountndler font af-■cunes offices bore du paries du Roy ne a Johan Fcnycok efcprier a Gyles Sdndo dyw ne a afoan des menial! for-vaootes do Roy ne forvaunte* -du Roigne dafoun grannie on mantes dafoun office 00 offices fait a ooux dewmrit <A temps ove ics fees & gages db lanaoien temps du*fc « accuf*

tUUCK.

tomed.

CAP. VI.

The ftatute of 20 Hen. VL c. 2. touching the forfeiture cf them which be outlawed in the county <y Lancaster, made perpetual

Ex edit. Raft. TTEM, Whereas at the parliament holden stt Woftubftor the JL twentieth year of the King that now is, it was orikunad by %	authority of the fame parliament, Tbatao pcrfon of the King's

liege people, againft whom any Expend (hall be awarded or outlawry pronounced at the King’s fuit, or at the fuit of the party Outlawry. in time to come in the county of LancafUry fhall forfeit any of his goods or chattels, lands or tenements in any other county, but all only the goods or chattels, lands and tenements, whigh the perfons fo outlawed, or they againft whom fuch Exigmd ftudj Owinty of be awarded in the faid county of Lancofter, have in the feme lancaftcr. county. And by reafon of any fach outlawry at the Kmc'e fuit, or at the fuit of any other pcrfon pronounced within the faid county of Lancaflfr^ he (hall not be forebarred nor difabled of any manner of action, nor to claim any manner of inheritance out of the fame county, nor difabled to purfue any manner of a&ion out of the fame county, notwithilanding fuch outlawry againft him pronounced, as in the faid ftatute more fully ap-peareth : which ftatute is now expired, becaufe it was ordained to endure but for feven years then next enfuing, which ftatute was profitable and necefTary to the King’s liege people : our (aid fovereign lord the King, confidering the premifles, by advice and a (Tent of the lords fpiritual and temporal in the faid parliament aflembled, and at the requeft of the faid commons, and by the authority of the fame parliament, hath ordained and eftablifhed, '“That the faid late ftatute (hall be in his force and virttie, taking Repealed by effedt and force at the laft day of Martha the thirtieth year of S3 h.6. c. a. bis rcjgn an(j from that day to gndyre for ever,

Digitized by Google

CAP*

Anno	VI.	315

CAP. VII.

jfiets,	wdges,and rewards due to the Kings officers,

be cmprikd Within the ftatuleof refkmption made in the eight and twentieth year tf the Kings reign.

IT EM, Whereas in the parliament holden at JVefimmfer the Refumption.

fixth day of	November,the xxviij.' year of	the reign of our

fbvereign lord the in the aft of refumption, among other things it was ordained -and eftahlilhed, by the authority of the fame parliament. That it pleafeth him to>take, refume, (eife, and retain in his hands andpofleilion all honours, cattles, feigniories, towns, villages, manors, lands, tenements, rents, reverfions, svaftes, fees, feeferms and Cervices, with all theirappurtenances tn England, Wales, and in the marches of the lame, Ireland, iSuyen, Calms, and the marches of the lame, which thefaid King had granted by his letters patents, or in any other manner fince the nrft day bi his reign: and that all manner of grants of rents Charges or annuities made by him of the eftate of inheritance -for term of life or for term of years to any perfon or perfons, to be taken of any of the premises, or of his cuftoms or iubfidies pr aulnage, or of the hamper, or to or in his receipt, or other?

-wife or in any pther place or any of them, or of the profits,coming of them or any of them, within bis realm of England, Ireland, or Wales, Guyen, Calais, and in the inarches of .the kune,

{hall be void and of none effect as in the faid aft of reiumptioa more fully is declared. And fbrafinuch as doubt and ambiguity is nad, what fees, rewards, -wages, profits, and other niings, belonging and of old time pertaining to thefe offices in the times of his noble progenitors, {hall be refumed, retained, in the King’s hands or void by virtue of file faid aft or not: for a,certain and full declaration thereof, our lovereign lord the King, at the requeft of his laid commons, by the authority aforefaid, hath ordained, That the faid aft and ordinance of refumption (hall not be prejudicial to any of his officers, of any fees, wages, rewards, or profits due or pertaining to fuch officers as were the fir It day of his reign or before, becaufc of fuch offices or occupations. And that the faid fees, wages, rewards, and profits, (hall not be comprifed within the faid aft of resumption at the time of the making of the lame aft, nor after, nor within any other aft or ordinance made in his faid parliament: but that all fuch wages, fees, rewards and profits (nail be and remain to all and every fuch offices and occupation, as they were the firfl day of his reign or before, any aft of refumption, ftatute, ordinance or provifion, or any other aft made to the contrary, or any doubt or ambiguity in the (ame contained not-withftanding.

*\AP,

Digitized by

Google

Anno triccfimo primo Henrici Vi.	[145*,

C A P. VIII.

A confirmation of a fubfidy of wool, woolfels, and cloth tranfported, granted by a fiatute ordained 31 Hen. VI, not printed.	# v

ITEM, Whereas in the faid parliament commenced at Reading the fixth day of March, the xxxj. year of the faid King, and adjourned to fvejlminfter till the xiiij. day of February, a fubfidy called poundage, wafc granted to the faid King, that is to fay, of all manner of merchandife of eveiy merchant denizen and aJien^ as well of merchants of Hanfe anq Almaine, as of any other merchant alien, carried out of this realm, or brought into the fame by way of merchandife, of the value of every xxs. xiid. to have to him at the third day of April next coming for term of his life natural, with a certain exception in the fame grant fpecified, by force of which aft the King’s fubjefts merchants denizens of this realm, (hall be chargeable to pay to the King xii d; of the value of xx s. of all their woolen cloths palling out of the fame, after the faid third day of Aprils which (hall be to them very great importable charge, and impoverilhment of a great part of Vthe poor people of this realm, and peradventure caufeof reft raint and impediment of utterance of all manner of woolen cloths made within the fame: which (hall caufe by procefs of time few cloths to be made in the faid realm : and thereupon great idlenefs amongft his jpoor liege people, and a mean of de-ftruftion of his navy, and (nail caufe the wools to be of left value, to the great deftruftion of the growers of the fame. And moreover in'the faid parliament, the faid vj. day of March, a certain fubfidy of wools and woolfels was granted to the King, that is to fay, of every merchant denizen for the fubfidy of every fack of wool xiiij. s. iiij. d. and of every CC. xl. woolfels xiiij. s. iiij. d. to have to him for term of his life natural, at the third day of April, as in the aft of the grant thereof made in the fame parliament more folly appeareth : wherefore the poor fubjefts merchants of the ftaple of Calais, (hall be compelled after the faid third day of Aprtl, to pay to the King of every fack of wool and of every CC. xl, woolfels X. s. more byway of fubfidy than they have been accuftomedto pay in any days ot the reign of the faid King: which charge being to them importable, is likely to be the Caufe that they (hall not be of power to buy or (hip any great quantity of wools of this realm, to be had to the faid ftaple, whereof (hall enfue very exceflive diminution and decreafe of ?he price and value of wools and woolfels of this realm, and of the great annual revenues of the cuftojns and fubfidies, which (hould grow to the King of the (hipping pf fuch wools and woolfels, and to the abating of the payment of wages of the fol-diers intending upon the fafeguard ot the town and marches of Calais, and alio the poor growers of wools of this realm greatly impoveriflied. Our faid fovereign lord the King will by the authority afqrefeid? Tl^t svpry m?rchant d^ni^cn^ his liege map

fcorp

Poundage*

Digitized by C^ooQle

i+52*] Anno tricefimo pritno H^nrici VI.	317

bom within this his realm, which (hall (hip or carry any wools or woolfels to the ftaple of Calais > or by the (freights of Marrock% Staple of by the King’s licence for fuch wools and woolfels fo (hipped Calai,> and carried to the faid ftaple, or by the faid (freights, (hall be *quit and difcharged of the faid x. s. parcel of the laid fubfidy of xl. iij.s. iiij.d. granted to the King in this faid parliament of every (ack of wool, and of every CC. xl. woolfels at the faid third day of Aprils fpccified in the faid grant, by the fpace of five years then next entiling. And alfo that every merchant denizen (hall be quit and not chargeable, by virtue of the faid grant of fubfidy of xii. d. of the value of every xxs. of all manner of woolen cloths, by then* or aiw of them to be had out of this realm, to any parts beyond the lea, at the faid third day, by the fpace of three years then next enfuing.

CAP, IX.

i A remedy for a woman inforced to be bound by ftatute or

obligation.

IT E M qe come en touz TTE M, IVhereas in all part} \ Inft.

parties de ceft roialme dy- A of this realm divers people of vers gens de poair moevez de great power y moved with unfa-infatiable covetyfe encountre liable covetoufnefty againjl all tout droit gentilnes verite he rights humanity, integrity, and. bone confcienpe ont labores & good confcieme, nave fought and ’troveznovelx inventions &eux found new inventions, and them afleduoufment executes a leu- continually do execute, to the dan-dauhgeraunce trouble & ma- ger> trouble y and great abufmg of vailx traiter de toutz damez all ladies, gentlewomen, and other gentilx femmes & autres fern- women foie, having any fubjlance mes efteantz foulz eiantz af- of lands^ tenements9 or other move-cune fubftaunce des terres te- able goods within this realm, per-nementes ou autres moebles ceiving their rreat weaknefs and biens deins ceft dit reame en- fimplicity, will tale them by forces tendauntz la graunte innocen- or otherwife come to themfjeeming cie Sc (imples de eux voillent . to be their great friends^ promifmg prendre ceux par force ou au- them their faithful friendships trement veinent a eux refem- and fo by great aifftmulation^ or blauntez eftre lour trefgraun- otherwife^ get them into their pof-dez amis promettantz eux leur fefJion9 conveying them into Juch foiall amite et iffint par graun- places where the faid offenders be de diflimilation ou autrement of moft power \ (2) and when gaignent eux en lour pofleflion any women by fuch means, or by * conveiauntz eux en autielx any other means be in their go-lieux ou lez ditz meffeifours vernment, the faid evil difpofed fount de pluis poiar et qant af- perfon or perfons will not fuffer cuns femmes par tielx moiens them to go at large, and be at ou par afeune autre moien font their liberty, until that they will en leur govemaunce la dit ma- bind themfelves to the faid offend-. vailx diipofe perfone ou per- ers, or other perfon or perjons to \ fones ne voillent fuffrer eux their ufey in great fums> by obliga-

daler	tion

Digitized by

3i$	Afflo tricefeno prinrto HsffiilCi VL £143*.

tun or ohBgatmt,,at well'Jiwpli drier a_largee* eftre a teur li-as conditional* or by obligation^ or. beitee iufqes a c« qe els voit* obUmtiom of fiaM*~mtrthaub> lent obligor ceux a lei dit* modi bifort a mayor or bailiff* mcflaHbors ou autfce pedbne having power to taka Jmbrtcog•. op petfoods a Ibur ocps eta nifances.	grbundes femmes par. obfiga*

IL AUb they wiU matiytimos lion ou? obtBgafetoxu fibion fynu* oompd tom' toi l/t married by pies come cgo^tictoebt os pat them, contrary to their Mm lei- obligation ou obtoriatjc*** ddtai-tHgSy or ethertuife they, will levy, tuts mcDchauat met dtvaunt tie (aidJam or fumt on, their maice op bailiff eiant poiar a lands-Ota geedt,and put- their prendre tieix roooni&untx. perfon or per font in danger, to Auxi, multz. fonzilsvoilkar their great damage, which h, compel! er eux defire nantt been, and is tike to bean uniyerfal par qux comrade a lour propre prejudice to the law of holy chmrth, (retires ou autrement ils voil-and the kridof thit realm, mUfslent fi»i*e fever la dit fboemRou due remedy thereupon be provided,	fpwmes de lour terres & bieos

(2)	Our faid lord the tCiQ£>	& dendaunger lour gerfonc ou

confidering the premiffes, ha|h	perfbnes a reur1 trefgraunde cp-

ordained and eftablitiied; by	ipage qe ad eftfe & eft fetnbRr-

authority of this prefent par-	We eftre unrverfill prejudice al

A remedy for liament. That in all fuch cafes	ley del eglife la' fey de ceft

a woman that aforefaid, the party bound may	roialtne founz ceo qe due re*

wainTlrer	have a writ out' of the chan-	medie fur ceo foit jrnrveu.

mil to be	eery, containing all the matter	Nbftre dit feignur le Roy con-

bound by	of their unreafenable intreaty,	tiderant les premifiez ad or-

ftatufeorob- dire&ed to the fheriff of the	deigne & eftaDlie par lau&orite

igation.	county whereany fuch offences	de ceft prefent parlement qe eh

were to done, or after fhall be	toutz ttebc cares defuifditz k

done, commanding him, that	partie oblige poet avoir brief

he, by force of this writ, make	nprs del chauncerie conteig-

proclamation in the foil coun-	nant tout la matter de leur de-

ty, and in the next counts	refonable erttraiter diredl al

court after the receipt of the	vifeount del counte ou afeuns

feld writ, that the perfon or	tieix offenfes feurent enfi feitz

perfons contained in the fold	ou en apres ferrount faitz corn-

writ fhall appear at a certain	maundant luy qe il par force

day and place prefixed in the	de cell brief nice proclamation

faid writ, before the chancellor	en le plein counte en le prof-

of England for the time being,	chein counte puis la refeeipt de

or otherwife before the juftices	le dit brief qe la perfone ou ,

of aflife in the counties where	perfones conteignuz en le dit

the faid offences were done, or	brief appierge ou appiergent as

elfe before fome other notable	certeinz jour & lieu prefixez

perfon to be ailigned by the	enle dit brief devaunt lechaun-

chancellor of England, for tire	celler dEnglcterre pur le temps

time being ; (3) at the which	efteant ou autrement devaunt

day and place, if the faid par-	les juftices dez affife en !ez ditz !

ties appear, that then the faid	counteez ou les ditz offenfes I

chancellor of England> juftice, forent faitz- ou autrement de-. |

or '>	vauntij

Digitized by LjC ae

%

t45*-1 Anna trfeetffoa prt»a Hnnticx Vt.

Vaunt afcml autre notable per- ot other perfen fo to be afligfti

m

fone daffigner par la chaUneel-ler dEngrcterre pur te temp* efteant as qpcpx jour & Beu fl fees' ditz parriez appierent qe lors le dit chatraceller juffice OU autre per lone enfi dafflgnier par le dit chauneeBer pur: te temps efteant par vrirtue dd ceflf ordenaunce face exaridnrir duement les dit* parties far teftez premiflez par queB exa* mmatiom fils potent trover hr dit obligation on obligations otr afeun de eux eftre faitz ticl-meftt come defais eft dit qe donqe la dit obligation on obligations & tout procefle & ex-ecution fuez ou a purfuers fur Ceo forent voider fc de null effect. Et fil foit trove par examination devaunt eux qe la dit obligation ou obligations ou afeune de eux furent faitz ou fatont trovez faitz pur verraie duete & per null ticl moien come devaunt eft dit qe donqe la dit obligation ou obligations Is tout le procefle It execution fuez ou a purfuers fur ceo ef-toifent bonefzr & eflfedtuelx. Et fil enfi (bit qe la perfone ou per* fones en tielx briefs nommoe Ou a nommers eocountre qel ou qelx afeun tielx briefs ena* pres ferront fuez facent ou face defaulte a lez jour Sc lieu limi* tez en mefme le brief ou briefs qe adonqe* toutz tiel obligation ou obligations come foient de* vaunt efpecifiez & en le dit brief ou briefs expreflez & tout manor procefle Sc execution fuez ou a purfuers fur ceo foient voidez et qe le vifcount ou vifeountes a queux tiel brief ou briefs fur akt ordenaunce en apres deftre conceups ferra ou ferront diredles face executer lez ditz briefs accordaunt al tenure diceux fur peine de troi9 centz

ed by the chancellor for the time bring, by virtue of tbit ordinance, (hall duly examine the faid parties upon the pro* miffts ; (4) by which exaert*-nation, if they can find/ the find obligation or obligations,	*

or any of them, fo to be made as is aforefiridj that then the faid obligation or obligations, and aH procefs and execution filed, or to be purfaerf thereupon, fhall be woid, and of n* ' forte nor effod. (5) And if it be found by examination be* fore them, that the faid obligation or obligations, or anV of them, were made, or (hall be found to be made; for a true duty, and by no fach means as afore is faid, that # then the faid obligation or ob^ ligations^ and all the procefs and execution filed, or to be profited thereupon, fhall ftand good and effe&uah (6) And 11 it be fo that the perfon or perfons in fuch writs named, or to be named, againft whom any fuch letters or writs here- ♦ after (hall be fned, make default at the day and place limited in the fame writ or writs, that then all fuch obligation or obligations as be before fpecU fied and declared, and in the faid writ or writs exprefled. declared, and fpccified, and all manner of procefs and execution fued, or to be fued thereupon, (hall be void, and of no force nor effect j (7) and that The forfeiture the faid fherifF or fheriffs, to of the fheriff whom fuch writ or writs upon JJ^ch this ordinance hereafter com-menced, fhmtt be directed, fhall writ of pro. execute the faid writs accord- clamatkm. ing to the tenour of the fame, upon pain of three hundred pounds, whereof our fovereign 6	lord

Digitized by

Google

]29

Anno tricefuno tcrrio HtNKiCf VI. [145^

lord the King to have the one half, and the other half to the party which (hall foe the faid writ of proclamation. (8) And that the faid party lb grieved may have an aCtion of debt in every fuch cafe againft the faid ihenff, for the half of the laid three hundred pounds fo forfeit, with procefs of outlawry* (9) And that the party or parties defendants in any luch aCtion hereafter to be purfued againft any (heriff or (heriffs, fhall alledge no protection, nor ihall wage his law, npr (hall be received tp make or plead any foreign plea, to be tried in any other place than there where the laid writ grounded • upon this ftatute is fued.

ccntz liverez dount le Roy noftro loverayn feignur davoir lune moite & lautre moitc a la partie qe fuera le dit brief de proclamation. Et qe la dit partie iflint greve poiet avoir action de dette en chefcun tiel cas encountre le dit vifeount pur la moitee dez ditz trois ccntz liverez iflint forfaitz ove precede del utlagarie. Et qe la partie ou parties defendantz en afeun tiel aCtion de cy en ajpres encountre afeun vifeount ou vilcountez a purluers allegera null protection ne gaigera fa ley ne lerra refeeu affaire ou pleder afeun forein plee deftre trie en afeun autre lieu qe la le fuifdit brief foundu fur cell or-denaunce eft fuez.

Statutes made at Weflminfter, Anno 33 Hen. Vf.

and Anno D 1455.

HENRY by Grace tf God King of England and France, and lord of Ireland, the fixth after the conqueft, at his parliament holden at Weftmin-fter the ninth day of July, the three and thirtieth year of his reigny by the advice and ajjent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons of his realm of England, being in the fame parliament, and by authority of the fame parliament, made and ordained certain ordinances and fta-tides, for the common wealth of the fame realmy in the form following.

HENRICUS Dei gratia Rex Anglic & Frande & do minus Hibemte poft con-queftum fextus ad parliament turn fuum apud Weftm* non* die Julii anno regni fui tricefi-mo tertio tentum de arifamen* to & aflenfu dominorum fpiri* tualium Sc temporalum ac communitatis regm fa* Anglic in eodem parliament* exiften-tium nec non auCtoritate ejuf-dem parliament! quedam or-dinationcs & ftatuta pro com-muni utilitate ejufdem regni fieri & ftabiliri fecit & ordina-vit in forma fequenti.

CAP. I.

A remedy for executors againft fervants that embezzle their mafter9s goods after lots death.

3	Inft. 104.	THIRST, ourforefaid lord the TN primis prefatus dominus

7 * King) confining^ how that A Rex confidcrans quahter ’ ’ #	.	Of	Jam-

Digitized by

1455-] Anno tricefimo

jampridem divcrfi fervicnfes fa-miliarcs tarn dominorum quam aliarum perfonarum boni gra-dus cito port mortem diclorum dominorum &maeidrOrum fu-orum bona que iuerunt ipfo-rum dominorum & magiftro-rum tempore mortis eorundem violenter & riotofe ceperunt difpoliaverunt & ea inter fe diftribuerunt in executions voluntatis didlorum dominorum & magiftrorum fuorum impedimentum ac gravem Dei difplicentiam nec non contra fidem & veritatem quas ipfi penes dominos Sc magidros fuos habere debuiilent exem-plumque impofterum valde pc-riculofum nifi debitum in ea J>arte provideatur remedium. Quamobrem idem dominus Rex de avifamento aflenfu Sc au&oritate predict is ordinavit & ftabilivit quod pod plenam informationem cancellario Anglic pro tempore exidenti per executores aliquorum hujuf-modi dominorum five perfone aut duos eorundem executo-rum fa&am de aliqua hujuf-modi riota captura & difpolia-tione firdtis aut impoderum fa-ciendis per famifiares fervien-tcs didh tedatoris fui pod mortem fuam idem cancellarius de avifamento capitalium jufticia-riorum de banco ipfius domini regis & de communi banco ac capitalis baronis fcaccarii pro tempore exidentis aut duorum eorum habeat potedatem faci-endi tot & talia brevia dirigen-da talibus vicecomitibus per eorum difcretionem quot & qualia eis in ea parte videbun-tur neceflaria ad faciend pub-Jicam proclamationem in talibus civitatibus burgis five vil-lis duobus diebus mercatoriis infra duodecim dies prox’ pod Vol. III.	de-

tertio Henrici VI*

32*

of late time divers hotifhold-fer-	'

vants, as well of lords, as of other perfons of good degree, Jhortly after the death of their faid lords and majlers, violently and riotoujly have taken and fpoiled the goods which were of their faid lords and majlers at the time of their deaths and the fame dijlrikuted among ft them, to the impediment of the execution of the will of their faid lords and majlers, and to the great difpleofure of God, end alfo contrary to the duty and truth which they ought to have had towards their faid lords and majlers, and to a perilous example in time to come, unlefs due remedy in this behalf be provided. (2) Wherefore the fame lord the King* by the advice, affent, and authority aforefaid, hath ordained and edablidied, That after full information made fo the chancellor of England for the time being, by the executors of any fuch lord or perfon, or two of the faid executors, of fuch riot, taking, and fpoil made, or hereafter to be made, by the houihold-fervants of their or his faid tedator after his death, the fame chancellor, by the advice of the chief judices of the King’s bench, and of the com- a remedy for mon bench, and chief baron of the executors the exchequer for the time be- againft a fer-ing, or two of them, (hall have Xon, who power to make fo many, and embezzled his fuch writs, to be diredted to matter's goods fuch (heriffs by their diferetion, his to them in this behalf (hall death* feem neccffary, to make open proclamation in fuch cities, boroughs, towns, or places, two market-days within twelve dap next after the delivery of the fame writs, to the fame chancellor, by the advice aforefaid, (hall feem reafonable,That the faid offenders (hall appear Y	be-

Digitized by

Google

32*

Annotriccfxmo fertio HEnrioi VI. t*459

before the fame our lord the King, or his heirs, in his bench, at fuch a day as by the faid writ (hall be limited, fo that the (aid lad proclamation be made by fifteen days before the fame day of. appearance ;

(3)	and if any fuch writ be returned at the day contained in the faid writ, and the writ be executed, that proclamation is thereupon had and made according to the faid ordinance, and then if the foid perfon or perfons, which fhould appear by reafon of the faid proclamation, make default at the day fpecified in the faid writ, and do not appear, then he or they fo making default (hall be attainted of felony.

IL And if any fuch perfons or perfon do appear at the fame day, then the juftices of the laid King’s bench (hall have power, by the faid ordinance, to commit fuch perfon or perfons, fo appearing, to prifon, there to remain according to the faid juftices diferetion, until the faid offenders in the faid bench do anfwer to the faid executors in fuch adions,which the faid executors will declare againft them, or any of them, by bill or by writ, for the riot, taking, ana fpoiling aforefaid, and that the fame adions be determined ; (2) fo that the fame actions be purfued with effed, and not Hackly, to the intent to keep the fame perfo * or perfons in prilbn.

A gaoler’* III. And if fuch perfons or forfeiture for perfon be fet at liberty out of fetting at Ji- prifon by the faid juftices, that then the fame perfons or per-to hit cuitody fo" fhall find fytfident perions by force of to be bounden with them to this (tatine. the faid executors, by way of recognifance in the faid bench,

by

dclibcrationein eorimdem bre-vium quibus eidem cancellario de avifamento predi&o videbi-tur rationabile quod didi ma-lefadores compareant coram ipfo domino Rege feu heredi-bus fuis in banco fuo ad talem diem qualis per didum breve crit limitatus fic quod dida ultima proclamatio per quinde-cim dies ante eundetn diem apparitionis fiat. Et fi aliquod Uujufinodi breve retomatum fit ad diem in eodem brevi con-tentum & breve fit executum quod proclamatio fuperinde ha-bita ot fada ordinationi pre-dide concordans cxiftat et tunc fi dide perfone vel perfona que comparerent vel corapareret ra-tione dide proclamationis ad diem in dido brevi fpecificatutn defaltam faciant vel faciat & non compareant vel non com-pareat ipfe vel ipfa defaltam fic focientes vel faciens lint vel fit attind’ de felonia*

Et fi hujuimodi perfone vel perfona ad talem dies compareant vel compareat tunc jufti-ciarii de dido banco domini Regis habeant poteftatem per ordinationem predidam com-mittendi talem perfonam vd perfonas Ik comparentem vd eomparentes prifone ibidem juxta difcretionem didorum jufticiariorum moratur’ quouf-que didi malefadores in banco predido prefatis executoribus refpondeant in talibus adioni-bus quales didi executores ver-fus ipfos leu aliquem ipforum per billam vel par breve pro riots captura & difpoliatione predidis declarare volunt et quod eedem adiones lint determinate ita quod adiones predide profequantur cum ef-redu & non remifle ea intentions ad didas perfonas vel 2	per-

Digitized by

Google

m

I455-1	Anno tricclkno oertiaHfiNRici VI.

by difcretion of the juftices, to pcrfonam in perfona cuftodi-keep fuch days as he or they end*. Et fi hujufmodi perfone vel fhall hare by the feme court; perfona extra prifonam per die-(a) and if the keepers of the tosjufticiariosfuerint vel fuerit prifon, whereunto the faid per- ©latgat* quod tunc eedem per-ton or perfons be committed, fane vel perfona inveniant vel do let them go at large out of inveniat fufficientes perfonas fe-the prifon of his ovrn author)- cum oMigandas prefatis execu-ty, without the confideration torihus per viam recognitionis and order^of the faid Juftices, in dido banco per diferetio-then the faid keeper mall for- nem juftitiariorum ad cuflodi-fmandlofe forty [four hundred] ,end’ tales dies quales ipfavd pounds to the faid executors; -ipfe habebit vel hthebunt per (3) and that no protection be eandem curiam. Etficuftodes allowed in any adion to be prifone ubi didc perfone vel taken upon the find ordinance, perfona commiu&nturvel cooin

mittetur ipfas extra prifonam audoritate fua propria abfque confideratione & ordinatione dic-torrnn jufticiariorum elargaverint tunc didus cuftos quadringen-tas libras prefatis executoribus fbrisfaciat & perdatet quod nul-*la protedio in aliqua adione fuper ordinatione prodida capienda allocetur.

CAP. II.

Jurors in an in&Bmtnt in the county palatine of Lancafter.

\ Of a foreigner dwelling in another county.

ITEM pro eo quod humiles TTEM, hecaufe that the hum- a reh#**rfai of &fideles ligei&fubditi Regii X hie andfaitmul liege people rf the ftatuteof infracomitat umpalatinumLan- the King, bis jubjefis inhabiting soH. 6. c.*.& caftrie mhabkantes fervitium within the county paktine of ban- **	6-	c

domino Regi impeofuri font & carter, to do the Kingferviu be ^chbe out-cundis teznporibus fuerunt pa - and at all times were ready, and lawed in the * rati ac etiatn fibi & progenito- have done to him and his progeni- county of ribus foie impenderunt tam in tors* as well in the realm off. ng-	^1

.regno Anglie qutm in Scotia land, as in the realm of Scot--Francia hi aliis paitibus ac fub land, France, and other parts* goods that leg?bus Rqgiis gubemati & non and have been governed by the they have in per eafoem oliter quam alii li- King's laws* and not damnified by other coun-gei Regii extra didum comitar ibe fame* otherwife than other ofXlt** turn in regno predido inhabi- the Kings liege people inhabiting tantes dampiuficati quoufque in the realm of England, out of jamnovkerper quondam adum the fame county, until now of late adultimumparliainentiiinapud by a certain fiatute at the lafi par- 3*. J/aufe. Redyng tentntn extiterit ordi- liament holdenat Reading, it was Sit *3 H.6-natum quad nulle perfone li- ordained and eftablijbed* That noni c'7' ******* georum dididomini Regis con- of the King's liege people, againfi tra quas aliquod exigendum ef- whom any exigent Jbouldbtaward-fet adjudicatum aut utlagaria ed* or outlagary pronounced at the pronunciata ad fedam Re- fitit of the King or of the party in gis vel ad fedam partis in the (aid county* Jbould forfeit any dicto comitatu forisfaccrent ali- goods or chattels* lands or tene-

qua Y 2	meats

Digitized by

Google

/

Anno tricefimo tcrtio Hbnrigi VI. [1455-

fnents in any county, hut only the goods a'hd chattels, lands and tenements, which the perfons fo out-lowed, or they againjl whom any jutb exigent in thefaiacounty Jhouid be awarded, have in the fame county of Lancafter, and by rea-fon of any fuch outlagary at the fiat of the King, or at the finitef the party, pronounced within the fame county, Jhouid not be barred or difabled of any manner ofaftion, nor to clam dny manner inheritance out of the fame county, not-withftandmg any outlawry againjl them pronounced, as in the fame aft doth more plainly appear. >

IL And by reafon of the fame aft, if any foreigner Jhouid come into the feud county palatine, and < Jhouid flay any of the liege jseople of our lord the King, or Jhouid commit any treafon, murder, rape, robberyi or cther felony or trefpafs, or make any contra ft, or do any other offence within the faid coun-'	’	ty	of Lancafter, that then he

Jhouid have no other puni/kment :	'	nor forfeiture in this behalf, but

only of fuch goods which fuch foreigners, doing and committing Jiith horrible offences, have within the faid county palatine, which for the mojl part have nothing within theJame county 5 for which The iiiconve.	eaufe the/aidforeign knowing

niencie* enfu-	tit	peril, norlofs of

ing by the laid goods in the law, to refrain or ref-train them of fuch treafons, mur-31 H. 6. c 6. jer$^ andfelonies, fo the more encouraged daily to commit the fame within the faid county, and giveth them audacity daily to offend a-gainft the laws of the King, his croivn and dignity, and alfo in ref-traint of the King's laws, to the great lofs and final deflruftion cf the jaid liege people andJubjefts in the faid county palatine. (2) Where-, fore the forefaid lord the King fconfidering th« premises, by * the

qua bona five catalla terras & tenementa in aliquo alio com*-tatu fet folummodo bona & catalla terras & tenementa que perfone fic utlagate aut ipfc contra quas hujufmodi exigent}’ adjudtearentur in dicto comita-tu habent in eodem comitatu Lancaftrie ac fatione aticujus . hujufmodi udagane ad feetam Regis & ad fectafci alicujus al-terius perfone pronunciate infra eundent comitatum non ef-fent barrate neque inhabilitate de quacunque actione deque ad damand’qttafcnrtunquehcred*-tatem extra eundein comitatum nec inhabilitate ad profequend* quameunque actionem [neque aid clamand’ qualemcunquehe-reditatem extra eundem comitatum necinhabilitatead profe-quend* quameunque a&ionem extra eundem comitatum] non obftante hujufmodi utlagarbt contra ipfas pronunci&ta prout in eodem acftf plenius apparct.

Ac ratione ejufdem actual aliquis fori n fee us in dictum comitatum palatinum veniret Sc aliquemligeorum domini Regis interficeret aut aiiter aliquam proditionem murdrum rapmtfi Yoberiam feu aliquamaliam fe-lontam*fiv^tran%reffionem per-petfaret five atiquem contract-urn faceret vel aliquam ali-am offenfam cotimtitteret infra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie quod tunc ipfe mrtlam aliam punitionem neque forisfeetu-ram in hac paite haberet nifi folummodo de hujufmodi bo^ nis due hujufmodi fbrinfeci tales horribiles offerifas perpe-trantes & committenteS infra dictum comitatum palatinum habent qui pro majori parte nichil infra eundem comitatum habent qua'de caufa dictis for-infecis fcientibus nulhim peri* culum

Digitized by v^ooQle

*455-1	Anno tricefimo tcrtio Henrici VI, 325,

cufom punitionem neque de- the advice, aflent, and authori-perditum bonorum in lege .ad ty aforefaid, hath willed, grant-. refrenandum five reftringen- ed, and eftablUhed, That the A repeal of dum ipfos de. huju&nodi pro*- ad before rehearfed and made the aforeftid ditionibus murdris & feloniis at the faid laft parliament bold- *ktwtc# eos talia perpetrare infra die- en at Readings (hall be adnull-tum comitatum ctufat & indies ed, void, and Hand in no forces audaciam prefect contra leges (3) And further, for the con-coronam & dignitatem Regias fervation, tranquillity, quiet* in ea parte ac etiam in rcftric- ne&, ahd peace qf all his liege tione legum dicti domini Regis people, as well within the faid ad grave dampnum ac finalem county palatine, as of other his deftnictionem dictorum fubdi- liege people out of the faid torum nec non hgcorum inco- 'county within the realm of mitatu palatino predkto. Qua- England, the fame lord the propter prefatus dominus Rex King, by authority aforefaid, premifla confiderans de avifa- hath granted, ordained, and roento aflenfu & auctoritate fiabliihed, That eycryindidr predictis voluit concdfit ordi- ment hereafter to be taken be-ruvit & flabilivit quod dictus fore any of the King's jufticee actus fuperius recitatus & ad in the faid county palatine of dictum ultimum parliameptam LanuiJier, or before any (heriff apud Redyng editus atlnulle- in his tourn in the laid county, tur vacuetur & nullius vigoris whereby any perfon or perfons exiftat. Et ulterius pro confer- be fuppofed by the fame in-vatione tranquillitate quiete & didment to be or to have been pace omnium ligoorum fuorum inhabiting or converfant out of tam infra dictum comitatum the faid county of Lanccftcr^ and palatioum quam aliorum lige- within any other county with-ofum fuorum extra comitatum in the realm of England, (hall prediction infra regnum Anglic be taken and had by the vtrdid idem dominus Rex auctoritate of twelve men, whereof every predicta concefiit ordinavit & of them, or fome other per-ftabilivit quod quodlibet indie- fon or perfons to their ufe, tamentum tempore future ca- within the fomecounty of Lan-piendum coram aliquo juftiti- ca/Ur, (hall have to the yearly ario dicti domini Regis infra value of an hundred (hillings, dictum oomitatum platinum (4) And no procefs (hall be Of what ellate Lancaftrie aut coram aliquo made out of any foch indid-thofciurort vicccomite in turno fuo in co- ment, before it be duly ^n^u*r*Sall i^’id in mitatu predicto per quod aliqua ed and examined before thethe county of perfona vel perfone foppofit’ King’s jufticcs within the faid Lancafter a

per idem indictamentum efle county of Lancajter for the time foreigner

vel furfle inhabitan! five con- being, whether the faid in- ^thcr^coun*-verfan! extra dictum comitatum didors, and every of them, at^10 Lancaftrie 6c infra aliquem ali- the time of fuch indidment fo * um comitatum infra regnum taken, had laAdsandteneiptnts Anglic capietur & »habebitur within the faid county of Lan-per vercdictumdnodecim viro- cajlertothz yearly value of an rum* quolibet eorum labente hundred (hillings above, all £0719 & tenements avtt aliqua ■ charges. (5) And if it. be

alia Y 3	found

Digitized by

Google

Anno tricefimo tertio Henkici VI. [1455.

Of what eftate thofc jurors miift be, who (hall indift in smother countv any perfon dwelling in the county of Laacafter.

found by examination of the faid juftices for the time being within the faid county* that the faid indi&ors, and every of them* at the time of fuch in* dictment, fo taken, had not lands and tenements to the yearly value aforefaid, that then the lame indictments, as to fuch perfons fo indicted fup-pofed by the laid indictments to be inhabiting and conver-fant out of the laid county of Lanatfter^ (hall be void and of no effect. (6) And alfo the fame lord the King, of the advice and authority aforefaid, hath granted, ordained, and eftablilhed, That every indictment from henceforth to be taken within any county of the faid realm, and out of the laid county of LamaJIcr, before any juftice, or the IherifF in his toum, whereby any perfon or perfons fappofed by the lame indictment to be or to have been conver&nt or inhabiting within the faid county of Lan-fafter, and without fuch county where fuch indictments (hall happen to be taken, lhali be taken by verdict of twelve men, ^hereof every of them, or feme other perfon or perfons to their foe, (hall have lands and tenements within the lame county where the faid indictments (hall be taken, to the yearly value of an hundred (hillings. (7) And that no procefs be made out of any fuch indictments before it be duly examined and inquired before the King’s juftices, having power to award any procefs upon fuch indict* meats, whether the faid in-dictors, and every of them, at the time of fuch indictments taken, or any other perfon or perfons to their foe, had any lands

alia perfona ret perfonis ad eo-rum ufum infra eundem co-mitatum Lancaftrie ad annuum valorem centum fohdoruen. Et null us proceffus bet extra ali-quod hujufmodi indict amentum antequam debite inquira-tur it examinetur coram jufti-tiariis dicti dotnini Regis infra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie pro tempore exiftentibus utrum predicti indictatores & eorum quilibet tempore hujufmodi in-dictamenti terri9 it tenement* infra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie ad annuum valorem centum folidorum ultra omnia onera habuerunt & habuk. Et fi invematur per examinati-onem dictorum juftitiariorura pro tempore exmentium infra dictum comitatum quod indie-tatores predicti it eorum quilibet tempore hujufmodi indic-tamenti fic capti terras & tenements ad annuum taloresn fupradictum non haboeruat quod tunc idem indictamcntum quoad hujufmodi perforata vei perfonas fic indicon* fiippofit* per dicta iadictamenta die inhabitant’ vel oonvcx&nt’ extra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie vacuum it nuUms effectus ex-iftat. Ac etiam idem dominus Rex de avifiuaento it ametori-tate predietis vohiit oenoeffit oidiuavit it ftabilivit quod quodlibet indictamentum tempore future capiendum infra aliquem comitatum dicti regni fui & extra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie coram aliquo julU-tiario vel vicecomite in tumo fuoper quod aliqua perfona vel perioqe foppofit9 par idem indictamentum die vel fuifib in-habitan’ vel convertin' infra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie it extra talem oomitatum fori hujufmodi indfotamenta capi

con-

Digitized by v^ooqLc

1455-1 Anno tricefimo tertio Henrici VI.

327

contigerint capietur per vere-dtetum duodecim virorum quo-libet eorum habente terras U tenement* aut aliqua alia per-fona vel perfonrs ad eorum u-fom infra eundem comitatum ubi indictamenta predicta ca-piuntur ad annuum valorem centum folidorum. Et quod nullus proceflus fiet extra ali-qiia hujufmodi indictamenta antequam debite examinetur & inquiratur coram juftitiariis ip-flus domini Regis habentibus poteftatem adjudicandialiquem proceflum fuper hujufmodi in-, dictamenta utrum inejictatores predicti & eorum quilibet tempore hujufmodi indictamento-

lands or tenements to the yearly value of an hundred (hilling* within the fame county, above all charges, where fuch indictments happen to be taken. (8) And if it be found before our . lord the King, or any of his juftices, that the faid indictors, or any of them, had not at the time of fuch indictments taken, nor that none other to their ufe had, lands and tenements to the value of an hundred (hillings by year, that then the faid indictment, as to any fuch perfon or perfons fuppofed by the fame indictment to be or to have been inhabiting *or con-verfanr within the faid county of Lancafter, (hall be void and of no effect.

rum captorum habqerunt terras & tenements aut aliqua alia perfona vel perfone adeorum ufum ad annuum valorem centum (blidorum infra eundem comitatum ultra omnia onera ubi hujufmodi indictamenta capi contingent. Et (i iqveniatur coram domino Rege vel coram aliquo juftitiariorum fuorurp quod dicti indictatores aut aliquis ipforum tempore hujufmodi indictamenti (ic capti noil habue-runt vel non habuit nec aliquis ad eorum ufum habuit terras & tenementa ad valorem centum folidorum per annum quod tunc indictamcntum prcdictum quoad aliquam hujufmodi aliam perfonam vel perfonas fuppofit’ per hujufmodi indicta-' pient* efle vel fuifle inhabitant’ five converfant* infra dictum comitatum Lancaftrie vacuum & nullius effectus exiftat.

C AP. III.

A remedy forfeveral extortions committed by the officers of tie

exchequer.	Exchequer.

ITEM, whereas divers officers in the King’s exchequer, do take wages and fees of the King, for themfelves and their clerks, for execution of their offices in the faid exchequer, that notwithftanding the faid officers and their clerks do take of (he-* riffs, efcheators,and all other accomptants in the faid exchequer, great and exceffive gifts, fees and rewards, for execution of theif offices, againft all reafon and confidence; and will not execute their offices for delivering of the faid accomptants, till they have fuch exceffive fees, gifts and rewards, which caufcth (heriffs, efchcators, and other accomptants to take by extortion exceffive fees, gifts, and rewards of the King’s liege people in the counties where their offices be, to the great damage and deftfudtion of all the faid accomptants, and all the people aforefaid. And Extortion* whereas it doth pertain to divers officers in the faid exchequer, by reafon of the fees and wages, which they take of the King to

y ^	enter)()

3*8

Anno tricefimo ccrtap Henrici VI; f H55+

enter pleas, as well betwixt the King and the party, as betwixt party and party, and pardons, writs of allowance, judgments* and other entries, without fees, gifts, or rewards; and the fame officers and every of them notwithstanding their laid fees and* wages, will not enter any plea, though it contain but half a roll* extent they for the faid entry have xxvj. (hillings, viij. pence* xx. millings* or xiij. (hillings, iiii. pence at the lead, and for the .entry of allowance or every pardon and writ, which they or any . of them do enter, of whatfoever (hortnefs that it bexs. Ana moreover, the chief clerk of every of the faid officers taketh for his labour, as well of every of the faid parties accomptants* as amounted* to the third part of that, that his mafter did take* which gifts and rewards of fome accomptants amounteth to the futn of twenty marks, of fome ten pound, and ten marks at the lead, to the great damage, oppreffion, and undoing of the faid people. And alfo whereas divers fpecial com millions be dire<5fc-ed to divers judiees of peace, and alfo to other in every county of England^ tor the deliverance of felons and other cai fes, by virtue of which commiffions the judiees fo affigned, fometime do fit and deliver fclops, and fometime fuch commillion is not de? livered. And that- notwitfiffending, fome of the faid officers*, by virtue of their offices will make didrefs againd fuch commif-iioners, returnable at a certain day, to return their commiilion with all iffues forfeit* to be returned, at which day though fome of the faid commiffioners do appeared for their excufe do make an oath (as the law will) that they have fitten and delivered the prifoner* according to the form of the commiffiop, or otherwife, that no fuch commiffion came to their hands, ir> which cafe they be in the law ejifeharged, yet this notwithdanding the faid officers will write new didrefles againd the faid commiffioners to didrain them: and fo infinitely, till the (aid commiffioners have made a fine at their will. Our faid fovereign lord the King confidering the premises, at the aflent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and at the fpecial requed of the faid commons, and by authority of this parliament, hath ordajned and ftablilhed, Tnat every officer of the faid exchequer, which taketh any fees or wages of the King for execution of his office, (hall deliver all the accomptants in the faid exchequer, in that that to his office appertained*, in a convenient time. And that they nor none of them, nor none of their clerks, take any

Sifts, fees, rewards, promife of furety for any thing, which they tall do in their faid office for any accomptants, except the faid. fees and wages which he taketh of the King for the execution of his office. Saving always. That evciy of the faid officers, to whom it pertained* by reafon of hi? office to enter pleas, pardons, writs of allowance, and judgments, may take, tor the enuring of the pica, pardon, writ, record, or judgment, that contained* half a roll, according to the length and breadth of old times, ufed in the faid exchequer, two (hillings, and no more. And for the feme pica, writ, pardon, record, orjudgment, that contained* a whole roll, iv. fhillings and no more. And for the

feme

Digitized by Google

329

*435.] Anno triccfimo tertioHENRici VI.

fame plea, pardon,'writ, record, or judgment, which coiftaineth lets tbui half a roll, *x. pence. And for the fame plea, pardon, writ, record, or judgment, which containeth more, after the rate and quantity. And that none of the faid officers, nor their clerks, take any fees nor wages, nor other profit, of any collectors of difmes or qtunfvneu granted or hereafter to be granted to our fovereign lord the King. And that fuch officers in the faid exchequer, which have power to wrjte by reafon of their offices, diftrefles againft the King’s juftices of peace, or any other com-miffioners, to bring their eftreats, they nor none ot their clerks^-after that that the- faid juftices or commifiioners (hall make due excufe (as before is rehearfed) or bring into the court their eftreats, (hall make no new diftrefsnor other procefs againft the faid juftices or commifiioners, which fo have excufcd them, or brought in their eftreats. And if any of the faid officers, or any of their clerks, do contrary to any of the articles afore rehearfed, that then they, and every of them (hall lofe xx. li. as often as they (hall be found thereof defeftive, and our faid fovereign lord the King (hall have the one half of the faidxx. li. fo forfeit, and fuch perfon or perfons that will purfue, the other half. And the fame fuit (hall be taken, holden and determined by a&ion of debt before the barons of the faid exchequer, or elfe before the juftices of the common bench, againft any officers or clerks of the faid exchequer, that doth or taketh contrary to die faid ordinance, any privilege or cuftom of the faid exchequer notwithftanding. And that the fame procefs be had in this action before the faid juftices, as is had in anadion of debt upon an obligation at the common law j except that none officer, which hath any office in inheritance, in fee, be excluded in the faid exchequer to take the fees, which of old times were lawfully due and pertaining to his office, and no more. Saving always.

That the faid officers of our fovereign lord the King, and their clerks may take a reafonable reward for their fearches and co^ pies made by them in the faid exchequer of any record, at the fuit of any of the King’s liege people, notwithftanding the faid ordinance. Neverthelefs the King would. That by advice of his council fuch dire&ion be taken in this behalf betwixt this time and the feaft of St. Michael nextenfuing, as (hall feem reafonable. And otherwife the faid ordinance (hall (land in his ftrength for term of v. years.

CAP. IV.

No perfon brewing ale or beer in Kent to be fold, fhall, du~ ring five years, make above an hundred quarters of malt to bis own ufe.

ITEM, our faid fovereign lord the King, of the advice of the Brewers in faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the requeft of the faid Kent, commons, and alfo by authority of this parliament, hath ordained and eftablifhed. That no perfon that in the county-of Kent (hall commonly brew any ale or beer tofellr (hall make nor do to be made any malt in his houfe, or in any other place to his

own

Digitized by

Google

$ys	'	Anno	tricfefimo	tertioHENRici VI. [1455.

own life at his cofts and expences, above <an C. quarters in the year, upon pain to forfeit x. li. every year in which he fo vnaketh or doth to be made above the faid hundred quarters, the one half to our foverdgn lord the King, and the other half to him or them which in this behalf Witt purfue. And, Thatthefaid ordinance take effedt the first day of June next coating, and lhall endure for five years then next enfaing.

CAP.V.

No wrought Jilk belonging to the	of filkwomen Jhall

be brought into this realm -by the way of mercbandife, du» ring five years.

Silk-women.

Girdels.

Lombard.

London.

ITEM, whereas it is (hewed to our fovereign lord the King in his faid parliament, by the grievous complaint of the filk-women and fpinners of the mvltery and occupation of filk-working, within the city of Lomony how that divers Lombards and other ft rangers, imagining to deftroy the faid myftery, and all fuch virtuous occupations of women in the faid realm, to enrich themfelves, and to encreafi? them and fuch occupations in other ftrange lands, have brought and daily go about to bring Into the laid realm fuch (ilk fo made, wrought, twined, ribbands, and chains falfly and deceitfully wrought, all manner girdels and other things concerning the faid myftery and occupation, in no manner wife bringing any good filk unwrought, as they ,were wont to bring heretofore, to the final deftrudtion of the faid myfteriesand occupations, unlefs it be the more haftily remedied by the King’s Majesty. For reformation whereof the feme our fovereign lord the King, bythe authority aforefeid, will and hath ordained and eftablimed, That if any Lombard, or any other perfon ftranger or denizen, bring or caufe to be brought by way of fnerchandife any wrought filk,twined ribbands and chains, girdels of filk, or any other thing touching and concerning the myftery of filk-women (girdels which come from Genoa only except) into any port or place of the faid realm from beyond the fea, That the fame wrought filk, twined ribbands, chains, girdels, and other things fo brought and wrought concerning the fame myfleries, (hah be forfeit, Alfo, That every Lombard, and other ftranger and denizen, which doth contrary to this ordinance, as often as he fo doth, (hall forfeit twenty pounds, the one half thereof to be levied and had to the ufe and expences of the King’s houfc, and the other half to that perfon that will fue for the feme. And that it fhal! be lawful fo every of the King’s liege people, to have and maintain an a&ion or actions of debt at every time, as well for the fame forfeiture of twenty pounds, as for .the thing fo forfeit, and the fame procefe. to lie tnerein as in an a<5tion of debt at the common law: in

Which fuit no protection nor efloin (hall be allowed. And, That the mayor of the faid city for the time being, (hall have authority to aflign ii. iii. or iv. men of the fame city fufficient and credible perfons, by their diferetion to fwear upon a book to make due fcarch within the fame city and the liberty of the fame, as

often

/(google

Digitized by *

*455*1 Aflna triccfimo certkx Henkici VL

often as (h*U feem expedient, of *U things bad or done contrary to the premiifes, and thereof to make due relation to the mayor and aldermen of the faid city for the time being for a more full information to the King and him that will porfue. And,That the laid ordinance begin to takehis ftrength and effect at the feaft of ctafter next enfuing, and (hall endure for five years then next following.

CAP. VI.

Certain privileges granted to the abbot of Fountain in the county of York.

ITEM, whereas in thefaid parliament it was lamentably (hewed by the abbot and covent of the monaftery of our lady of Fontains in the county of York, of that that whereas they and their predeceffors of no little time againft confcience have been grievoufly dilturbed and vexed without caufe by feigned actions, and daily be in divers courts, wapentakes and other court barons, to the number of xx. and above, within the (aid county of York, and the county of Cumberland, and in the county of the city of Yorky within which counties the fubflance of the pofleffions of the faid monaftery lieth, as well by the procuracy and excitation of the bailiffs, ftewards, and officers of the faid courts, and al-fe the farmers of the faid courts, wapentakes, and court barons, for their Angular lucre and profit, as by other malicious and evil difpofed perfons, complaining againft the fame abbot, and covent, feigning and affirming in divers of their courts, wapentakes, and court barons, at fome one court CCC. feveral plaints or more: and though the common law of England require, that every perfon filed for *ny caufe, in which fuit he ought to be admitted to wage his law, that fuch perfon fo fued fhould wage his law by his fufiicient attorney having authority thereunto: and this notwitbftanding the predecefiors of the faid now abbot and other abbots and priors in the faid counties, might in no wife be received by fuch bailifs, ftewards, and officers, to wage their law by their attomies in ftjch courts and wapentakes till for the fame grief and complaint had in this party by authority of the parliament it was ordained that all abbots, and priors, and other religious of England, and their fucceffors, in fuch cafes by their general attomies or attorney m every hundred or wapentake within the realm of England, every of them under their common feal, feverally (hould plead in fuch courts fuch pleas as in the law were pleadable and allowable. And, That every bailiff and (toward for the time being within the faid courts, (hould receive fuch attomies without amercing any fuch abbots, priors, and religious or any of them, upon pain of forfeiture of x. li. Yet this notwithftanding when the faid abbot by his attorney (hould wage his law in th? frid plaints in fuch feveral courts, then the faid bailiffs, ftewards, and officers, oftentimes for their Angular lucre, and by covin had betwixt them and the faid malicious people affirming the faid plaints, have prefixed to thd faid abbot a day to do his law in every 6f Jhc (aid feveral courts

33*

and

Digitized by

Ex edit PuK 4. tmV. 76.

A pra&ite of contentious attornic*, to

Anno triccfimo terrio Henrici VI.	[ 1455.

and wapentakes together at one day and atfeveral places* every place being fo far from other, that the laid abbot in no wile might appearand come to do his law in his proper perfon, as the law requireth: and fo he by fuchcaufe in divers courts and wapentakes was often in the {aid plaints condemned, and in divers of the fame amerced, fome year in an hundred marks, and fome year more, and at the leaf! in xl. li. where neither bylaw new by conference any caufe of adbon^as had: which labours, cofts, and vexations of likelihood fhould continue and increafe to the importable damage of the faid houfe, and of the abbot and covent aforefaid, unlefs fome gracious remedy in this behalf be provided in this faid parliament for the faid monaftery: our faid fovereign lord the King, confidering the premiffes, of the advice, aflent and authority aforefaid, hath granted, ordained* and eftabli(bed, That the fame abbot, and his fucceflors, a-gainft whom any quarrel or plaint is or hereafter (hall be taken or attempted in any of the faid courts or wapentakes, may wage their law by their attorney or attornies of the matters contained or to be contained in every fuch plaint, where the law per-r mitteth them foto do. And, That they (their law fo waged) may do their law by a monk of the fame place, with other perfons with him to the number of fix perfons, or othenyifeby lome other perfon affigned or deputy by the abbot of the (aid houfe for the time being, under the common feal of the (aid monaftery of Fontaim, with fix perfons with him, to do the faid law for the abbot of the faid houf«f Aqd, That the bailiffs, ftewards and offers of the faid wapentakes and courts for the time being* Ih^Il admit, permit, and receive the faid laws to be done in the form aforefaid, And, That all the faid laws fo waged aqd done be as effectual pnd of fuch ftrength in the law, as it the fame gbbot or his fucceflors had done the fam^ in their proper perfons after the courfe pf the common Jaw. Apd moreover by authority aforefajd hath ordained. That if any bailiff, fteward, or officer of the faid courts or wapentakes, will not admit fuch law to be done jn the form aforefaid, or elfe in any wife do difobey or do not obferve the intent of the premiffes of his behalf before re* hearfed to be done, or omit or of his behalf do contrary to any of the premiffes, then the fame bailiff, fteward, or officer fo offending, for every time that h$ (hall happen to do contrary in any of the premiffes before rehearfed of his behalf tp be done, fhall forfeit xx. li. And every perfon in this cafe willing to pur-fije, may have a writ of debt, and declare upon the faid ordinance, and he (hall have for his labour th£ ppe half of the fame xx. li. and the King tfie other half.

CAP. VII.

How many attornies may be in Norfolk, bow many in Suffolk, and in Norwich.

ITEM, Whereas of time not long part within the city of Ner~ lu'uh, and the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk^ there were no more but fix or eight attornies at the molt, coming to the King’s

courts*

Digitized by C^ooQle

i^55'1 Anno tricefimo tcrtio Henrici VL.	333

courts, in which time great tranquility reigned in the faid city fertfl counties, little trouble or vexatfpn wa^ made by untrue and foreign fults. (2^ And now fo it is, that in the laid city v and counties there be fourfcore attomies or more, the more part of them having no other thing to live upon, but only hfe gain by the pra&ice of attomeylhip: and alfo the more part of them not being of fufficient knowledge to be an attorney, (^)ftirupfuit*fbr which come to every fair, market, and other places, where is their private any aflemMyof people, exhorting, procuring, moving and in-Fattening the people to attempt untrue and foreign fiiits for fmall trefpafles, little offences, and fmall fums of debt, whofe actions he triable and determinable in court-barons, (4) whereby proceed many fuits more of evil will and malice, than of truth of the thing; to the manifold vexations and no little damage of the inhabitants of the faid city and counties* and all to the perpetual diminution of all the court-barons in the faid counties, unlefc convenient remedy be provided in this behalf. (5) The fore-T11*** ^altoe faid lord the King confidering the premifles, by the advice, af- monat^r^ica fent and authority aforefaid, hath ordained and ftablilhed, That in Norfolk"fix at all times from henceforth there (hall be but fix common at-in Suffolk,and tornies in the faid county of Norfolk, and fix common attomies two in Nor-in the laid county of Suffolk, and two common attomies in thew,cb* faid city of Norwich, to be attomies in the courts of record, (6) and that all the faid fourteen attomies (hall be eleft and admitted by the two chief jufticis of our lord the King for the time being, of the mod fufficient and belt inftru&ed by their difereti- v ons. (7) And, That the election and admiffion of all attomies which (hall be ele&ed and admitted by the faid juftices for the time being, above the faid number in the faid counties, (hall be void and of no authority nor record. (8) And if any perfon or juices of perfons ufurp or prefume to be attorney in courts of record in peace (ball the faid counties or city otherwife than before is fpedfied, and naveauthority that found by inquifition taken before the juftices of peace in	°*

the faid city or'counties (which (hall have power by virtue The fbrfei-of this ordinance to enquire thereof in their feffions) or in any rare of ot‘-other manner lawfully proved. That then he or they that fo fendera-prefume, if they be thereof lawfully convidt, (hall forfeit twenty pound as often as he or they be fo convidt, the one half thereof to be taken to the King’s ufe, and the other half to his ufe which for the fame will fue. (9) And he that thereof will fue;

(hall have an action of debt againft any fuch perfon which fo pre-fumeth to be attorney, (10) and fuch proccfs for recovery of the fame, as lieth in an action of debt at the common law upon an obligation. (11) Provided always, That the faid ordinance Qu* V '** */<• begin and first take effedt at the feaft of Eafier next coming and not before, if thefame ordinance feem reasonable to the jultices.

Statute

Google

334	Aniio	triccfimo nano Henrici VI. '[*4$*.

Statutes made at Weftminfter> Anno 39 Hen. VI. and Anno Dom. 1460.,

TO the honour of almighty God, and the reverence §f holy cheercb, far to nourifh peace, unity, and concord in all parts within this realm {/'England, and for the rehef and fomentation of our lord the King, and of this bis realm,the fame our jovertign lord King Henry the Sixth otter the conqueft, at his high court of Parliament holden at Weftminflser upon the feventh day of the month of October, the nine and thirtieth year of Us noble and gracious reigtti by the advice and ajfent of his lords Jpbritual and temporal, and at the Jpened re~ quefl of the commons of his fold realm, aJfembUd in the fame parBa-enent, and by the authority of the fame parliament, hath ordmtui theft things underwritten.

CAP. I.

fThe parliament holden at Coventry, 20 die Novembris, Anno 37 Hen. VI. repealed, and all a£ls,ftatules, &c. made by authority of the fame, rever fed.

T7IRST, Whereas it hath been fhewed to the King our P21iiajikcnft/	fovereign lord by his liege and faithful commons in this

prefeat parliament, that divers fedhious and evil difpofod ptr-lons, having no regard to the dread of God, bar to the damage of the profperous eftate of our faid fovereign lord the King, aor his realm, finifterly and importunely did labour to the faid King to fummon a parliament to be holden at his city of Coventry, the xx. day of the month of November, the xxxviij. year of his noble reign, only to deftroy certain of the great nobles faithful and lawful lords and eftates of the King’s blood, and other ef the faithful liege people of the faid realm of England, for the

Srreat rumour, hatred, sad malice, which the (aid fedidous per-ons of lone time have had againft then: and of their greedy and infatiable covetoufhcfs to have the lands, hereditaments, pofleffions, offices, and goods of die faid lords and faithful liege peopfe: by which finifter labour certain ads, ftatutes, and ordinances, againft all good faith and confidence, in the faid parliament were made finally to deftroy the laid lawful lords, eftates, and liege people and their iffues, as well innocents as other and their heirs for ever: which parliament was unduly fummoned, and a great part of the knights for divers counties of this realm and many burgefies and citizens for divers boroughs and cities in the fame appearing, were named, returned, and accepted, fome of them without due and free eleAion, feme of them without any ele&ion, againft the coucfe of the King's laws and the liberties of the commons of this realm, by the means and labours of the faid feditious peribns, whereby many great jeopardies, enormities, and inconveniencies, well nigh to the ruin, decay, and univerfal fubverfion of the faid realm, have en-fued: our laid fovereign lord the King, confidcring the pre-

miffes.

Digitized by L^ooQle

i}61:]	'	Amo	primo	Edwardi IV.	335

uiifles, and that the faid lords, eftates, and other his liege people, againft whom the (aid adts, ftatutes and ordinances were made, have always had great and faithful love to the preferment and furety of the King's perfon, according to their duty : and that few ot the ads made in the faid parliament, holden at Coventry, were made: for the weal of the King nor of his laid realm, but the greater part of the ads, ftatutes, and ordinances there made, were laboured by the confpiracy, procurement, and excitation of the hid evildifpoied perfons, for the introduction and accomplilhment of their rancour and inordinate cove-tife, by the advice and aftent of the lords fpiritual and tempo* poral, and at the cequeft of the faid commons, in the (aid parliament aftembled, and by the fame authority, hath ordained and ftabliihed, That the (aid parliament holden at the (aid city of Coventry be void, and holden for no parliament, And^ That all a&s, ftatutes and ordinances, by the authority of the fame made, be reverfed, adnulled, undone, repealed, revoked, voided, and of no force nor effedt.

CAP. II.

A woman at fourteen years of age at the death of her anctfor fiall have livery of her land.

ITEM, of the advice, aftent, and authority aforefaid it is or- Wbmen of dained and ftabliihed, That women being of the age of xiiiL the age of 14 years,at the time of the death of their anceftors,without queftion at the death or difficulty (hall have livery of their lands and tenements de- ce^nTftaU trended to them. For fo the law of this land will that they have livery of fhould have.	their laud*.

Thus end the ftatutes of King Henry the Sixth.

Anno primo EDWARDI IV.

Statutes made at Weftminfter in the first year of the reign of King Edward IV. and in the year of our Lord 1461.

EDWARD par la grace de T7 DWARD by the of Dieu Roi dEngleterre St King tf England and de Fraunce Sc feigneour dir- ^France, and lord of Ireland, land puis le conqueft quart al. the fourth after the	to

honour de Dieu Sc de feint ef- the honour of God and. of holy glifepur nurrer peas unite Sc churchy to nourijh peace, , Concorde deins fon roialme and concord within bis realm of dEngleterre le quell il defire England (which he much moult entierment del advis St frrtth) wholly, by the edyice and afient des feignurs cfpiritueU affent of the lords fpiritual and

St	temporal

Digitized by

Google

33.6

. Anno primoEDWARDi IV.	[1461;

temporal of the fame realm, and at the fpeciat requejl of the commons of his faid realm affembled, at his first parliament holden at Weftminfteraf/wr the fourth day ^"November, in the first year of his reign, hy authority of the fame parliament, hath ordained and eftablifhed certain ftatutes, declarations, and ordinances, in manner and form following.

Sc temporelx de mcfme roialrae Sc alefpecialerequeft dcz communes de Ion dit roialme a fon primer parlement tenuz a Weftm’ le quart jour de No-vembri lan de Ton reigne primer venuz Sc aflemblez Sc par lauftorite de mefme le parlement ad fait ordeigneir Sc ef-ablier certeins ftatutez declarations Sc ordenaunces en la fourme qe enfuit.

CAP. I.

Which afls done hy King Henry IV. King Henry V. and King Henry VI. or hy others during their reigns* Jball continue goody and which not.

Ex edit Pul Tj'IRST, In efehewing of ambiguities, doubts, and diverfities What adb*1 * °f opinions, which may rife, enfue and be taken of and up-grants, or * on judicial afts, and exemplifications of the lame made or had things done in the time or times of Henry the Fourth, Henry the Fifth his by or during forij ancj J-f€nry the Sixth his fon, or any of them, late Kings of KTlien?^.0 England fucceflively in deed, and not or right: (2) our faid lord k! Hen. 5! the King, hy the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritua] arid ami K. Hen 6. temporal, and at the requeft of the faid commons in the faid par-liament affembled, and by authority of the fame, hath declared, what* not. eftablifhed, and enacted in the faid parliament, That all fines Judicial afts. and final concords, levied or made of any lands, tenements, pofleflions, rents, inheritances, or other things, and all judicial adls, recoveries, and procefles, determined, or commenced* not revoked, reverfed, nor adnulled, made or had in any court or courts of record, or any court or courts in any of the times of the pretenfed reigns of any of the faid late lungs, in deed and not in right (other than by authority of any parliament holden in any of their times) and exemplifications of the faid fines, adts judicial, and recoveries, out of any of the faid I parliaments, and every of them, (hall be of like force, virtue, and effedt, as if the faid fines, final concords, atts, recoveries, procefles, and other the prenvfles, had or made out of any of the faid parliaments anl exemplifications of the fame* were commenced, fued, had, or determined, in the time of any King lawfully reigning in this realm, obtaining the crown of the fame by juft title.

Creat:oa of ll. And alfo. That all letters patents made by any of the faid noble men. pretenfed kings to any perfon or perfons, of creation* ennobling, and erection of any of them to any eftatb, dignity or preeminence, lhall be to the faid perfon or perfons, and to fuchof their heirs, which be contained in the fame letters patents* of 1 like force, value and effedf, as touching fuch creation, ennobl-tog, or eredion, as if the fame letters patents were made or

granted

Digitized by

Google

1461s]	Anno	primo Edwardi IV.

granted to them by any King lawfully reigning in this realm of England, and obtaining the crown of the fame by juft title.

(2)And that they being fo created, ennobled and eredted, fhall have new grants of the King of their annuities for the maintenance of their eftates, as hath been of old time accuftomed, except fuch perfons, and every of them, whom our fovereign lord the King reputeth and holdeth for his rebels and enemies.

III.	And moreover, the exceffive charges and cofts which Liberties the cities boroughs, towns, the cinqueports of England, granted to and alfo the town of Calais, with the marches of the fame, have c°untiesor endured and fuffered, and the great poverty amongft the people	feve^.

of the fame confidered, for the eafe and relief of. the fame : the rai names. King hath ordained, eftablifhed, granted and enadted by the affent and authority of the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the requeft of the faid commons. That all manner of liberties, privileges, franchifes, powers, jurifdidlions, profits, immunities, corporations, munitions, enlargements, annexions, unions, and feverings from counties, and making of counties by themfelves, and all manner of grants, leafes, licences, pardons, difeharges, exemptions, releafes, fairs and markets (not revoked, repealed, nor adnulled by authority of parliament; or other-wife by procefs of the law) granted in the times of Henry the Fourth, Henry the Fifth, or Henry the Sixth, late Kings of England, in deed and not of right, to any mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, fheriff or fheriffs, mayor and (heriff, fheriff and bailiffs, mayor and bailiffs, commonalty, citizens, mayor and commonalty, mayor, commonalty and citizens, mayor and citizens, mayor and aldermen, and their fucceffors, mayor and citizens, their heirs and fucceffors, bailiffs and citizens, their heirs and fucceffors, mayor and commonalty, their heirs and fucceffors citizens and their heirs, citizens, their heirs and fucceflors, mayor and aldermen, mayor, aldermen and burgeffes, mayor and burgeffes, mayor, aldermen and lheriff or fheriffs, mayor, burgeffes and their fucceflors, mayor, burgeffes, their heirs and fucceffors, mayor, fheriffs and burgeffes, mayor, bailiffs and commonalty, aldermen and commonalty, aldermen, bailiffs and commonalty, aldermen and bailiffs, their heirs and fucceffors, bailiffs and commonalty, bailiffs, burgeffes, and citizens, burgeffes and commonalty, mayor, bailiffs and burgeffes, their heirs and fucceffors, and the difereet men, their heirs and fucceffors, portreves, bailiffs and commons, ftewards, burgeffes, and the difereet men, portreves, barons and men, mayor, barons and commonalty, mayor and barons, barons and commonalty, barons and jurates, barons and jurates men inhabitants, mayors, conftables and company of the merchants of the ftaple at Calais, and to every of them, and their heirs, and to the fucceffors of every of them, and to the mafters, brethren, and Afters of guilds, and fraternities, mafters and commonalty, their heirs and fuc-ceffors, and wardens and mafters of crafts, wardens of the commonalty of the myftery of the mercers within the city of London , or to any of them before named, and to the fucceffors of

Vot. III.	Z	every

tied after an anceftor’s death.

$3<	Anno primo Edwarpi IV.	[146t+

every of them, having corporation, by whatfoever, name or names they or any of them be, or be called or named in any of the laid grants: they (hall be in like ftrength and virtue, as if they were granted by any King or Kings lawfully reigning in this realm of England, and in like manner and form to have confirmations and grants made, as if they had been granted in the times of the noble King Edward the Third, and King Richard the Second after the conqueft, late lawful Kings of r	England.	*

Licences or IV. And moreover it is ordained, granted, eftablilhed and pardons of enadted, by the advice, afTent and authority aforefaid. That all to enw°intoF noanncr °* ^ceAccs> gifts and grants made by any of the fore-la,^ defeen- ^ai<* Patented kings of England to any perfon or perfons, to give, grant, aliene,purchafe, or receive any lands, tenements, rents, polTeflions or other hereditaments holden of any of the faid late pretenfed kings in any manner, or to enter into any lands or tenements, rents, pofleilions or other hereditaments, after the death of any of their anceftors, without due livery thertof fued by due procefs, according to the courfe of the common law of this realm of England, (2) or pardpns made by any of the faid late pretenfed kings, to any perfon or perfons for any alienations made of any lands or tenements, rents, pof-fcflions, or other hereditaments, holden of any of the laid late pretenfed kings of England, or pardon or pardons granted by any of them to any perfon or perfons, for any entry or entries made in any lands, tenements, rents, polTeflions, or other hereditaments, which (hould defcend, revert, remain, or in any pther manner (hould come to them, or any of them, after, or by the death of any of their faid anceflors, or any other perfon pr perfons, without due livery thereof fued, according to the courfe of the chancery,, arid law and cuftom of this land, (3) or licence made by any of the faid late pretenfed kings ctf ^houfe orCC	any p*ncm or perfons, to found, ereft, or eftablilh

any paternity, toy abbey, priory, houfc of religion, college, chantery, hofpital, guild, &c. or9 Or other houfe or fpiritual place, or of alms : (4) or licence to give any foade by any of the laid late pretenfed kings to any perfon or lands to them, perfon®, to found or ere# any fraternity, guild, company, or fellowlhip, or other body corporate, or to give and grant any lands, tenements, rents, polTeflions, or other hereditaments, to any perfon or perfons corporate, or having perpetual fuccefiion:

(5)	or licence made by any of the faid late pretenfed kings, to any of thefe aforenamed, For the acceptance and receipt of any thing by any fuch gift, grant or licence made by any of the faid late pretenfed kings to any perfon or perfons to hold or retain any advowfon, or church in proper ufe by way of licence or appropriation, or to make any elections, fo tnat any fuch advowfon

____________ pertain	not to the crown, (6) or pardon or pardons made by

corporations, any of the faid late kings to any body or perfons corporate, or liveries or re- jiving perpetual fucceluon by purchafe, inquifition or receipt of temj^raktiei. any t*ic preirtifles, or liveries, or reftitutions of temporalities ^	0	'made by any jof the faid late pretenfed king*, to any archbilhop,

\ * -	^	biihop.

Licences to found any

Licences of appropriation, or to snake elections.

Pardons to

Digitized by

Google

1461 <]	Anno	primo	EbwAitpi	IV,	339

fiifhop, abbot, prior, dean, chapter, or other perfon or, perfons fpiritual, (hail be of like force, virtue apd effect, as if the faid licences, pardons, and liverieswere granted by any King in this realm lawfully ireigning, and obtaining the crown of the lame by juft title: fo that the fame licences, reftitutions, and liveries, were executed in the time of any of the faid late pretertfed kings, in deed and not of right* of. if they were executed within the fame time in part and not hi the whole, that the fame licences, as to that part fo executed, (hall be of like forces virtue, andeffeeft, as if the faid licences were granted by any King, lawfully reigning in this realm of England^ andobtainingthe crown of the fame by juft title. (7) And if any of the laid late FpiimUngof pretenfed kings, in deed and not of right, hath by bis letters j*“8ioa# patents, or by authority of their parliaments, founded or efta-blifhed any abbey, priory, houfe of religion, college, chantery^ofthefiupe, hofpital, or any other houfe or fpiritual place of alms, that all filch foundations, as to the Corporations and feites of the fame, fliP.ll be of like force, virtue, and effe#, as if fuch foundations were made by any King lawfully reigning in this realm, and obtaining the crown of the fame by juft title: fo that this pre-fent article concerning the foundations oreftablfthmentslfore-faid, or any of them, (hall ndt extend nor be prejudicial: in any manner to the King, or to any other perfon or perfons,rfor any lands, tenements, rents, pofleffions, or hereditament*, or any manner advowfons in any wife pertaining to the King, or to any other perfon or penons, other than fuch.which;:be and make the feite Or fcitfes off any fuch abbey, priory; hpufe of religion, college, chsntety, hofpital, or other houfe or place pforefaid.

V.	And that all' grants and aflignments of ddwer, made by AfligoufeMef any of the faid late pretenfed kings, to any woman after the dpwsrto>a»f , death of her frusbaiid, to hold for term of her life, or by any

letters patents made of fpecial grace by any of the (aid late pfe- IlW** tt*e* tenfed kings, or aflignments of dower made to Pny fueh: wife -0'	>

after the death of her husband in the chancery, after the courfe of the feme in the thne of the pretenfed reigns of any of the few late pretenfed kings, (hall be of like virtue, power, and effe<ft, as if the feid grants and aflignments were made by any King lawfully reigning, andobtaining the crown of the fame by juft title.

VI.	Provided always. That this prefect article do not extend, nor in any wife be prejudicial to the King, fof any lands* tenements, rents, pofleffions, or other hereditaments, pertaining to the King, in the right of his crown, the full day ofrNotwnbr baft paft.

VII.	Provided alfo. That by this prefent ail nO ftfejudicebe ^^g t(fare^

done to the dutchefs of Bedfom, as concerning her dower. (2) in Mortmain And whereas any lands, tenements, rents, poflfeflions; here- bythe,^gr dftaments, or other things have been given to any of the feid	*

pretenfed kings by anv perfon or perfons, to the intent that

gifts (hould be thereof made by the feid kings,,or	of them,

2Ja	by

540	Aflno	primo	EDWARDi	IV;	[14611

bv any of their letters patents by way of	for	ever,	that

au grants and Letters patents made by any of the faine late pre-tenfed kings, for the amortifing.af any lands, tenements, rents, poffeffiotis, hereditaments, or other things, fhallbe pf like force, virtue and effedt, as if the lame grants were made by any King lawfully reigning in this realm, and obtaining the crown of the fame by juft.title: fo that any of the foid late prftenfed kings by whom any fuch letters patents were made, were never foiled of and in the faid lands, tenements, rents, pofieffions, or hereditaments, but Only by virtue of fuch feoffments, grants, gifts, or other eflates made to them, or any of them.

' LatfdttflbHd VIII- Provided always. That this a£t extend not to any lands, to the King tenementsy rents, ponefliohs, advowfons, hereditaments, or oon^nce of" ot**8r thing* that were given to any of the faid late pretenfod excbong*. kings, by way ofrecompence or exchange for any lands, tenement*, rents, pofieffions, advowfons, hereditaments, or other things which in any wife pertained to the crown, although no mention were.butde in any letters patents or other writings of any reoMepenoe or exchange.

Cotlatiom, IX. And that aD grants, collations, gifts. or prcfontatfons, gifti, and pre- made by any of the fold late pnetenfed kings to any perfon or beneficMdu- pwfon* hot corporate, nor having perpetual fucceffion of any ring the in- benefice,, dignity, church, prebend, hoipital or chaple, (hall be eumbeats pf like force, virtue and effect, at if the fame grant;, collations, bvet.	gifts	and prefenhnents were made by any King lawfully reign-

ing in this rferim, and obtaining the crown of the fame by juft true, daring’ the life or HVes of the faid perfon or perfons bong incumbents, poffefibrs oc QPcUpiert of the lame, or any of them.

fM'tbigV' X. Pmvided always, Thatthofe perfons which be attainted opew erteittN«' in this prefeat parliament, and fuch that be out with the Xing’s andp*rftw» • epemlei, (hall take no benefit nor advantage by this aft. •epted.**^ ‘ XI. Add that all grants, made by. any of the laid late pre-Gnmts of	ttnfedkinga, by anytheir letters patents, to; any perfon or per-

wards and fcas of any wards and marriages, (hall be of like force, virtue, marriages. ^	as	if	the	foid. grants were, made by any Xing lawfully

reigning in this reaim, and obtaining the cpoyyn of the lame by jbft title.	L .

XII. And allrgrants and letters patents made hy any of the Grant* of	faid late pretenfod kings, to any perfon or perfons, to have any

fcir« and fair of fairs, niarket tor mar ketfe, in any town or towns, place markets. <jr places, all fuch grants, and letters patents, as to fuch fairs> ted markets, and every of them, lhall be pf like force, virtue, ted effitft, as if the fame grants, arid letters patients were made by any King lawfully reigning in this realm, and obtaining the L 1 r " Crown of thfcfume bv juft title,

**	.... XIIIv AttdaHo if any perfon.br perfons hath fued, obtained*.

Grants td1 arid had any liVery by the courfo of the common law of this k«ir*ofl(yd- realnt, or otherwise, ot any lands, tenements, rents, poifeffions* inteftbrf^ ; advowfoHS, or other hereditaments, which fhould defeend, re-fend*. vritj rbitiaiby or ip any othef, mariner pome to them or any of

v ^	them.

(hem, by any livery purfoed after or by the death of any of their aaceftors, or any other perfon or penons, after the fourth day of Marchlift paft, that all fuch liveries (hall be of like force, virtue and effirft, as they were at the time of the faid liveries purfued : lo that the faid lands, tenements, rents, pofteffions^ advowfoos, and other hereditaments, or any parcel thereof.

34*

were

;re not pertaining to the King in the right of his crown. XIV. Provided always. That this artick

article extend not to any Ward* or

lands, tenements, or other things which do pertain or ought to marriage* come into the King’s hands, by reafon of any attainder in this ^

Ed. 4.

prelent parliament. And alfo,That ah grants and letters patents made by our lord the King to any perfon or perfons, after the fourth day of March laft paft, of any wards or marriages, of any perfon or peribns being within age, (hall be of like force ana effect to them and every of them, as they were at the times of the grants and letters patents thereof made to them or any of ... them: any aft or ordinance in this prefent parliament made or to be made notwithftanding.

■ XV. Providod always. That this article extend not to any toterswteats words or marriages of any periods which do pertain or ought madetofeve-<0 come to the King’s hands, by realbn of any attainder in this rat perfon* of prefent parliament, (2) and that all grants made by our faid ofae* Sovereign lord the King by his letters patents, after the fourth day of March loft paft, to any of his faithful liege men that were not agamft him in any field after the first day of his reign,

■or agaiitft the high and mighty prince, father to the faid King, in the field and evil journey of Wakefield, of any office or offices which fuch perfon or peribns by the King’s ddefect cenfiderar tion hath deiervod, the effect of fuch grant or grants (hail be of like ftrength and force, as they or any of them were at the time of fuch grant or grants, letters patents, and every of them made: ., any ftatute, a£k or ordinance, made or to be made in this pre-fcnt parliament notwithftaoding.

- XVL Provided always, That this a be not prejudicial nor CertaiaoOcen

hurtful to any perfon or perfons, for any grant or grants made to whom the

to them or any of them or any annuity, foe, or penlion, or of

«ny deanry, hofpital, or benefice, or of any office or offices, in ^cwiduring

the time of the King’s progenitors, with the feep and wages hi* pleafijre,

thereto due and accuftomed, made by the King by his letters

patents fithencetbe fourth day of March laft paft, his letters par

tents made of all'the office* of Serjeants at arms, ford of the

offices of juftices of the one bench and of the other, barons of

his exchequer, warden of the roils of his chancery of England

Warden of the rolls of his chancery of his land of Ireland, clerk

of his council, feoondary in the office of his privy feal, clerk or

warden of his hamper of his faid Chancery of England, keeper of

Ms parks	of	UtHeshcrjand LantgUs in the county of

clerk of the market of his houfe, the chjragrapher and warden

of the King’a writs and records of his common bench, meflen-

gm? of-his exchequer, glafier, plumber, bvoiderer, joyner,

fletcher within the tower of Lmdon, chief carpepter wkfcm the

<•	Z	3	palace

Digitized by Google

34i	Anno primo Edwardi TV.	[1461.

palace of JVeJlmlnjler, receWer of all offices accountable, bailiff of Havering, bailiff of S^rry and of his auditors in the counties of Chejier and Flint, and of South-Wales, purveyor and comptroller of the fearch of his port of London, warden of his armour m the tower of London, makfcr of his poindls, conftable of his caftle or lordfhip of Hadleigh, clerk of nis great wardrobe, purveyor of all manner of ftufr for his works within his palace of IPeftminJler, and the tower of London, and the captain of his caftle of Hdmmes, excepted. The fame letters patent fo excepted, to endure and be of ftrength, virtue, and effect, at the K. Ed. 4. pleafure and will of the King. (2) And alfo, That all confirma-feveral grants tions, ratifications, approbations, leafes, and grants of all firan-f°raticmsCof" Whiles, liberties, privileges, cuftoms, or any other commodities, liberties and profits or advantages, and every of them, diftindtions, feverances -other benefits from counties, and making (if counties by themfidves, grants, within a cer- releafes, diminutions and pardori of fee-ferms, and every ofthem, (am time. made and granted by our find fovereign lord the King, by his letters patents, fithence the fourth day of March laft paft, in relief and benefit of any city, town or borough 6£ this realm, to any mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, fheriff or (heriffs, mayor and commonalty, mayor and citizens, mayor and aldermen, mayor and Iheriff, mayor, bailiffs, and commonalty, citizens, bailiffs, and citizens, their heirs and fucceflors, and the heirs and fuccefibrs of every of them by whatfoc\>er name or names they or any of them be called or named in the faid grants or other the pro* miffes, or ahy of them, (hall be of like force and effedt, as they br any of them were at the time of the grants, and letters pa-Feofftnents tenth thereof made.'* (3) And alfo if dqy of the laid late pfe-upon truftto tenfed kings, or ahy of their anceftors hath been infeoffed by the late King, any perfori or peifons, of 6f in any lands, tenements, rents, to the ufe'ot pofleffions, advowfons, brother hereditaments, only upon trull i° ers‘ and confidence to fefeoff the faid perfon or perform, or their heirs or alfigns, of any of the fame, at fuch time as they (hould be thereto required. That all fuch grgnts, feoffments, or other eftatCs, made by atly of the feid late pretenfed kings, or any of their anceftors, of any fuch lands, tenements, rents, pofleffions, bdvowfons, or other hereditaments, to any fuch perfon of per-fons, their heirs or afligns, or to the heirs or alfigns of any of them, lhal] be of like force and effedt in the law, and available to the faid perfon orperfons, and to the heirs and afftgns of them, and every of them, as they were at the tiines of the faid grants and feoffments, or other eftates made to them, br any of them, any adt or ordinance in this prefent parliament made of to be made notwithftanding: fo that none of the faid pretenfed kings, nor at>y of their anceftors, after the laft day of the reign of King Edward the Third, progenitor of our faid lord the King, were at any time feifed of the lands, tenements, rents, pofleffions, advowfons, or other hereditaments, nor of any par** cel thereof, but only by virtue of fuch feoffinehts made to th£m or any of them upon confidence in manner and form aforefaid, and in no other manner: and that the fame lands, tenements,

rents.

Digitized by Gooole

1461.] Anno primo Edwardi IV.	343.

rants, pofleffions, advowfons, or other hereditaments, and'every

of them, be holden of the lame chief lords immediate, or of

their heirs, and by theiame Cervices, as they were holden at the

time the fame feoffments made to any of the laid late pretenfed

kings, or to any of their anceftors, any poffelTion of the late

pretenled kings, or any of their anceftors, after the laft day-

of the reign of King Edward the Third, notwithftanding. (4) The force of

Provided always, That no perfon attainted in this prefent par- the King's

Uament take any benefit or advantage thereby. (5) Alfo, That

all letters patents granted and directed by our laid lord the chancel-

King after the first day of his reign, to his chancellor or treafurer lor, lord trea-

of this realm, juftices of the pleas to be holden before the King* furer, jufticev

juftices of the common bench, or barons of the exchequer, or to

any of them, for the exercile of any fuch thing as pertaineth to pXC^* °cr.

the office or offices, authority ana power of them, or any or "* *

them, by reafon of any of tlie laid letters patents and grants,

(hall be of like force, virtue and effeft, as they or any of them were the first day of November laft paft, any ftatute, aft, or ordinance made in this prefent parliament notwithftanding: fo that the barons of the exchequer (hall occupy, or exercife their offices at the King's pleafurc, as the juftices do. (6) And alfo, CoimnURons That every commiffion made, granted, and direfted by any of ^	53?

the laid late pretenfed kings in any of their times, to any per- very, and to fon or perfons to be affigned for the peace in every or any county hear and de-of this realm to be eftablilhed and kept, and to hear and deter- termine, or of mine all manner of felonies, trefpafles, and other offences fpe- Srmhwcom-cified in the faidcommiffions, and every of them, done or com- minions, jnitted in any of the laid counties, or to deliver any gaol or gaols within this realm, or in other place or places under the obeilance of the crown, of the prisoners being in any of the faid gaols in the time of any of the faid late pretenfed kings, or to hear and determine all manner treafons, felonies, trdpafles, or other offences done in any of the faid counties, or in any place or places under the obcifance of the crown of the laid realm, Specified in every of the faid commiffions, or for fewers being affigned to furvey and to caufe to be repaired and amended, walls, mar (ties, ditches, cutters, caufeys, and bridges, and other defaults in any marlh or marlhes, in any part of this realm, fpecified in the fame commilsions and every of them* and all other, commifsions made by any of the faid late pretenled kings, to any perfon or perfons before the fourth day of March laft paft, and all procefles, determinations, executions, incidents, adminicles, and other circumftances pertaining to the lame com-mifsions and every of them, not void, repealed, and adnulled, lhall be of like force, virtue and ftrength, as if the lame commilsions and every of them were made and granted by any King lawfully reigning in this realm, and obtaining the crown of the lame by juft title: fo that a fpecial aft be made for fuch perfons that were before this time indamaged for the King.

XVII. AndalfojThat all manner of afts and ordinances made A^g by authority of any parliament or parliaments holden in the Uament foe *

Z 4 ~	time	Shretybtlff

344	Anno	pruneEdwaaDi IV.	[1461.

time of any of the (aid lam pretenfcd kings, for the confervatkm and keeping of the town of Shrewsbury, and of the good, peaceable, and quiet rule and government within the hud town, betwixt the inhabitants of the fame, and every of them, (hall be of like force and effect, as if the fame adts or ordinances, and every of them, were made in the time of any King or Kings lawfully reigning in this realm, and obtaining the crown of the lame by juft title.

It.Hen. 6. his XVIII. Alfo whereas the faid late pretenfcd king Henry the grant: to the Sixth, in deed, and not of right, king of this realm, by his in	charter	indented under the feaiof the duteky ofLancajter foiled,

manor of bearing date the twentieth day of March, the xxiv year of his Kilboum in ufcrped reign, did give and grant, and by the lame cnarter con-the county of firmed to IVilliam abbot of Biland the manor of Kilbostn, with Yeric.	the appurtenances, in the county of York, with all the knights

foes, views of frankpledge, franchifes, liberties, commodities, profits and appurtenances to the fame manor in any wife belonging or appertaining, to have and to hold tbe feme manor, with the other premi&s to the (aid abbot, and his fuccefibrs for ever, yielding therefore to the faid pretenfod king Henry the Sixth, and his heirs dukes of Laneafler, xxiii. yearly, (where the (aid pretenfod king, nor any of his anceftors dukes of Lancafier, before the fame time were ever anfwcred of the (aid yearly illues and profits of the fame manor, but of xvi 1L by year only ) the faid xxi li. to be paid at the feafts of Pentetaft and St. Martin in winter, by even portions, for *U (ocular feiviccs, with daufe of diftrefs for default of payment of tbe laid rent by half a year, in all the manors, lands, and tenements of the (aid abbot and convent within the fame county, as in the feme charter thereof made more plainly appeareth: that all die lame charter, gift, and grant (hall be until this time, and hereafter to the faid abbot and convent, and to their fucceffors, of like farce and effect, as they were the first day of March laft: any a& or ordinance made in thi6 prefent parliament notwithstanding. Grants to ab- XIX. And alfo, That all grants and licences made by letters jbots, prion, patents of any of the faid late pretenfed kings, to any abbot and convent, prior and convent, or to any other perfon or perfects, to have and make by free eledkm within thcmfelves at any voidance, abbot or prior, and to be conventual, perpetual, and elective, where, before they were dative and remqveable, (hall be of like ftrength, virtue and eflfetft, as if the fame grants and licences, of any of them, were made by any King lawfully reigning in this realm, and obtaining the crown of the fame by juft title.

XX. Alfo, That all records of recognizances and deeds inrol-led, had and made in any court* or courts of record, or before Smy juftiee of record, in the time of the reigns of any of the faid 4ate pretenfod kings, (hall bt of like force, virtue andeffod, as if the fame records were had or made in the time of any King lawfully reigning in this realm, and obtaining the crown q£ the lame by juft title.

%	XXI.	And

&c. to make free election.

SLecognixan-pes and deeds fiirolled.

Digitized by L^ooQle

!4<>i.]	Abnopzimo	Edwa&di	IV.	f45

• XXI* Aadalfoi That all licences and grants made by any of Licence* to the laid late pretended kings to any perfon or perlons, t°lb^«IAw* make, have, indofe and enjoy any park, or parks, warren or free	or	to

chafe, or to embattle, to camel, to maftol, or to make any make cable*, tower, caftle or fortrefs, within this realm, Shall be of like force, tower*; or to virtue and effect, as if the faid grants and licences were made 'mtJ»«lei* by any King lawfully reigning in this realm, and obtaining the1,00 ** crown of the fame by juft title.

XXII. Provided always. That this aft do not extend nor be cidly, dutch' prejudicial to the right noble high and mighty princefs, deify	of York,

dutchefs of York, mother untoour faid fovcreign lord the King, mother to the of any grant or grants made to her by the King by bis letters pa- K*®*-tents before the first day of this parliament, by whatsoever name or names Ihe lhall be called in the fame letters patents, but that the liune letters patents, and every grant therein contained, be of like force and effed, as they were before the frrft day of this parliament: this ad, or any other, made or to be made in this prefent parliament notwithstanding.

- XXIII. Provided always. That this aft, nor any article of the fame, do not extend to any lands, tenements, polleffioo6,.he- b * t_ irditaments, or other things, which the King ought in any wife tainder.or, to have by forcie of any aft of attainder of any perfon or perfons Sec. made in this prefent parliament.

XXIV. Provided alio, That no perfon or perfons attainted in this prefent parliament, or being out with the King’s enemies, take any benefit; or advantage by this aft, nor any other ad made or to be made in the laid parliament.

CAP. II.

Jufiius	of	pence	may award,	procefs upon indiQmntt taken

in Jberiffs towns.

ITEM qe come plufours del foiall liege people du Roi fibien efpirituelx come tempo-relx par les enordinez & oef-mefurablez enditementz& pre-fentementz iibien de felonie trefpafiez be often fez come dau-tres chofez queux de long temps ount efte prifez euez & ufez deinz les counteez de cell roiakne & prifez devaunt vif-countez pur le temps efteantz «8 counteez feveralment lours fothvifcountez lours cletkes bailliffs & lour miniftrez. al lour tournes ou lawe dales te-nuz devaunt eux feveralment «n les counteez les quelx eo-ditementz & prefentementz fount

ALSO whereas many of the The inconve-Kings faithful luge pee- nienciesofun-ple, as well fpiritual as	india-

by the inordinate and infinite in, dtitments and prefentments, 6$ mean peribes. well offelony, trefpqljis,and offenses, as of other things, of long time boo* bun bad and vfed within the counties of this realm, and taken before for the time being in their conn-ties fever ally, under-jberiffs,. their clerks, bailiffs, and mintfters, at tbeir tturns fr law-days, before them	generally in the coun-

ties, which indictments and prefentments be oftentimes affirmed by jurors having no confidence, nor any freehold, and little goods, and

Digitized by

Google

r



13 Ed. Hat. 1,

Anno primo Edwardi IV.	[1461.

often by the find Sheriffs menial fount fovent foitz affermez par fervants ana bailiffs and‘ their jurrours null confcicnce eiantz under “Sheriffs, by which indifl- nc franc tenement & petit des ments and prefentments the faid biens be fouvent foitz par fer-c! 13. lawful liege people be attached and vauntez menialx be baillifs de arrejled by their bodies, and put lez ditz vifeountez & lours in prifon by the faid Sheriffs, un~ futhvifeountez par quelx cn-der-jberiffs, their clerks, bailiffs, ditementz & prefentementz le and mimjlers, to the great lojs of dit foiall liege people par lez their goods; and they fo being m ditz vifeountez futhvifeountez prifon by the find Sheriffs, under- lour clerkes baillifs be lour mi-Sheriffs, their clerks, bailiffs, and niftres font attachez areftutz their minifiers, are conjlrained to par lour corps be mifez en pri-nuike grievous fines and ranfims, fon au graund dureffe de leurs and levy of them great fines and perfones et ceux iflint efteantz amerciaments for the find indict- en prifon par lez dkzviicountez ments and prefentments, in great futhvifeountez clerkes baillifs hindrance and utter undoing of the & lours miniftres le dit foiall find liege people; (2) after which liege people enfi en prifon con-fines, ranfoms, and amerciaments ftreignont be fount ceux de fo rated and levied by the faid faire oveqe eux graund fines be Sheriffs, under-Jheriffs, clerks, raunfons be auxide ccuxlevcnt bailiffs, and their mmijlers, the gfaundz fines be amerciamen-peopfe aforefaid be inlarged out of tez pur les ditz enditementz prifin, and the faid indictments be prefentementz en graund andprefentmentsbeimbezilledand prejudice be anientifment du withdrawn: (3) our faid lord liege people avauntdit apres the King confidering the pre- quelx fines raunfons & amer-mifles, by the advice and af- ciaments enfi par lez ditz vif-fent of the lords fpiritual and countez futhvifeountez clerkes temporal, and at the requeft of baillifs & lour minifirez iflint the commons in this prefent faitz euez & levez le people parliament aflembled, and by avauntdit eft enlarge hors del authority of the fame, hath or- prifon & lez ditz enditementz dained and ftablithed, That all be prefentementz font aloignez manner indi&mcnts and pre- embefiles be fuftreitz. Noftre fentments that (hall be taken dit foverayn feignur le Roi les hereafter before any of his faid premiflez confiderez par lad vis fheriffs of his counties for the be aflentdes feignurs efpirituelx time being, their under-(he- be temporelx & a la requeft dez riffs, clerks, bailiffs, or mini- communes en la dit parlement fters, at their tourns or law- affemblcz be par au&orite didays before mentioned, they cell ad ordcigne be eftablie qe nor any of them (haH have toutz manerez denditementez power or authority to attach, be prefentementz quelx ferront arreft, or put in prifon, or to prifez en aprez devaunt afeun levy any fines or amerciartients des fes vifeountez de fez coun-of any perfon or perfons fo in- teez pur le temps efteantz lour di&ed or prefented, by reafon futhvifeountz clerkes baillifs or colour of any fuch irididt- ou miniftres a lour tumez ou ment or presentment taken or lawedaies defiiis efpecifiez na-

to	jept

Digitized by

Google

»ent ne null de ceux akpoair to ifetaken before them or any

of them, nor to make- or take

ne audorite darefter attacher ou mettre en prifcn ou lever afcuns fines ou amerciamentz dafcun perfone du perfones UTmt enditez ou prefimtez par refon ou colour dafcun tiel en-ditement ou prefentement devaunt ceux ou afcun deux prife ne de faire ou prendre dafcun tiel perfone ou perfones iffint enditez ou prefentez afcun fine ou raunfome mes qe les vif-countez fuifditz lour futhvif-countz derkes ou baillifs & Jour miniftres toutz autielx en-ditcmentz & prefentement pri-iez devaunt eux ou afcun deux -en lours toumes ou lawedaies defuis nommez amefnent pre-lentent & deliverent a lcsiufti-•cez du peax au lour profchein fefiion de peax qe ferra tenuz -en le counte ou counteez lou autielx enditementz & prefente-tnentz ferront prifez devaunt lez ditz juftices dautiel counte ou countces pur le temps ef-teantz. £t ft afcun des vif-countez futhvifcountez derkes baillifs & lours miniftres na-mefne delivere 6c prefente pas toutz autielx enditementz ou prefentementz iffint prifez devaunt eux & chcfcun deux en lour tumes ou lawedaies come devaunt eft recitee as tielx feflions de peax devaunt les ditz juftices de peax qe donqes toutz tielx vifcountez futhvifcountez der-kes baillifs & lours mini-* jtres & chefcun deux qi ou

3ueux iffint fauldra ou faul-ront daineignaunce deliverance & prefentation de tieux enditementz 6c prefenfementez forface 6c forfacent au Roy xl li. a taunt de foitz qe ceux ou afcun deux ferront ou ferra le contrarie. £t qe les ditz juftices de pe3s aient poair & audorite

of any fuch perfonor perfons foindided or prefented, any fine or ranfom; (4) but that indidments the faid iheriffs, and thehr and prefent-ufider-lheriffs, clerks, or bad- .mcl?ts taken iffs, and their minifters, lhall “	»	TL

bring, prefent, and deliver all delivered to fuch indidments and-prefent- the juJficet of ments taken before them, or	0f A*6

any of them, in their towns or law-days aforefaid, to the jut 1	7*	*

tices of peace, at their next feflions of the peace that (hall be holden in the county or counties where fuch indid-ments or prefentments (hall be taken, before the faid juftices of fuch county or counties for the time being: (5) and if any of the laid (heritts, under-fhe-riffs, clerks, bailiffs, and their minifters, do not bring, deliver, and prefent all fuch indidments or prefentments fo taken before them and every of them in their toums, or law-days, as before is recited, at fuch feffions of the peace be-forethefaidjufticesof peace,that then all fuch (hcriffs, under-(heriffs, clerks, bailiffs, and their minifters, and; every of them that fo (hall fail in bringing, delivering, and prefent-ing of fuch indidments or prefentments, lhall forfeit to the King forty pounds at every time that they or any of them doth the contrary: (6) and Juftices of that the faid juftices of peace *****1 {hall have power and authori-ty to award procefs upon all that be indid-fuch indidments and prefent- ed in the (he-ments, as the law doth require, tour.n* and in like form, as if the faid *||d indictments and prefentments the offenders, were taken before the faid juftices of peace in the faid county or counties, and aifo to arraign and deliver all fuch perfon or

Digitizecfby

perfons

'ogle

Anno primo Edwardi IV. [1461.

perfects fomdided andprefebt-cd before the (aid (heriffs, un-dcr-fheriffs, their clerks, bailiffs, and their minifters, or any of diem in their teams or law-days: (7) and aU-fuch perfons or peribn which be indicated or perientod of trefpals, (hall make filch a fine as (hall feem lawful Thceftreats by tbdr diferedons; (8) and foe eftreats of the faid fines ddivered by M<* amerciaments (hall be en-the juftices of rolled, and by indenture bedc-the peace to livered to the (aid (heriffs, un-the lberiff. der-fticriffs, their clerks, bailiffs, or minifters, or feme of , them, to the ufe and profit of him that was fheriff in the fiud counties or county at the time of fuch indictments or preferments taken. (9) Ami if any of the faid (heiiffs, their un~ der-flieriffe, clerks, bailiffs, or their minifters, do arreft^ttach* or put in prifon, or caufe any fine or ranfom to be taken, or levy any amerciament of any peribn or perfons fo indicted or presented, by reafon or colour of any fuch indictment or presentment taken before them at their toums or law-days above rehearfed, before that they have procefs from the faid juftieesof peace, or eftreats delivered out of the faid indictments or presentments fo brought, delivered, and prefiented to them, that then the (heriffs which fo do, (hall forfeit an hundred pounds, (to) theone half thereof to be employed to the ex-pences of the King's houfc, and the other half to the party or parties which be or is inda-maged, (n) and he or they (hall have therefore an aCtion of ..	debt	at	the common law, and

Itkeprocfcfs as is in an aCHonof debt at the common law. (12) and that the defendant or defendants

auCkorise dagarder procefle fur toutz tielx enditementz & pre-r fentemeatz come la ley requi-ert is cn fourme femblable fi come ks dkz enditementz fis prefentementz feuflent prifez devaunt les ditzjuftkes de pexx en le dit counte ou counters. Et auxi darrainer Sc deliverer toutz tielx perfpnes ou peribne ifiint enditez Sc prefentez devaunt les ditz vifcountez futh-vifeountez lour clerkes Sc bail-lifs & lour mmiftrez ou afeun deux en lour ditz toumes ou lawdaics et toutz tielx perfones ou perfocte qe fount ou eft enditez ou prefentez endite ou prefente de trefpas defaire ovc-qe eux Sc chefcun deux tiel fine come ioiaiment par leurs diferedons femblera et les eftre-tez deles ditz fines & aracrcia-mentz (bient enrol lez & par en-denture deftre deliverez a les ditz vifeountz futhvifeountz clerkes baiilifi ou miniftres ou afeun deux al oeps St prouffit celuy qi fuift vifeount en afeun cotmtee au temps de les ditz -enditementz & prefentementz prifez. Et fi afeun des ditz vifeountez lour futhvifeountz der-kes bailiifs ou miniftres face a-refter attacherou mettre en prifon ou face faire ou prendre af-. cun fine raunfom ou lever a-merciament dafeune peribne ou perfones enfi enditez ou prefentez par reafon or colour daf-cun tiel enditement ou prefen-tement devaunt luy a les tour-nes ou lawedaies defuis recitez prife avaunt ails ount procefle de les ditz juftices de peax ou eftretez deliverez hors de les ditz enditementz ou prefentementz ifiint ameignez deliverez Sc prefentez as eux qe a-donqes lez ditz vifeountez qi ifiint fou# forfacent Cli. une moitq

Digitized by Google

1461.} Anuotmio Edwardi IV.	34$.

incite dent defire cmploiez a fend ants in inch forts, or ac-*

lez expenfez du lofiell de-Roy tions of debt, dull .not be efe

& 1 autre moite al partie ou foined, nor wage their law;

parties qe ou quelx eft ou font (13) and if he or they, or any

endwnagez et ait ou aient ent of them^gainft whom this act

action de' dette al commune tion lhaO be aken, do offer of

ley & femblable proeefib confie caft dhy protection, or other

eft en a&ion de dette .al com- impediment, in retardation of

mune ley. Et qe le defendaurit the £ud fuits or actions, that

ou defendauntz en tielft futes fhall not be allowed untohim.

ou a&ions de dette ne foit ou II. Provided always. That Thisftatnte

foient efioinez ne gage ou ga- this prefent ordinance do not doth not ex*

gent leur ley. Et filouceu* extend, nor in any wife be pre* *5n<l^t^*

ou afcun deux encontreqi ou judicial to the fhenffs of the [ *^on°

queux la dite action ferra prifc city of Ltndan now bang, or.

oflfre ou mette offfeht ou met- which at any time hereafter.

tent afcun protection en enpe- fhall be, concerning any indiCt-

diment ou retardance de les ments or prefentmcnts to be

ditz foetes ou actions qil ne taken within the laid city of,

foit a luy alloue.	Londtn.

PurVeu touts foitz qe ceft	III. Provided alfo, That this Granti of

prefent ordeignawce nextende a<ft extend not, nor be prejudi- fine* made by pas ne ne foit prejudiciall enaf- rial, to afty perfon or perfons, the King, cun manere a les vifcounttz which hath grants of any fines del eke deLoundrec oreefteanta or amerciaments by any letters ou. qenaptes afcun foitz fervent patents of our find fovereign quaunt as afcuns enditementet lord the King, or of any of his ou prefenteraentz defire prifez progenitors or ptedcceflofsi deins la dite cite. • - ,	bearing date before the tenth

Purveu auxi q« ceft orde- day of Dettmbtr next after the naunce nextonde pas ne ne beginning of this parliament; foit prejudicial! al afcun perfo- (a; and that this a<ft and or dine ou perfones qe ad ou ount nance de not extend, nor be graunts daicuns fines ou des prejudicial, to any perfon or afcuns amerciamentez par af- perfons having any liberties oi> cuns Jetties patentez noftre dit franchifes by any of the faitl foveraigne feignur le &oi ou letters patents, or in any other, dafcun deles progenitours ou manner by prefcriptioa. (3) predecefiburs portantz date de- And that this ordinance be in vaunt ledifine jourdeDecembr’ his force, and begin to take profchein apres le commence- effefi at the fortieth day next meat de ceft parlement. Et qe after the fixth day of Msji ceft ordeignaunce nextende pas next after the beginning ef than ne ne foit prejudiciall al afcune prefent parliament, upon the peribne ou perfones aiant ou which fixth day the laid par*, aiatitz afcuns liberties oufrauo- iiament was difiolvcd, ■ chi fez par afcuns de9 ditz let-.

tres patentes ou en autre maftef par preferiptioo. Et qs ceft ordeignaunce foit onfa force & commence dapprendreefleft a la quarantifoic jour psofohein apres le vj«« jour de May prof*.

chain

Digitized by Google

cheinapres le commencement de ceft prefent paridment Ie quel fiftne jour le dit parlement fuift diffolve*

Statutes made at Weflminjler, Anno 3 Edw. IV* andAnno Dom. 1463#

AU parlement fummonez a Weftnf le xxixejour

AT the parliament fummoned at Weftminfter the nine and twentieth day of April, the third year of the reign of our lord King Edward the Fourth after the mquejly divers Jlatutes and . ordinances, to the honour of Gody and of hq}y churchy and for the wealth of the King and of his peo-pky by the advice and ajfent of his lords fpiritual and terpporaly and the commonly in the faidparliament qffembledy and by authority of the famey were made in the manner and form as foHoweth.

dAprell lan du reigne noftre feignur le Roy Edward le auart apres le conqueft tierce diverfes eftatutez k ordenaun-cez a lonour de Dieu & fcinr efglife & pur !e bien dti dit Roy & fon poeple de hdvis & aflent des feignursefpiritudx& temporclx & les communes en le dit parlement efteantz & par lau&orite de mefme le parle-ment fiirent faitez enmanere & forme enfuantz.

Ex edif Raft. Wools and woolfels.

CAP. I.

No alien Jhall export wooly &c, out of this realm, certain ordinances to be obferved by denizens in exporting thereof.

FIRST, becaufe that the chief and principal commodity of wwi5Bi	this	realm	of	England	confifteth	in	the wools growing

5 R?»/ftat. 1/ Within the faid realm, and to the intent that fufficient plenty of c.3.	the faid wools may continually abide and remain within the

14 R. *. c.6. rcaJm> which may competently and reafonably ferve for the oc-♦	7• C1°*	cupation of clothmakers of England and of all the members md

branches of the fame, whereby the cities, boroughs, and towns, within tht fame realm fallen in great and pitious defolation ruin and decay by the occafion of idlenefs, mav be (if God will) multiplied in inhabitation, and by labour reftored to their ancient joy and profperity, by which the vices and inconveniences may to the pleafure of God be avoided : our fovereign lord the King, in confideration of the premifles, by the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and, temporal, and at the requeft of the commons aforefaid, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That from the feaft of St. John baptift next enfuing, no perfon alien nor ftranger bom, by him or any other for him, privy or apert, fhall buy or (hip any manner wools or woolfels, morling or fhorling, within any part of this realm of England or IValeSy or them or any of them carry out of the fame realm or Wales. Nor that any perfon ftranger alien or denizen, or any other the King's fubjeft, from the faid feaft, (hall carry any wools, woolfels, morling or (horling of the growing of the countries or Shiping of	counties on this fide the water pf Teesy oyer the fame water to-

wools*	wards the North, upon pain of forfeiture of fuch wools, wool-

h	fels.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

.1463.] Anno tcrtio Edwabdi IV.	3^1

tcls, morling, or (horling: the one half thereof to he had to the profit and ufe of our faid redoubted fovereign lord the King, and the other half thereof to the ufe and profit of him or them that fhall find and lawfully prove fuch, beingftiiping or car*

•riage contrary to the faid ordinance. The wools, woolfels, morling and (horling of the growing of the counties called Al~	>

dertonjhire, and Ricbmon4/bire only except. Andalfo he hath ordained and eftablifhed. That no parcel of the faid wools, wool-. fels,morling or fhorling,be (hipedor earned to any other place out of the faid realm or Wcdesy but only to the town of Calais. Calais.

The wools, woolfels, morling and (honing of the .growing of /the counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and JVeftmorhmdy and of the growing of the hifhoprick of Durbamy betwixt the waters of Tine and Tees, and of the laid counties of Alderton and Richmond excepted. And if any perfon or perfons do the contrary thereof, or (hip any wools, woolfels morling or (horling, xrf* the growing of any country or county of the faid realm of England, except before excepted, on this fide the faid water of Tees or any port or creek of the feme water, or in the fame water, that then he which (hall fo (hip or carry, or do to be (hip-cd or carryed, (hall forfeit and lofe all fuch wools, woolfels, morling and (horling, or the value thereof. The one half of the fame forfeiture to be applied to the ufe of our faid fovereign lord the King, and the other half to him that (hall prove fuch forfeiture and feife the fame wools, woolfels, morling and (horling. And alfo the feme our fovereign lord the King, bv the advice and afient aforefeid, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That no perfon, after the faid feaft, (hall (hip any wools, woolfels, morling or (horling, of the growing within any of the faid counties of Northumberland Cumberland and Wcjimorlandy or within the feid hifhoprick of Durham, betwixt the faid water of Tine and Teesy or within the faid counties called Aldertonjhire and Ricbmondflnrey but only at the town of NewcaJlUy upon pain of Newcafile. forfeiture of the feme wools, woolfels, morling and (horling, the one half thereof to our faid fovereign lord the King, and the other half to any of the King’s liege people, inhabiting in the town of Newcaftlty which lhall feife the faid forfeiture to be applied to the ufe and profit of the fame town. And alfo by the afient and authority aforefeid it is ordained and eftablifhed, That no perfon from the faid feaft, privily nor apertly (hall convey or carry, or do to be conveyed or carried any wools or woolfels out of this realm of England or IValeSy to any other place than -to Calais, except the wool and woolfels before excepted, upon pain of imprifonment by two years, and to forfeit the value of -the fame wools and woolfels, tfie one half thereof to be paid to the ufe of our (aid (overeign lord the King, and the other half to any of his liege people, which lhall efpy fuch forfeiture and fue for the fame. And that he have thereof an a&ion of debt as well for our iovereign lord the King as for himfelf of the faid value of the forfeiture aforefeid, to be bad and purfued in the county where fuch forfeiture (hall happen: in which a&ion

Google



Staple of Calais.

Plate and Bullion.

Merchant of the Itaple.

Winding of wool.

Anno primo Edwardi IV. [1463.

the defendant (hall not be received to wage his law, nor no ef-foin nor protection for the Came defendant to be allowed. And moreover the fame our fovereign lord the King hath ordained and eftabltfted, by thcaflent and authority aforefaid, That no merchant of the (aid ftapie of Calais, by himfelf nor by none other perfcn for hamfelf, mall fell or utter from the feaft of St. Mitbail the archangel next enfuing, any wools, wooifels, mottling, of (horiing, or any other merchandifes of the ftapie to the (aid (tuple* but that he before* or upon the delivery of the fame* receive and take ready payment and contentation for the lame wools, wooifels, and other merchandifes of the laid ftapie in hand, whereof the half part (hall be in lawful money of England, plate of bullion of (ilvec or gold, and all the feme money duly to bring into this realm of England: and the plate and bullion fo received do duly to be coined at the mint of palais. And all the money thereof made and coined, duly bring into England within three months next after the aforefaid fele, upon pain to forfeit for every feck of wool v. marks, and for every CC. rf. wooifels otherwifc fold five marks. And for the contrary feie of every half feck of wool, or any other quantity of wool, and every Cxx. wooifels, and every other number thereof, after the rate and quantity of the faid five marks. And that no merchant of the feid ftapie, from the faid feaft of Saint MUhady (hall fell, utter, nor alienc his property of the feid merchandifes of the feid ftapie, nor no parcel of the feme, to any place out of this realm, other than to the faid ftaiple of Calais. Provided always. That if the feid money ordained by this ordh-nance to be brought into this realm, be drowned in the fea* or taken away by enemies in the fea, or if the bringing thereof be let by contrary wind or temped: That then if the feme money, whole bringing (hall be let by fuch wind or tempeft, brought into this realm of England as (bon as convenient paflage for the feme may be had, then the merchant owner of the feme (hall in no wife be endamaged by the occafion of the not bringing the feme money as afore is feid. And moreover becaufe that daily great deceit is done in the winding, wrapping and making fleeces of wool within this realm, by the owners of the fame wool* by putting in the feme fleeces locks of wool, and pieces of worfe wool than the fleece is, and alfo putting in the feme fleeces tarr, (tones,fend, graft, ordirt* to the great damage of the buyer of the fame wool within this realm of England,, and to the great reproof and damage of the merchants of tms realm of Eng-land, which carry the feme wools out of the faid realm: our fovereign lord the King hath ordained and eflabliftied by authority aforefaid, That every perfon withurthis realm of Eng-landy that will fell any wools in any part Within the feme realm of England by way of fele, from the laid feaft of Saint John ordained and provided, that the feme wool be well and lawfully wound, without doing any deceit in the feme, upon pain to forfeit to the King for every fuch fleece, in which any fuch defeuk fhall be found* fix pence. And that the juftfces of peace of our

fovereign

Digitized by

Google

7463.]	* Anno primo Edwardi IV.	353

fovereign lord the King in every county, city, and town of this realm of England, have authority and power to enquire of the Jufticeiof fcid deceits In their feilions of peace, and to hear and determine Peacc* the faid defaults as well by due examination as otherwife. Moreover he hath ordained and eftablifhed by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon, inhabiting within this realm of England, other than merchants ftrangers, from the faid feaft of Saint John,

(hall freight nor charge within this realm of England or WaUsy Merchnnts any (hip or other venel of any alien or ftrangen, with any mer- Grangers, chandifes to be carried out of the faid realm of England or Wales y nor (hall bring into the fame, if he may have fufficicnt freight in the (hips or vcffels of denizens of this realm, upon pain to forfeit the fame merchandifes, the one half to our faid fovereign lord the King, and the other half to him or them, which (hall Ships, feife the fame merchandifes. And that this prefent ftatute and ordinance, concerning wools and woolfels, morling and (hor-ling, and alfo the receipt of Bullion and the bringing; in of money, and alfo (hipping in the lhips of denizens, mall be in their force virtue and ftrength by three years next following the faid feafts of Saint John agd Saint Michael next coming in Si things according to the intent above declared and fpecified.

CAP. II.

Arefiraint of bringing corn into this realmy until it Jhall exceed certain prices.

WHEREAS the labourers and occupiers of hufbandry Com.

within this realm of England be daily grievoufly endamaged by bringing of com out of other lands and parts into this realm of England, when com of the growing of this realm is at a low price: our redoubted fovereign lord the King confidering the premifles, by the advice, aflent and authority aforefaid, hath ordained and eftablifhed. That no perfon from the feaft of Saint John the Baptift next coming (hall bring or convey into any place or port of this realm, by way of merchandife, nor other-wife, any wheat, rye, or barley, which is not of the growing of this land, or of any ifle pertaining to the fame, or of the growing of the country of Ireland or Walesy at any time that the quarter of wheat doth not exceed the price of fix (hillings eight pence. The quarter of rye doth not exceed the price of four (hillings. And the quarter of barley three (hillings of lawful money of England, within the place or port where (uch wheat, rye, or barley (hall happen to be brought, upon pain of forfeiture of the faid wheat, lye, and barley. The one half to the ufe of our fovereign lord the King, and the other half to him which (hall happen to feife fuch wheat, rye, or barley. Provided al- Repealed by ways, That this, a<ft extend not to any wheat, rye, or barley Ja€-1*C1** taken by any of the King's liege people upon the fea, without fraud or covin.

Vol.III.

A*

CAP.

Digitized by Google

35 4

Annoprimo EDWAKDl IV. (1465. CAP. IIL

Whofoever fhall bring into this realm any wrought Jilk to U fold, concerning the myftery of Jilk-workers,Jhallforfeit the fame, and x. 5.

Silk women. TTEM, it was (hewed in this prefent parliament to our fove-S3 !h**c*5* X reign lord the King, and to the lords of the parliament, fay 1	the fiflL-women, and fpinfters of filk within the city of London,

a h! 7. clot* That divers Lombards and other aliens ftrangers, imagining to deftroy their crafts and ail fuch virtuous occupations for women within this land, to the intent to enrich themfelves* and to put fuch occupations into other lands, daily bringing into this realm of England wrought filk, wrought ribbands, and laces falfely and deceitfully wrought, corfes of (ilk, and all manner of other things touching the lame myfteries and occupations rea~ WsoocfatfHk. dy wrought, and will not bring in any unwrought filk as they * were wont to do, to the final deftru&ion of the faid occupation* and myfteries: our faid moft redoubted fovereign lord the King confidering the premilTes, by the advice, aflent, and authority of the lords fpiritual and temporal, an(f at the requeft of thq commons aforefaid, hath ordained, enaded and eftablifhed. That if any Lombard, or any other perfon ft ranger or denizen bring or do to be brought by way of merchandife any wrought filk, thrown ribbands, laces, corfes of filk, or any other thing touching or concerning the myftery of filk workers in any part or place of this realm of England from beyond the fea: that then the fame wrought filk, thrown ribbands, laces, corfes, and other things fo brought and wrought, touching the fame myftery, (hall be forfeit; and that every feller of any of the things above named, brought as afore is faid, (hall forfeit for every default ten pound, the one half thereof to be levied and had to the ufe of the expences of the King’s houfe, and he that will fue for the fame, (hall have the other half of the fame forfeiture. And that it be lawful to every perfon or perfons of the King’s liege people to have and maintain an adion or adions of defat at every time, as well for the fame forfeiture of the faid ten pound, as for the thing fo forfeit: and procefs of outlawry in the fame and all other precedes as in an adion of debt at the common law, and that in the (?mc no protedion nor edoin to be allowed. And that the mayor of the faid city then for the time being, have fufficient power and authority to aflign two, three, or four fufficient and credible men of the fame city by bis difcretioa, to be fwom upon a book to make due fearch within the fame city and the liberty thereof, as often as to them . fhall feem expedient of all things had or done contrary to the 1 premifics. And they to make due relation to the mayor and aldermen of the faid city for the time being, for more plain information in thi* behalf to our faid foyereign lord the King, and to thofe perfons which will fue for the fame. And that this .find ordinance abide and be in his force .and take effed at the

fcaft

Digitized by Google

1463.] Anno primo EdwaKdi IV.	255

feaft of Saint Peter called Ad vincula next coming. And this ordinance (hall endure till the end of five years next enfuing.

CAP. IV.

Certain merebandifes not lawful to be brought ready wrought into this realm.

ITEM come en le dit parle- TTEM, whereas in the fold Thc inconvenient par lartificers des mef-	X parliament, by the	artificers niencic*	enfu-

tiers mainuelx hommes&fem-	of manual occupations,	men and !ng	bring-

mes en la cite de Loundres he women, inhabiting and refident in autres citeez villez burghs & the city ^London, and other ei- into^sTeaLn, villages deins ceft Roialme &	ties, towns, boroughs,	and viU

Gales inhabitauntz & refeauntz	lages within the fame	realm of

piteoufment ad efte monftre & England and Wales, it hath Compleigne coment toutz ceux beenpiteoufiy Jhcwed and complaints general & chefcun deux ed, how that all they in general, font graundement empoverez and every of them, be greatly im~

& grevoufment endamagez & poverijhed, and much kindred and prejudicez de lour encrece du prejudiced of their worldly increafe, mond & vivre cotidian par la and daily living, by the great mul~ graund multitude des divers titude of divers commodities and chaffres & wares a leur meftiers wares pertaining to their myjle-he occupations apparteignaunt- ries and occupations, being fully ez efteantz pleinement overez wrought, and ready made tofale* he preft faitz al vende fibien par as well by the hands of Jlrangers,

Ies mains deftraungez efteantz being the King's enemies, as other enemies du Roy come autres in this realm and Wilts, fetched en ceft royalme « Gales de la and brought from beyond the fea,

Ie mere amefnez fibien parmer- as well by merchant Jlrangers, as chantz eftranges come deinf- denizens and other perfons, where-zeins & autres perfones dount of thegreateft part in fubfiance is la greindre part en fubftance deceitful, and nothing worth in eft aeceivable & nient vaillable regard of any man's occupation or en regard del occupation ou profit-, (2) by whichoccaficn the prouffit dafeuny a caufe de qoy faid artificers cannot live by their les ditz artificers par leurs mel- myfieries and occupations, as they tiers & occupations vivre ne have done in times paft, but di-poient ficome es jours paflez vers of them, as wellkoujholders ils foloient mes plufours de ce- as hirelings,and other fervants and ux fibien hoftielx tenauntz co- apprentices in great number, beat me condudlz &autres fervaun- this day unoccupied, and do hardly its he apprentifes en graund live, in great mifery, poverty, and nombre ceftuy jour font enoc- need, whereby manyinconveniencies cupicz & en graund udifte po- have grown before this time, and verte & ruine vivont cheitif- hereafter more be like to come ment dount plufours enconve- (which God dtfend) if due re-silences ount devaunt ceft temps medy be not in this behalf provided: avenuz et plufours enapres font (3) our redoubted fovercign femblablez avenirs qe Dieu de- lord the King, confidering the fende ti remedic ent ne foit premifles* and willing in this

pur-' A a 2	cafit

cafe to provide remedy, by the advice, affent, and authority aforefeid, hath ordained, enacted, and edabli(hed, That no merchant, bom a fubjeft of our faid lord the King, denizen, or ftranger, nor other perfon, after the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel next coming, (hall bring, lend, nor convey,norcaufeto be brought, fent, nor conveyed, into this realm of England, and feigni-ory of Wales, any of the chaffers, wares, or things underwritten ^ that is to fay, any woolen caps, woolen cloths, laces, corfes, ribbands, fringes, of filk and of thread, laces of thread, (ilk twined, (ilk in any wife embroidered, laces of ;old, Tires of filt or gold, fad-les, dirrups, or any harnefles pertaining to faddles, (purs, Bofles of bridles, aundirons, gridirons,any manner of locks, hammers, pinfons, fire-ton»s, drippingpans, dice, tenis-balls, points, purfes, gloves, girdles, harnefs for girdles, ot iron, latten, fteel, tin,orofalkemine, any thing wrought of any tawed leather, any tawed furrs, bufeans, (hoes, galoches, or corks, knives, daggers, wood-knives, bodkins, meersfortay-lors, feiflars, razors, (heaths,

___________ playing	cards,	pins, pattlns,

piling card* pack-needles, any painted ware, and dice, forcers, calkets, rings of cop-f °t^nib C l? Per’ or latten chaffing-

Certain roer-chandifes not lawful to be brought into this realm ready wrought., s R. 3. C.M. a* Ed. 4. c.3

*7 Eliz. e.n. This aft in force fo far at k relates to

5 Geo.

di(hes, hanging candledicks, ’ chaffing balls, facring bells, rings for curtains, ladles, fcum-mers, counterfeit bafons^wers. Enforced as to hats, brufhes, cards for wool, cards for blanch iron thread, commonly wool, by 1 y 8c <pl]cd and named JVhite Wire, 24 ar.». c.19. praay 0f thofe wares or chaffers, to be uttered and fold yithin the fame realm of England,

purveu. Nollre dit foverain feign ur le Roy les premiflez con-fiderant de ladvis aflent & auc-torite fuifditz ad ordeigne & ef-tablie qe null merchant neez fubgiet du Roi deinfzein nef-traunge ne afeune autre perfo-ne apres le fed de Seint Michell larchangell profehein avenir a-mefne maunde ne convoie ne caufe dafmener maunder ne convoier en ceft roialme dEn-gleterre Sc feignourie de Gales afeuns de cedes wares ouchofes defbubz eferiptez cedadavoir afeuns bonettes lanuz afeuns draps lanuz laces corfes ribans frenges de foie & de file laces de file foie eniile foie en afeua maner enbraudez laces dor tires de foie ou dor fellez eftri-vens ou afeune herneife regardant as fellers efperons mokins pur freines aundirons gredimes afeuns maners ferures martens vulgarement nomraez hamers pinfons firetongesdrepyngpan-nesdifes tenysballes pointes laces burfes ^auntz ceindtes har-neis pur cem&es de feme de la-ton dafler dedaine ou de alke-mine afeune chofe overee daf-cun qufrre tawe afeun maner' pellure tawe hufeons folers ga-Ioges ou corkes cotels daggers wodeknyves botkynsfherespur taillours cifours rafours (hethes cardes a juer efpinges patins agules pur faces vulgarement nommez paknedles afeune ma-nere ware depeinte forcers caf-kettes aneus de coper fuiforre ou de laton ou chauffyngdifhes chaundelers pendauntz ou ef-tantz lavours pendantz chauf-fingballes fakeringbelles aneus pur curteins ladels fcomers countrefeit bafyns ewers hattes brufihes cardes pur laine ou blanc file de ferre vulgarement Home Whitewyrc ou afeuns de

ceux



Digitized by LjOOQle

1463-] Anno tertio Edwardi IV.

ceux deftre utterez & venduz land, or in the county of Wales *

357

deins ceft royalme ou Gales par voie de merchandife fur peine de forfeire ceux & chef-cun de ceux a chefcun foitz & a tauntz de foitz come ils pu-iffent eftre trovez cn les mains dafcune perfone ou perfones deftre venduz lune moite ent au Roi & lautre moite a celuy qi ceo primes feifera pur le Roi mefme la moite iflim feifie pur fe Roi deftre deliveree par le dit feifour ent a lefchetour del countee ou lieu lou dite feifine ferra par endentures entre ceux affairez a refpoundre ent due-ment en fon accompt.

Purveu toutz foitz qe fi af-cuns des ditz wares ou chaffa-res hors de ceft terre faitz foi-ent fur le mere prifez faunz fraude ou collufion ou veignent en ceft roialme ou Gales par voie de wrec qe ceux en nujle manere foient comprifez deinz ceft ordenaunce mes qe les pu-iflent eftre venduz deinz ceft roiakne ou Gales ceft ordenaunce niejit obftant,

Purveu auxi qe toutz wares & chafFares faitz & overez en Ir-lond ou Gales puiflent eftre amefnez & venduz en le dit roialme dEngleterre ficome ils foloient devaunt la feifaunce de ceft ordenaunce ceft ordenance nient obftant.

Et auxi ad ordeigne & ena&e

by way of merchandife, (4) upon pain to forfeit the fame merchandifes at every time, and as often as they may be found in the hands ot any perfon or perfons to be fola; the one half of the fame forfeiture to be paid to the ufe of our lord the King, and the other half to him that will first feife the feme for the King; (5) the feme half by him fo feifed for our lord the King to be delivered by the faid feifor thereof to the elcheator of the county or place where the fame feifing (hall be, by indenture betwixt them made, duly to anfwer thereof in his accompt.

II.	Provided always, That A provifo for if any of the faid wares or chaf- fuc" wares as fers made out of this land, be^^^J1!5’ taken upon the fea without wreck. * fraud or collufion, or come in

this realm of England, or the country of Wales* by way of wreck, that thofe be In no wife taken within this a& or ftatute, but that they maybe fold within this realm of England* or Wales* this a<ft or ftatute not-withftanding.

III.	Provided alfo, That all Wares made wares and chaffers made and Ireland or wrought in the land of Ireland,

or Wales, may be brought and% fold in this realm of England* as they were wont before the mak-

par laudlorke fuifdit qe les mai- ' ing of this ftatute, this a<ft o£ ftres ou gaWeins pur le temps ftatute notwithftanding.

efteantz de chefcun arte & me ftier en chefcun citee burgh vil-le & village lou afeun tiel arte ou meftier eft ufee ou occupie aient fufficient poair & audiorite en chefcun tiel citee burgh ville & village lou que ceux pur le temps efteantz ferront maiftres ou gardeins dafcune tiel arte ou meftier & le maire dautiel

IV.	Alfo our lord the King The chief offi-hath ordained and ftabli(hed,cers of cities, by the affent and authority a- ^*1!havt forefaid, That the mafters andfc^rchfor de-wardens for the time being, fcaive wares, of every cfaft and myftery in every city, borough, town, and village where any fuch craft or myftery is ufed or occupied,

(hall nave fufficient power and A a 3	autbo-

Anno tertio Edwardi IV.	[1463.

authority in every fuch city, dautiel citee ville burgh ou vil-town, oorough and village, lage pur le temps efteant fi where they for the time being afcun maire v foit ou les bail-fhall be wardens or mafters of Jifs ou baillit dautiel Citee ville any fuch craft or myftery, and burgh ou village pur le temps the mayor of fuch city, bo- efteantz fi afcuns baillifs ou rough, town, or village for the baillif y foit ou foient & null time being, if any mayor be, maire ou fergeant ou autre of-or the bailiffs or bailiff of any ficer a ceux affigne par les dit% fuch city, borough, town, or maire baillifs ou baillif & en village for the time being, if chefcun citee ville burgh & vil-any baillifs or baillif there be lage lou afcun del arte ou me-and no mayor, or ferjeant, or flier eft ufez ou occupies en any other officer to them af- quell nulles tielx maiftrcs ne figned by the faid mayor, bai- gardeins dafcune tiel arte ou lifts, or bailiff, in every fuch meftier fount qe les maiftres city, borough, town, and vil- ou gardeins des artes ou me-lage, where any fuch craft or fliers del citee ville burgh ou myftery is ufeq or occupied, village a icelluy prochein ad-where no fuch mafters nor joignaunt & le conftable dau-wardens of any fuch craft or tie! citee burgh ville ou village myftery be, that the mafters or aient poair & audorite de fer-wardens of the crafts and my- cher en lour propres artes & fleries of the city, town, bo- mefticrs&entoutz autres artes rough or village next adjoining & meftiers uttrantz par voie de to the fame, and the conftable vende afcuns de les ditz chaf-pf fuch city, town, borough, fares fibien deinz citees burghs pr village, fhall have power villes & villages dc ccft and authority to fearch in their roialme & Gales come deitiz own crafts and myfteries, and les liberties & fraunchifes mef-in all other crafts and myfte- mes les citee? burghs villes Sc fies, uttering by way of fide villages a tout temps refona-any of the aforefaid wares, as ble par jour es feirps & mcr-well within cities, boroughs, chees flioppes overtez & ware-towns, and villages of the Mine boufes toqtz maper* debt dud-realm of England\ and of the fares wares Sc jnerchandifes country of Wale^ as within the chefcun de lour propres artes liberties and franchife of the ^mefdersappurtenauntzqud? fame cities, boroughs, tpwns, les farront faitz par afcun ali-and villages, at all times rca-

pnd markets, (hops open, and

warehoufes, all fuch manner gf les au afcun temps ferrcmnt wares, chaffers, and merchant occupiez par afeun des mef-difes pertaining to every of their mes les artes ou mefticrs en proper crafts apd myfteries, qiqe mains qils puiffent eftre >vhich (hall be made by any a- trovez. lien, artificer, man or woman, Purveu tptit* fbitz qe les pr any other perfon or perfons ditz maiftres gardeins Sc autres within the fame realm of Eng- cn la dite oraenaunce nppiez land or or which at any deftre ferchtoufs neptrent pas

finable by the day, at fairs

time

Digitized by

Google

en afeun lieu exempt p*r privilege franchife ou cuftuttfe de fake en icdl afcun ferche come devaunt eft dit finon par fur-veu dafcun officer de chefcun autiel lieu iffint exempt lou ■(cun tiel ferche deftrc nit avi-endra. £t ft les ditz ferchours par mefdne le ferche trovent qe tielx chaffares wares ou tner-chandifes ou afeune part ent ne foit ou foient purez loialx Sc ables chaffares wares ou merchandifes & droitement faitz Sc overez ficome ils duif-fent eftre & cco duement prove qe adonqes y lirra as tielx fer-cheours de prendre A feifer come' chofe forfait toutz tielx chaffares wares S merchandifes queux iffint ferront trovez ni-cot bons purez loialx ou ables ne droitement overez June moite ent au Roi dappertei-gner it lautre moite ent au tielx maiftres ou gardeins qi iffint ferront ferche & ceo troveront. Et qe ceft prefent ordenaunce les ditz artificers concemant eftoife & foit en fon force auxi Jongement come y jderra a no* ftre feignur le Roy.

Purveu auxi qe ne ceft orde* naunce it adte ne null autre ordenaunce ou adfe fait ou affaire en ceft prefent parlemcnt extende ne ne foil prejudicial ou damageous a Robert Stillyngton dent dean del franc chapell du Roy de feint Martyn ■found de Loundrcs ne a fes lucce(fours du dit chapell enap-res pur le temps eiieamz en afcun rtianere ne a le dit Robert deane Sc chfcpttre de mefme la chapdl come en it pur toutz matters privileges libertees fraunChifes droites & cuftumes as «ix apperteignauntz en afcun manere devaunt mefme cefty parlemcnt qe al afeune

puf

time (hall be occupied by any of the faid crafts or myfteries, in whofe hand foetrer they may be found.

V.	Provided alfo. That the faid matters, wardens, and o-ther named in the faid ordinance to be fearchers, (hall not

enter in any place exempt by Wares and privilege, franchise, or cuftom, merchandifes to make in the fame any fearch, d»the not as is aforefaid, but by the over- , fight of fome officer of every fuch place fo exempt, where any fuch fearch (hall happen to be made. (1) And if the faid fearchers by the fame fearch do find. That fuch chaffers, wares, or merchandifes, or any part thereof, be not pure, lawful, and able chaffers, wares, or merchandifes, and duly wrought and made, as they ought to be, and that fuffiv ciently proved, that then It (hall be lawful to fuch fearchers, to take and feife all fuch chaffers, wares, and merchandifes, which (hall be fo found not good, pure, lawful or able, nor well wrought, as a thing forfeitj (3) the one half of the fame forfeiture to be paid to the ufe of our lord the King, and the other half thereof to fiich mailers or wardens which fb fhall make fearch and find the fame. (4) And that this Hrwfer prefent ordinance or ftatute aet conti-concerning the faid artificers ”**>

(land, and be in his force, as long as fhall pleafe our fove-reign lord the King.

VI.	Provided always, That^n* liberties this ordinance and aft, nor of Great Saint

any other ordinance or aft Martin’* in made, or to be made, in this J-°nd®n prefent parliament, fhall ex- ,erve * tend or in any wife be prejudicial or hurtful to Robert -tingtwh clerk, dean of the free 4	chapel

Digitized by

Google

f

$60	Anno	tcrtio	Edwardi	IV".	[^463.

chapel of our lord the King, of perfone ou per (onesdemurantz St. Martin le Grand of London, ou enhabitantz ou qc enapres nor to his fucceflors of the faid demuront ou enhabitront deim chaple hereafter for the time la feintuarie& procmft dcmef-. being in any manner •, (2) nor me la chapell & fpecialrocnt to the (aid Robert, dean and deinz la venelle appelle com-chapiter of the fame chaple, 3s munement feint Martyns lane* in and for all manner of privileges, liberties, franchifes, rights and cuftoms in iny manner pertaining to them before this parliament; (3) nor to any perfon or perfons dwelling or inhabiting, or which (hall hereafter inhabit and dwell, within the sanctuary and prccin# of 5 c# the fame chaple, and efpecially within the lane commonly called

*\&'4 St. Martin's Lane. c. 13.

C A P. V.

What kind of apparel men and women of every vocation and degree are allowed\and what prohibited to wear.

Ex edit. Rail. TTEM, prayen the commons in the faid parliament affitm-Apparel. X bled to our faid fovereign lord the King, to reduce to his ’-4!c. i.	remembrance,	that	in	the times of his noble progeni-

1 H. %. c. 14/ tors divers ordinances and ftatutes were made in this realm of 7 H. 8. c. 6. England for the apparel and array of the commons of the fame realm, as well of men as of women, fo that none of them ought to ufe or wear any inordinate and exceffivc apparel, but only according to their decrees; which ftatutes and ordinances not-withftanding, for default of punifhment and putting them in due execution, the commons of the faid realm, as well men as yvomen, have worn and daily do wear exceflive and inordinate array and apparel, to the great difjpleafure of Qpd, and impo-verifhing of this realm of England, and to theen rioting of other ftrange realms and countries, to the final deftrudion of the huf-bandry of this (aid realm: our faid fovereign lord the King, by the advice ai>d affect of the faid lords, and at the fpecial requeft of the faid commons aflembled in the faid parliament, and by authority of the fame, hath ordained and eftablifhed. That no knight, under the eftate of a lord, other than lords children, nor no yvife of fuch knight, foom ;the feaft of the purification of pur lady, which (hall be in the year pf our Lord God one thou-fand four hundred fixty five mall wear any manner cloth of gold, or any corfes wrought with gojd, or any furr of fables. And if any fuch knight do the contrary, or fuffer his wife or child (the fame child being under his rule and governance) to do the contrary, that then he (hall forfeit for every fuch .default xx. li. to the King. And alfo that no bachelor knight, nor his wife, from the faid feaft, (hall wear any cloth of velvet upon velvet, £ut fuch knights which be of the order of the Garter #and their wivds^ upon pain to forfeit to the King’s ufe for every fuch default twenty marks. Alfo that no perfon under the ftate of a lord, from the faid feaft wear any manner cloth of filk, being pf the colour of purpje^ upon pain tp forfeit to Jj\e King for

every

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1463.]	Anno tertio Edwardi IV.

every default* x. li. Alfo that no efquire nor gentleman, nor none other under the degree of a knight, nor none of their wives, ex-xept the fons of lords and their wives, and the daughters, of lords, enquires for the King’s body, and their wives, (hall wear from the (aid feaft any velvet, fatin branched, nor any counterfeit cloth of (ilk refembling to the fame: or any corfes wrought like to velvet or fatin branched, or any furr of ermine, upon pain to forfeit for every default ten marks to the King’s ufe. And that no efquire nor gentleman, nor none other under the degrees above rehearfed, (hall wear from the faid feaft any damafk or fatin except the menial efquires, fergeants officers of the King’s houfe, yeomen of the crown, yeomen of the King’s chamber, and enquires, and gentlemen having pofleffions to the yearly valueof xl. li. and their wives, and widows having likepof-feffions, and the daughters unmarried of perfons having pofleffions Jo the value of a hundred pounds by year, upon pain to forfeit to the King for every default a hundred (hillings. Provided always. That the ftewara, chamberlain, treafurer, and comptroller of the King’s houfe, and knights for his body and their wives, may wear furrs of fables and ermines. And that the mayors of the cky of London, which be or have been, or hereafter for the time (hall be, and their wives, may wear fuch array as before is limited to bachelor knights, and to their wives. And that fuch which be or have been, or for the time (hall be, aldermen or recorders of the fame city, and all mayors and (heriffs of the cities, towns, or borougns of this realm of England, fuch as be counties corporate, and all mayors and bailiffs of all other cities, and of every of the five ports, and the barons of the fame ports, fuch as have been chofen and affigned, or hereafter (hall be chofen and affigned to do their fervice at the coronation of the King our fovereign lord, or of my lady the Queen. And mayors of boroughs corporate, being (hire towns, and the mayors and bailiffs of Colchejler and Lynn, and the recorders of the faid cities, boroughs and towns, being counties corporate, and of all other cities now being recorders, or which have been or in time to come (hall be, ?md the aldermen of the fame and their wive&in like manner, may ufe and wear fuch array as before is limited to efquires and gentlemen before fpecified, having pofleffions to the yearly value of forty pounds. And alfo our faid fovereign lord the King hath ordained and ftablifhed in this prefent parliament, That no man but fuch as have pofleffions to the yearly value of forty pounds or above, (hall wear from the faid feaft any furr of martrons letufc pure gray or pure my-aiver, nor no wife. Con, daughter, nor fervant of any man, (the fame fon or daughter being in his rule and governance) nor no widow but fuch as hath pofleffions of the (aid yearly va-lue-of forty pounds, (hall ufe nor wear any of the faia furrs, or any girdle garni (lied with gold or filver, in any part of the'fame gilt, dr any corfe of filk made out of this realm of England, or any coverchiefs, whereof the price of a plite lhall exceedthe fum qf iii. (hjjlipgs four pence, upon pain to forfeit to the King for

every

Digitized by

Google

36*

Anno tertio ECWakdi IV;	[1463.

•very default thereof,five marks. Provided always. That the laid menial efquires, fergeants, officers of theKing’s noufe, yeomen of the crown, yeomen of the King’s chamber, and efquires and gentlemen, having pofleffions of the faid yearly valueofforty pounds and theaforefaid mayors, recorders, aldermen, (heriffs, and bai> lifts of every of the laid cities, towns, and boroughs, and the laid barons of the five ports of the realm of England, and alfo their wives may wear the faid fbrrs of martrons, foyns, letufe, pure gray, or pure miniver, and alfo that their faia wives may ufe ana wear gilt girdle*, and coverchiefs, of the price of five (hillings the plite. Moreover, he hath ordained and ftablifhed; That no man but fuch as hath pofleffions of the yearly value of xl s. (hall wear in array for his body, from the faid feaft, any fuftian, buftian not fuftian of Naples, fcarlet, cloth in grain, nor no furr but black or white lamb. All mayors, aldermen, (heriffs, barons of the five ports, bailiff of cities and boroughs, and other before provided and their wives, and the menial fcr-Vants of yeomens degree, of lords and knights, efquires, and other gentlemen having pofleffions of the laid yearly value of forty pounds, except upOn pain of forty (hillings to be forfeit to the King for every luch default. Alio he hath ordained and ftablifhed, That no yeoman, nor none other perfon under the fame degree, from the faid feaft of St. Pettr called ai vincula which (hall be in the year of our Lord M.CCCC. ixv. (hall uft nOr wear in array for ms body, any holders nor fluffing of wool; cotton, nor cadas, nor any (ruffing in his doublet, but only lining according to the fame, upon pain to forfeit to the King’s ufe for every fuch default fix (hillings and eight pence. Alfo Cruf (aid fovereign lord the King, by the advice and aflent a-forefsid, hath ordained and ftablilhea, That no knight; under (he eftate of a lord, efqaire, gentleman, nor none other per-foh, ffiaU ufe or wear from the feaft of All , which (hall be In the!-year of oUr Lord M.CCCC.lxv. any gown, jacket, or ooat, unkfs it be of fuch length that the lame may cover his privy members and buttocks, upon pain to forfeit to the King for every default twenty (hillings. Alfo by the aflent afore-laid, it it ordained. That no taylor after the faid find, (hall make to ally perfon, any gown, jacket, or coat of lefs length, or doublet miffed contrary to the premifles, upon the fame pain for every default. And alfo hath ordained and ftablifhed, in the (bid prefent parliament. That no knight under the date of a lord, dquhe, gentleman, nor other perfon, (hall ufe nor wear,- after the find feaft of St. Pettr, any (hoes for boots having pikes puffing the length of two inches, upon pain to forfeit to the King for evdry default, three (hillings ana four pence. And if any moeaftaker make any pikes of (hoes, or boots after the feid feaft of St. Peter, to any of the faid perfons, contrary to this Ordinance, he (hall likewife forfeit to the King for every default four (hillings four pence. Alfo he hath ordained and ftablifhed, by the advice and aflent aforefaid. That no fervent of hufbandryr, nor no common labourer nor fervant, nor

any

2

Digitized by v^ooQle

1463.}	Anno	tertio Edwardi IV.	363

any artificer dwelling out of a city or borough, after the (aid feaft of AU Saints, (nail ufc nor wear in their clothing any cloth, whereof the broad yard (hall pafs the price of two (hillings, nor that any of the (aid labourers nor fervants fuffer any of their wives to wear after the fame feaft, any doathing of higher price than before is limited to their hu(bands, nor that they duffer any of their (aid wives, after the fame feaft, to wear any coverchiefs, whereof the price of the plite (hail pafs twelve pence, nor that none of the fame fervants nor labourers, after the fame feaft, (hall wear any dofe hofen, whereof the pair (hall pals in price fourteen pence, nor that the fiune fervants nor labourers, nor none of their wives, from the faid feaft, (hall wear any girdle garni(hed with Hirer, upon pain to forfeit for every default to the King three (hillings four pence. And bccaufe that cover-chiefs daily brought into this realm do induct great charge and coft in the fame, and in effed in wafte, our faid fovereign lord the King, by theauthority aforefaid, hath ordained and ftablifiled, That no perfon, dfter the feaft of St. Michael the archangd, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand five hundred fixty five, (hall (ell in any part within this realm, any lawn, niefles,umple, or any other manner of coverchiefs, whereof the plite (hall exceed ten (hillings, upon pain to forfeit to the King for every plite fold at an higher price, thirteen (hillings and four pence. Alfo he hath ordained and ftablifhed. That the juf-tices of peace of every county, mayors of cities and boroughs within this realm, (hall have authority and power, to enquire, hear and determine all and every of the faid defaults and forfeitures, as well by enquiry, as by due examination of every of the faid offenders contrary to this ordinance. And the matters and caufes concerning the faid offences and forfeitures to determine by like procefs and in like manner and form before attainder in this behalf as is commonly ufed by them of a trefpafs done with force and arms againft the King’s peace, and after the attainder like execution. And if any matter, touching any of the faid offences, be removed of any of the (aid juftices of peace, or mayors, before the King, that then the juftices af-figned for pleas before the King to be holden, (hall have power to award fuch procefs and execution in this behalf, as before is limited. Alfo he hath ordained and ftabliftied, T*hat all tho (aid forfeitures, and every of them, (hall be levied, applied, and employed to the ufc and expences of the King’s houfe. Provided always, That this ftatute of array be in no wife prejudicial or hurtful to any perfon, of and for wearing of any Ornament, vefture, or apparel in doing of divine (mice, and attending to the fame. Nor that this ordinance extend to the juftices of any bench of our fovereign lord the King, mafter or warden of the rolls, mafter of the King’s chancery, barons of the King’s exchequer, nor chancellor of the fame, which now be, or hereafter (hall be, nor to any of them. Provided alfo. That the feholars of the univerfities of this realm and fcholars of any univerfity out of this realm, - may wear fuch array as they may

wear

Digitized by

Google

/■

The inconve-n i end c» which have entiled to this realm by the deceitful making of ' cloth, s j. c* 8*

Anno quarto Edwardi IV.	[	1464;

wear by the rule of the faid univerfities, notwithftanding this ordinance. Provided alfo, That henchmen, heralds, purfui-vants, fwordbearers to mayors, meflengers, and minftrels, nor none of them, nor players in their interludes, (hall not be com-prifed within this ftatutc. Nor no perfons a? for wearing of any purfes, broches, or crowns for caps of children, (hall be comprifed within the fame. Provided alfo, That this ordinance do in no wife extend to any manner of array neceflarily to be worn in war, or in the feats of the fame.

Statutes made at Wefiminfter, Ayino 4 Edw. IV. and Anno Dom. 1464.

OU R lord King Edward the Fourth after the conquejl, at his parliament fummoned at Weftminfter the nine and twentieth day of April, in the third year of his reigny and by divers prorogations and adjournments continued till the one and twentieth day of January, in the fourth year of his faid reign, on the fame one and twentieth day of January, to the reverence of God, andfor the Xvealth of him and his people, by the advice and affent of bis lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the Jfecial requejl of his commons being in the Jaid parliament, hath ordained and .eftablifbed certain jlatutes and ordinances in manner tendformfollowing.

NOSTRE feignur le Roy Edward puis le conqueft quart a fon parlement futn-monez a Weftm’ le xxix. jour dAprill lan defon reigne tierce & par diverfes prorogations & adjornments jufqes le xxj. jour de Janiver Ian de fon reigne quart continuez mefme le xxj. jour de Janiver al reverence de Dieu hi pur le bien de luy & fon jpeople de ladvis & allent des (eignurs efpirituelx & tem-porelx & a fpeciall requeft de fez communez en fon dit parlement efteantz & par laudto-rite de mefme le parlement fift ordeigner & eftablier certeins eftatgtes & ordenaunces en la fourme qenfuit.

CAP. I.

Tie length and breadth of cloths made to be fold. No cloths wrought beyond fea Jhall be brought into England.

FIRST, TWereas many years pafy and now at this day, the yjorkman/hip of clothsy and things requifite to the famey is and hath been offuch fraud, de-ceity and falfity, that the faid cloths in other lands and countries be had in fmall reputation, to the great Jbame of this land; (2) and by reafon thereof a great quantity of cloths of other Jlrarfge lands be brought

EN primes pur ceo qe come plufours ans paffez il ad efte & en cedes jours il eft qe loveraigne de draps & les mem-bres & requifites a icell fuift hi eft de tiel fraude dcceite & ftulxine qe le dit draps es parties dautres terres neft pas eue en afeune reputation en graunt hount de ceft terre & par en-chefori de ceo draps dautres eftraun^

Digitized by L^ooQLe

1464.]	Anno	quarto	Eqwardi IV.	365

eftraunges terres font amelhez brought into this realm, and here en eraund quantite en mefme fold at an high and exceffwe price,

Ic Roialme ic illeoqes venduz evidently Jbewing the offence, de-del hault ic exceffive price fault, and fal/hood of the making monftrant clerement loftenfir of woolen cloths of this land\ defaute ic faulxine en la fai- (3) our faid lord the King, for fance de draps du laine de ceil the remedy of the premises, terre noftre dit feignur le Roy and to the preferment of fuch pur la remument de les pre- labours and occupations which mifles ic en preferrement de have been ufed by the making tielx labours he occupations of the faid cloths, by the ad*

Sjuelles ount efte ufez par la vice, aflent, and requeft, and eifance du dit draps de ladvis authority aforefaid, hath or-aflent requeft ic audtorite a- dained and eftabliftied certain vauntditz ad ordeigne ic efta- ftatutes and ordinances in man* blie certeinz ftatutz ic orde- ner and form enfuine. (4) naunces es manere ic fourme Firft, Thateverv whole wool-enfuantz. Primerementordeig- en cloth, callea broad cloth, andbratithof nez eft ic eftablie par Iau6to- which (hall be made and fet bfoad cloths, rite fuifdit qe chefcun entier to fale after the feaft called Rep. 5 &6 Ed* drap lanutz appellez brode Saint Peter ad Vincula, which c* cloth qe ferra fait & mis a vend (hall be in the year of our Lord a le left de feint Pier appelle M.CCCC.LXV. after the full ladvincie qi ferra en lan de watering and racking, ftrain* feignur millc CCCCIxv. apres ing, or tenturing 01 the fame plein enewance rakkyng ftrey- ready to fale, (nail hold and nyng ou tenturyng aiceH preft contain in length xxiv. yards, a vende teigne ic conteigne en and to every yard an inch, longeur xxiiij. aulnes & a chef- containing tne breadth of a cun aulne un pouz conteig- man's thumb, to be meafured nant la laeure du pouz lomme by the creft of the fame cloth; deftre mefurez par la creft de and in breadth ii. yards, or vii.	N

mefme le drap ic en Iaeur ij. quarters at the leaft within the aulnes ou vii. quarters au meins lifts. (5) And if the faid cloth deinz les liftes et ft le dit drap be longer in meafure than the loit pluis long en mefure qe les faid xxiv. yards and the inches, ditz xxiiij. aulnes & les pouz then the buyer thereof (hall donqe lachatour dicell paiera al pay to the feller for as much as

venaour pur ceo qe Icxcede doth exceed fuch meafure of ..............

autiel mefure de xxiiij. aulnes xxiv. vards, according to the folonc la rate de la mefure de- rate ot the meahire above or-* fuis ordeignez.	dained. x

Auxi ordeignez eft & efta- II. And it is enadled and! The length blie par iaudtorite fuifdit qe eftablifhed by the authority a-and breadth of toutz maners draps appelles forefaid, That all manner ftreites deftre faitz & mifes a cloths called ftreits, to be made vend puis le dit feft apres plein and put to fale after the fame enewance rakkyng ftrejnyng feaft, after the full watering pu tenturyng dicell preft al and racking, draining or ten-vend teigne ic conteigne en turinr thereof, ready to fale, longeur xij. aulnes ic les pouz (hall hold and contain in length folonc	xii,‘

The length and breadth of kerfeys.

Half cloths.

Lambs wool, Hocks, or cork, (hall no< be put into cloth but for certain caufes By 7 Ed. 4.0.1 flocks may be put into doth in the hundreds of Lif-ton, Tavi-flock, and Rawburgh in Devon.

Anno quarto Edwardi IV. £1464.

xii. yards and the inches, according to the meafure afore-faid, and in breadth one yard within the lifts.

HI. Alfo it is ordained and eftablilhed by the authority aforefaid, Tnat every cloth called kerfey, to be made and put to fale after the faid feaft, after the full watering, racking, (training, or tenturing the feme ready to fale, (hall hold and contain in length xviii. yards and the inches, as is a-forefeid, and in breadth one yard and a nail, or at the leaft one yard, within the lifts.

IV.	Alfo it is ordained and eftabliftted by the authority a-forefaid. That every half cloth of every of the raid whole Cloths, ftreits* and kerfeys, (hall keep his meafure in length and breadth according to the rate, form, and nature of his whole doth aforefeid. (2) And that no perfon which (hall make, or caufe to be made, any woolen cloth to fell after the faid feafts, (hall mingle, or put in or upon the fame cloth, nor the wool whereof the faid cloth (hall be made, any lambs wool, flocks, or cork, in any manner, upon pain to forfeit %x s. for every cloth or half cloth. Wherein or whereupon any fuch lambs wool, flocks, or cork, (hall be put or mingled ; (3) the one half thereof to be to the King, and the other half to him that will feife the fame cloth, and duly prove tfie fame to be made contrary to this ordinance: (4) Jut it (hall be lawful for him to make doth of lambs wool *>y itfelf, without mingling with any other wool; (5) except alfo that cork maybe ufed ta dying upon woaded wool,

and

folonc la ipefure avauntdit & en laeure une aulne deinz let liftes.

Auxi ordeignez eft & efta-blie par laudlorite fuifHit qe chefcun drap appelle kerfeie deftre feit & mife a vend puis le dit fed apres plein cnewance rakkyng ftreynyng ou tentu-ryng dicell preft al vend teigne & conteigne en longeure xviij. aulnes Sc les pous come devaunt eft dit & en laeure une aulne & la naile ou au meins une aulne deinz les liftes.

Auxi ordeignez eft & efta-blie par lauctorite fuifdit qe chefcun dimi drap de chefcun de les entiers draps ftreites Sc kerfeis garde fa mefure en lon-geur Sc laeure folonc la rate fourme & nature de fon entier drap avauntdit. Et c^e nulle perfone qe ferra ou affaire ferra afeun manere drap lanuz au vend a le dit fed mdle ou mette en ou fur mefme le drap ne en la leine dont le dit drap ferra fait afcune leine dagnell flok-kes feu ou cork en afeun manere fur peine de forfeiture de xx s. pur chefcun drap ou dimi drap en quell ou fur quell al-cun tiel laine dagnell flokkes feu ou cork ferra ou ferront mis ou mellez lune moite ent de remainer a Roy Sc lautre moite ent a celuy qi feifera af-tiel drap Sc duement provera icelt eftre fait contrarie a ceft ordenaunce fbrfprife qil lifera de feire du laine dagnell par luy mefme faunz afcune com-mixtion ovefqe afcune autre laine forfprife au^i qe cork poet eftre ufee en tindhire fur laine waidez Sc auxi en tin6hire de tout tiel drap qeft tantfoule-ment feite de laine waidez if-(int qe mefmes les hine & drap foient parfitement couftz & ma-derez

Digitized by Google

1464*1 Aqno quarto

derez forfprife auxi qe cork poet eftre mife fur drap qe eft parfitement coi<fte & madere.

Au^j prdeignez eft Sc efta-blie qe chefcun de Ies dit* draps Sc dimi draps purfue Sf fue parfitement & droitment Oune ordre doveraigne parmy a une finejufqes lautre faunz di-yerfite cn texture fullure knbt-tyng ou burlyng et $n c^s q$ aicune autiel diverfite ou raw$ fkawe cokell ou fagge aveigne deftre en afcun part des drt^ draps ftreites ou kerfeies qe a* donqes une feale de plumb pur icell ordeigner & par le trc-fbrer dEngieterre pur le temp$ eftcant avifer foit mis Sc pend* en lextreme part del margins de m?fme le drap ftreite. ou kerfeie pur coignifaunce & en-tendement deftre euez a lacha-toyr dicell et qe chefcun de les ditz draps ftreite & kerfeie de longeure Sc laeure avauntditz & auxi dd perfection fuifdit foit a le feft de feint Peere lad-vinde enfealc al fine dicell ovec une double print en plumb par k dit trcforer femblemcnt de-vifer Sc ordeigner en tefmoigne & recorde ae les avauntditz foiall longeur laeure Sc perfection. Et fi afcun des avauntditz draps ftreites ou kerfeis ne conteigne mie lavauntditz laeqr & longeur ou ne foit mie dfcl

Eerfit overaigne avauntdit Sc ss deux parties des mefmes les draps ftreites ou kerfeies Ibien del verrai Sc perfit overaigne avauntdit gardauntz les ditz longeure Sc laeure qe adon-qes chefcun tiel drap ftreite & kerfeie ibit enfeale ove les at-vauntditz feales en la fourme avauntdit. Et qe chefcun dimi drap Sc drap conteignaunt gre-indre longeur qe le dimi drap Sc meindre longeur qe lender

Edward* IV.

3*7

and alfo in dying of all fuch cloth that is only made of woaded wool, fo that the fame wool and doth be pcrfoSUy boiled and madered; except alfo, that cork may be put upr on cloth which is perfectly boiled and madered.

V.	A11*! ft is ordained and ciothi <haU enafled, That every of the perfectly pur-faid cloths aod half cloths flaaji we one order perfectly and rightly purfut j£j"orknun~ and follow one order of work-? F'J manflyp from one end to the other, without difference in the weaving, fulling, knotting* or burling; (2) and in cafe any fuch difference, or raw or ftaw coke! or fagge happen to A feil ofkad be m any part of the faid	be fet up-

cloths, ftreits, or kerfeys, that onfeultycloth. then a leal of lead therefore Altered by 5 Sc ordained, and by the treafurer 6 “•6’e’ *• of England for the time being

Erovided, (hall be fet and anged in the lowed part of the edge of the fame cloth* ftreit, or kerfey, for perfect knowledge to he bad to. the buyer thereof. (3) And that every of the laid cloths* ftneit, and kerfey of the length and £*Ie^ with ^ and breadth aforefaid, and alfo double print of the faid perfection, (hall be in lead, from the feaft of St. Peter ad ^ Vinculafealed at the end of the	Ei*"c* s*

lame with a double print in lead, devifed and ordained by the laid treafurer, in teftimony and witnefs of the forelaid true length, breadth, and making.

(4)	And >f any of the forc&id cloths, ftreits, or kerfeys, do not contain the forefaid length and breadth, or be not of the perfect workman (hip aforefaid, and the two parts of the fame cloths, ftreits, or kerfeys, be of the true and perfect work-* « manlhip aforefaid, keeping their ftvd length and breadth*.

that

Google

Anno quarto Edwardi IV.	[1464.

that theh every fuch cloth, drap de les fortes des draps a-ftreit, and kerfey (hall be fealed vauntditz efteantz del perfit with the laid feals in the form overaigne & laeur avauntditz Sealing of aforefaid. (s) And that every foit enfeale ovcqe une feale cloth which is half doth containing grater empreflez en plumb eiant ligne lefsthana length than the half cloth, and di fferent a lune & lautre des whole cloth, Jcfs length than the whole ditz feales en tefmoigne & re-f than aha5 cloth, ofthe forts of the cloths corde de verraiz longeur laeur4 doth.	aforefaid, being of thefame per- & perfection de dimi drap. Et

feCt workmanfnip and breadth, fi afeun drap lanuz dafeun de (hall be fealed with a feal print- les fortes de les draps avaunt ed in lead, having a mark dif- recites parfitment fait & eiant fering from both the feals afore- ' laeur folonc fon forte avaunt faid, in teftimony and witnefs	limites conteignaunt trois aul-

of the true length, breadth,	nes & dimi ou plus meins qe

and making of the half cloth,	le dimi drap foit mis a vend

(6)	And if any woolen cloth	apres le dit felt qe mefme le

of any forts of tne cloths before drap foit enfeale ovec ung feale recited, perfectly made, and ha- empreflez en plumbe eiant fig-ving breadth alter the fort be- ne differente a chefcuny de lest ,	fore limited, containing three	ditz feales pur coignifaunce

yards and an half, or more or	deftre eue del defaute de dimi

lefs than the half cloth, be put	drap les ditz feales a eftre de-

to fale after the faid feaft ; the	vifez & ordeignez par le dit

fame cloth (hall be fealed with	treforer & eftre mis al fine de

a feal printed in lead, having	Chefcun des les dimi draps &

a mark differing from any of draps meindres qe dimi draps. the faid feals, for a knowledge Auxi par ladvis aflent & auc-to be had of the default of the . torite fuifditz ordeignez eft & half cloth; (7) the faid feals eftablie qe le treforer dEngle-to be devifed and ordained by terre pur le temps efteant aiet the faid treafqrer, and to be put poair & auCtorite de faire tieix at the end of every of the half & tauntz gardeins de les ditz cloths, and cloths lefs than half	feales come luy femblera ne-

The lord trea- cloths. (8) Alfo by the ad-	ceflarie. Iflint qe null ef-

fhrer (hall	vice, aflent, and authority a-	traunge neez foit fait afeun de

kwperVotthe forc^> lt IS ordained and ef-	mefmes les gardeins. Et qe

cloth feal at C tablifhed, That the treafurer	chefcun des ditz gardeins enfi

he will.	of England for the time being,	affairs accompte annuelment

(hall have power and authority	de les revenuz de lour ditz

to make fuch and as many	offices en le dit efehequer dekeepers of the faid feals, as he	vaunt les treforer dEngleterre

N	(hall think neceflary, fo that	& barons illeoqes pur le

no ftranger born be made any	temps efteantz duement mon-

of the (aid keepers, (o) And	ftrant en les mefmes accomp- i

that every of the faid Keepers	tes le nombre de toutz draps !

fo to be made, (hall accompt	dimi draps ftreites & kerfeis par

yearly of the revenues of their	eux enfealez oveqe les nouns

laid offices in the faid exche-	de les pofleflours diceux chef-

Juer before the treafurer of	cun de mefmes les gardeins a

England) and the barons there	eftre guerdonnez annuelment

for	a	fon

Digitized by

1464J Anno quarto EdwarDi IV.	369

a fon dit accompt pur fez la- for the time being, duly (hew-

hour & diligence en cel partie irtg in the fame accompts the

euez al receipt du dit efchequer number of the cloths, half

par la difcretion de les ditz cloths, ftreits, and kerfeys feal-

treforer & barons faunz afcun ed by them, with the names

paiement dafcune chofe en IA of the owners of the fame ;

dit efchequer en ou pur la fai- (io) every of the fame keepers The accompt

fance de fon dit accompt. Et to be rewarded yearly at his of the keepers

tn cas afcun de les ditz gar- faid accompt for his labour and [of the feal,

deins enfeale afcun de les a- diligence had in this behalf ^<jhcirrc"

tauntditz draps oveqe afcun at the receipt of the faid ex- war *

autre feale pu afcun de mef- chequer, by the difcretion of

mes les draps autrement faitz the faid treafurer and barons,

qe par les manier & orde- without payment of any thing

naunce defuis efpecifiez et ceo in the laid exchequer in or

par fufficient prouf & exami- for the making of his faid ac-

nation monftrez & approvez compt. (n) And in cafe any The penalty of

devaunt les ditz treforer & of the faia keepers do feal any the keeper of

barons par les ditz depofition of the aforefaid cloths with any the feal for

tefmoigne & record de tielx other feal, or any of the fame °ro,ttin&

fufficientz perfones de bon & cloths otherwife made than ac- u

due reputation queux ont cording to the manner and ordi-

prompt experience en texture nance above fpecified, and that

fullure & faifure de draps ou by fufficient proof and exami-

fi mefme le gardein refufe den- nation (hewed and approved

fealer afcun de les ditz draps before the faid treafurer and

faitz accordaunt a les mefmes barons by the faid depofition,

manere & ordenaunce ou fi af- teftimony and witnefs of fuch

Cun tiel gardein ou aulnour fufficient perfons of good

preigne a le dit feft pur le Roy and due reputation, which

dafcune perfone pur lenfealer have had prompt experience in

ou aulnage dafeun manier drap weaving, fulling, and making

afcun autre fomme de monoie of cloths ; or if the fame keep-

3eft conteinuz es ftatutz & or- er do refufe to feal any of thefe enaunces devaunt ceft temps cloths, made according to the ent faitz & nient repellez ou the faid manner and ordinance; fi afcun tiel gardein ou aul- or if any fuch keeper or aulneger nour a le dit feft refufe de do take after the faid feaft, for monftrer fa commiflion de fon the King, of any perfon, for office au afeune perfone ceo thefealing or meafuring of any defirant fur lenfealer ou me- forts of cloth, any other fum furement dafeun de les draps of money than is contained in avauntditz & ceo examinez & the ftatutes and ordinances duement provez qe adonqes il made before this time, and not a tauntz de foitz come ft en repealed; or if any fuch keep-afeun de les premiflez offende er or aulneger, after the faid la fomme de xxs. forfacera feaft, do refufe to (hew his lune moite ent au Roy & lau- commiflion of his office to any tre moite a la partie provant perfon defiring the fame upon la dit offenfe en icell par fuite the fealingormeafuringof any dent eftre eue devant les ditz fuch cloths before rehearfed ;

Vol: III.	tre- B b	and

37°	Anno	quarto EbtfARDf IV. £1464*

and that examined and duly treforer & barons par liille de proved, that then he, as often as he (hall offend in any of the premiffes, (hall forfeit the fum of xx s. the one half thereof to the King, and the other half to the party proving the laid offerees therein by mil to he made before the faid trea-furer and barons, by bill of debt in the faid exchequer, in which hill like judgment and execution (haft be had, as is accuf-tomahly had and ufed againft other accomptants in the fame exchequer. (12) And that thefe ftatutes and Ordinances, and other ftatutes and ordinances made before this time, and not repealed, concerning any of the premiffes, (hall be contained and fpecified in e-very commiflion to be made to every fuch keeper or aulneger after the laid feaft. (13) Allb whereas before this time in the Occupations of cloth-making, the labourers thereof have been driven to take a great part of their wages m pins, girdles, and other unprofitable wares, under fuch price that it did not extend to, and alio have delivered to them wools to he wrought by very exceffive weight, ifrneteby both men tad women have beta efif-Acldthiei-fhall couraged of fuch labour; (14) pay to his therefore it is ordained and work-folks eftablilhed by the authority a -aforefaid. That every man and Sthemw^i woman being cloth-makers, from the laid waft of St. Petert (hall pay to the carders, fpin-fters, and all fuch other labourers, in any part of the faid trade, lawful money for all their lawful wages, and payment of the fame;'(15) and alfo lhall deliver wools to be wrought according to the faith-

according to the weignf.

dette cn le dit efehequer en quel biUe autielx bifle & execution foient euez queux font ufuelment uftz & euez envers autres accomptantz eh mefme lefchequer. Et qe ceftz efta-tuitz & ordenauncez & autred ftatuitz & ordenauncez de* vaunt ceft temps faitz nient repellez conccrnantz afeuns de ks premiffes foient conteignus & efpeeifiez en chefcun cora-mifflon au chefcun tid gardetn ou aulnour apres le dit fed affaire^ Et auxi lou par cy devaunt en les occupations dd faifance de drap les labourers dicell ount efte chacez de prendre grsrnnd part de lour gages en efpinges cein&s i§ autres enprofitables merchan-difes defoubtz tid price qe nex-tende pas a lextent de lour loialx gagez et auxi ount deliver^ a ceux laines define overez par trop exceffive pois quell aa enchafe & enchaft honames & femmes en difco-rage dautrd labour pur ceo ordeignez eft & eftablie par laudlorite futfdit qe chefcun homme & femme faifour de draps a le dit fell de feint Peat paie as cardours cardorefles filerefles & foutz autres ks laborers dafeun membre diceff loiall moneie pur toutz lout loialx gages & paiement de! mefme & auxi detivere laines eftre overez accordant a la foiall livre & due pois fur peine de forfeiture a mefme le laborer de treble de (es ditz gages iffint nonpaiez atauntz foitz come le dit faifour de drap refufe de paier en les ma-nier & fourme au afeun tie! laborer par luy mis a {occupation en afcun ae les ditz mem-bres del faifance de drap &

auxi

Digitized by Google

37*

1464*1	Anna quarto EDwardi IV.

feuxi de fbrfeire a meftne Ie laborer pur chefcun li. dcx-ceffive it deloiall poi^a luy de-liverez deftre overez vj. d. a chefcun defaute.

. Et auxi eft ordeigne par hu6lorite fuifdit qe chefcun cardour cardorefle filcrefle ti-feour fullour tondour da drap it tincftour face duement fon labour en fa occupation fur peine de rendre a la partie en-damagez en cell partie doubles damages et qe chefcun fullour de le dit fell de feint Peere en , fa arte & occupation de fuller it fcalpier ou tezeilcr de drap cxerctle k ufe teizels & nulls cardes incline le drap deceive ablement enpeirant fur peine de rendre a la partie endamage doublez damagez. Et qe chefcun juftice de peas pur le temps cfteant de chefcun countee de Cell roialme par tut le countee horsf des citees burghs & villes lou mairt maifter gajdein bail-liff ou baillifs eft ou font et chefcun mair km mair eft St chefcun maifter km null mair eft chefcun bailliff ou baillifs km null mair ne maifter eft chefcun portrefe lou null mairc maifter baillif ou] baillifs eft ou font de chefcun citie burgh it viile deinz chefcun tiel countee avauntdit et chefcun conefta-Ue de hundred lou coneftabie de hundred eft hofs de chefcun citee burgh it villc lou afeun maire maifter baillif on bailliff* ou partrefes eft ou font ct chefcun fcnefchall gardant ou teignaunt wapentak ou lete dafeune perfone hors de citee burgh ou ville lou null maire maifter baillif ou baillifs ou porprefes eft ou font ait it aient posrir & au&orite par cell or-denaunce doier & terminer les oompleintes dc chefcun tiel fai-

four

fid delivery and due weight thereof, upon pain of forfeiture to the fame labourer the treble of his find wages fo not paid, as often as the cloth-maker doth refufe to pay the lame in the faid manner and form to any foch labourer, put by him to the occupation in any of the faid parts of cloth-making ;

(16)	and alfo to forfeit to tht tame labourer, for every delivery of exceffive and unlawful weight to him Committed to be wrought, vi. d. for every default.

VI.	Alio it is ordained and Every worker eftablifhed by the authority a- df wool thall forefeid, That every wdef, fpumefe weaver, fuller, Ihear- fuuy-man, and dyer, ihall duly perform his duty in his occupation, upon pain to yield to the party grieved in this behalf his double damages ; (?) and that The fuller's every fuller, &om the laid fcaft dtuy in his of St. Peter> in his craft and 0CCUPatl0n* occupation of fulling, rowing, or tayfcling of cloth, ihall ex-ercife and ufe tayfels, and no cards deceitfully impairing the lame cloth, upon pain to yield to the party grieved bis double damage. (3) And that every juftice of peace for the time being, of every county of this tnquireof and realm, throughout the fame punHh fuch a# county, out ofeities, boroughs, do offend, and towns wherfe any mayor, mailer, warden, bailiff or bailiffs is or be, and evenr mayor where there is no mailer, and every mailer where there is no mayor, and every bailiff or bailiffs where there is no mayor nor mailer,, and every portreve where no mayor, mailer, bailiff, nbr bailiffs, is or be, of every cky, borough, and town within every fuch county afore-* laid, and every conftable df B b %	hun-

Digitized by Google

Anno quarto Edwardi IV. £1464

hundred, where any confta- four de drap & laborer fibien ble of hundred is, out of e- pur nonpaiement de les ditz very city, borough, and town, gages des ditz laborers come where any mayor, mailer, bai- de les ditzforfaiture & damages liff or bailiffs, or portreves, per due examination de les is or be; and that every ftew- parties en cell partie et fur ceo ard keeping or holding wapen- pur nonpaiement de les ditz take or leet of any perfon out duetees & forfeitures pur les of city, borough, or town, ditz damages de commetter where no mayor, mailer, bai- les trefpaffours en cell parte liff or bailiffs, or portreves is al profehein gaole deinz mef-or be, (hall have power and me le countee illeoqes a deauthority by this ordinance, tnurer tanqc les ditz duetees to hear and determine the forfaitures damages foient a complaints of every fuch cloth- le dit laborer au faifour de drap maker and labourer, as well for duement paiez. Et auxi qe nonpayment of the ffud labour- chefcun de les ditz juftices de ers wages, as of the laid for- peas maiie maiiler gardein bail-feiture and damages, by due lif ou baillifs portrefe & fenef-examination of the parties in chall de, wapentak & lete fur this behalf thereupon, for non- lenformation ou compleint daf-payment of the faid duties and cune autre perfone qe neft forfeiture, and for the faid greve en ceil part aiet poaur damages, to commit the faid par la dit au&orite deinz fa offenders in this behalf to the jurifdi&ion de faire venir de-next gaol within the fame vaunt luy la partie envers quel-county, there to remain till le lenformation ou compleint | the faid duties, forfeitures, and ferra fait pur lencontrefeifurc damages be fully paid to the a ceil ordenaunce et ccux dex-faid labourer or cloth-maker; aminer en & fur la matier con- 1

(4)	and alfo that every of the teignuz en mefme lenforma- \ laid juilices of peace, mayor, tion ou compleint et III trove mailer, warden, bailiff or bai- par examination ou autres dues liffs, portreve, and ileward of proves la partie en ceo coupa-wapentake and leet, upon the ble ou defe&if qadonqes mef-information or complaint of any me la partie ft fovent & pur otherperfonwhichisnotgrieved chefcun foitz come il eft iffixxt in this behalf, lhall have pow- trove coupable 6u defective er by the faid authority within forface au Roy ou a del per-his jurifdi&ion, to caufe the Tone ou perfones qe ou queux party to come before him, eft ou font entitle ou entitlez againft whom fuch information davoir fines ou amerciaments or complaint (hall be made, for pur offenfes fait* deinz leur offending this ordinance, and jurifdidlion iiis. iiij. d. Et qe to examine him in and upon chefcun de les ditz juftices de the matter contained in the peas & autre officer avauntdh fame information or complaint; deinz fa jurifdi&ion fur chef-

(5)	and if the party, by ex- cun del dite enformation ou animation, or other due proof, compleint aient plein poair de be found guilty or defective, fere autiel procefle envers la Chat then the fame party, as partie fur quell afeune tie! en-

.often . .	forme-

Digitized by

Google

1464.]	Anno quarto Edwarpi IV*"

formation ou compleint come often, and for every time that

m

devaunt eft recitee ferra fait de luy faire venir perfonal-ment devaunt luy fur ceo de-ftre examinez ficome juftices de peas ount fur enformation ou compleint fait a ceux pur foertie de peas faunz afcun fee ou regard deftre pris ou eue par afcun de les ditz juftices ou afcun autre officer en cell parte pur lexecution de leur offices en cell parte.

Auxi ordeignez eft & eftablie par laudorite fuifdit qe tout maner drap lanuz fait en af-cune autre region en ceft roi-alme amefnez & mvs a vend deins afcune part del mefme le roialme apres le dit feft de feint Peer foit forfait au Roy fbrfprifez draps fait en Gales & Irlond & draps prifes par afcune des lieges du Roy fur le meere faunz fraudeou male engyne. Et par laudorite fuifdit ordeignez eft & eftablie qe afcun autre ade ou orde-naunces faitz en ceft prefect parlement concemauntz la fai-fance de drap ou afcun de les premiflez contrariez ou nient accordauntz a ceft a ft foit & foienr voidez & de null effed.

he is fo found guilty or defective, (hall- forfeit to the King, or to fuch perfon or perfons which is or be entitled to have fines or amerciaments for offences done within their jurif-didion, iiis. iv. d. (6) And what procefr that every of the faia juftices ftiall be award-of peace, and other officers by juftices aforefaid, within his junfdic- ^Kf*ndr tion upon every of the faid m- crs# formations or complaints, (hall have full power to make like procefs againft the party, upon whom any fuch information or complaint, as before is re-hearfed, (hall be made, tocaufe him perfonally to appear be-* fore him, thereupon to be examined, as juftices of the peace have upon information or complaint made to them for furety of peace, without any fee or reward to be taken or had by any of the faid juftices, or any other officer in this party, for the execution of their offices in this behalf.

VII. Alfo it is ordained and No cloths eftabliflied by the authority a- mfdc in ?ny forefaid. That all manner °f

woolen cloths made in any brought into other region, brought into this England to be realm of England, and fet to fale f°ld. within any part of this realm of England, after the faid feaft of11	c#

St. Peter^ (hall be forfeit to our fovereign lord the King, except cloths made in Wales and Ireland, and cloths token by any of the King’s liege people upon the fea,without fraud or collufion. (2)

And by the authority aforefaid it is ordained and eftablifhed.

That any other ad or ordinance made in this prefent parliament concerning cloth-making, or any of the premifles, contrary or not according to this ad, (hall be void and of none effed.

CAP. II.

From what places, and on what conditions Englifh wools Jhall l>c exported to Calais.	*

ITEM, Whereas the King’s noble progenitors, by great £x ^ deliberation and advice, by divers ads of parliament in staple of times paft, did ordain and ftablifh a ftaple to be at Calais, to Calais, the intent that all the wools and woolfels, and other merchant

B b 3	difo

Digitized

^ Google

374	Anno	quarto	Edwaupi	III.	£1464;

Merchandife difes of this realm, called mcrchandifes of the ftaple, which °f HC 5aplc‘	befhippod to pafsoqt of this realm, Ihould be carried to

15 H. 6. c. s.	ftaple,	and to none other place. And in the time that it

18H.6. c. 15. was (b ufcd, Calais was in great furety, and this land, as to the commodities of the fame, in great profperity, till now of late that by ftrange and fimfter means, many and divers licences of wools and woolfels have been granted and accented, as well in the King’s name as otherwife : and have pafled into the parts beyond the fea, to other places than to the faid ftaple, and fold to the fame perfons, which were accuftomed to come to the faid ftaple to buy wools and woolfels : and alfo divers petioos have much ufed to (hip wools and woolfels out of this realm, fome privily by night, and feme openly by force, without paying therefore to the King any cuftom or fubfidy, and carry the fame to other places than to the faid ftaple, and fold them to fuch perfons as were accuftomed to buy wools and woolfels at the faid ftaple, by which undue means, great damage and inconvenience hath grown to our faid fovereign lord the Kins and this his realm, and to the fafeguard of the faid town and inarches of the fame : Our faid fovereign lord the King, con-fidering the premifles, by the advice, aflent, requeft and authority aforefaid, doth grant, ordain, and eftablilh, That wools and woolfels, moriing and (horling, that (hall be (hipped to Shipping of P^8 mt ^is	after	the feaft of Eafter, which (hall be |

wools. * in the year of our Lord, M.cccc.lxv. (hall be ihippcd at the towns of fuch ports wherein the King hath his beam, his Weights, and collectors of the cuftom to ferve and deliver the | merchants, that is to fay, at the town of Poole, Southampton* ' Chichejler, Sandwich, London, Ipfwich, Bojion, Hull, Lynn, and in none other place, creek or port, the wools and woolfels to be (hipped in galleys and carraks, and in none other veflel, to paft out of this realm by the ftreits of Marrocke foreprifed and except. And that by the fame authority every perfon, that fo (hall (hip or caufe to be (hipped out of this realm, any wools, woolfels, moriing or (horling, after the faid feaft, upon the (hipping of them, and before that they pafs out of any of the (aid towns, where they (hall be (hippea, (hall find kifficient furety to the King) and to the collectors of his cuftom there for the time being, that the fame wools, woolfels, (horling and I moriing, (hall pafs to Calais, and to none other place, without fraud or collufion. And alfo by the fame authority it is ordained, That every perfon which fo (hall (hip wools, woolfels, (horling and moriing to Calais, (hall bring within twelve months next following, fuch (hipping into the King’s exchequer, there to be entered of record, a certificate of him, which is, or for the time (hall be called the King’s cuftomer, at the port there, ieftifyiri§; the coming of all fuch (hips with wools, woolfels, moriing and (horling to Calais. Alfo it is ordained by the authority aforefaid,That if the fame cuftomer at the port do not deliver to the merchant, bringing fuch wools, woolfels, (horling and moriing to Calais, a due certificate, after the form of this

aa.

Digitized by v^ooQle

375

14^4-] Anno quarto Ebwabdj IV.

within viii. days after due requeft of him thereof made, he (hall forfeit to tne owner of the faid wools, woolfels, fhorling and morling;, at any time that he fhall refufe to make and deliver fuch certificate C.li. And if he which fo fhall fhip wools, woolfels, fhorling or morling, to be had to Calais, do not bring into the King’s exchequer, the certificate, as above is recited, and there oner the fame in open court before the treafurer and barons of the fame exchequer, for the time being, to be entered of record within the faid twelve months, or if any perfon do contrary to the /aid ordinance, he fhall forfeit aft fiich wools, woolfels, morling and fhorling fo fhipped contrary to the faid ordinance, whereof he brTngeth nor a certificate as before is recited, or the value thereof., The one half to be employed to the expences of the King’s houfe, and the other half to fuch perfon as fhall fue for the fame in this behalf, being mayor of the King’s ftaple at Calais at the fiune time of fuch fuit commenced. And that he in this cafe may file an a&ion of debt of fuch wools, woolfels, fhorling or mor-r ling fo forfeit, or of the value thereof at his election againfl fuch perfon or perfons, which fhall do contrary to this ordinance. The faid aCtion to be taken, and every ifliie therein joined, to be tried in the counties where fuch wools, woolfels, fhorling and morling fhall be fhipped : except that if any iffue be taken in the faid aCtion upon the offer of the certificate, that then it fhall be tried in the county where the faid court of exchequer for the time fhall be. And tnat the fame proccfs be and lie in fuch action as is and lyeth in aCtion of debt at the the common law, and that no protection nor efloin lye or be allowed or adjudged for the defendant in fuch aCtion. And though the plaintiff in fuch aCtion be difcharged of his faid office of mayor, hanging the fame aCtion, he fhall maintain and purfue tne faid fuit, notwithftanding the fame difcharge.

Provided always, That if any wools, woolfels, morling or fhor- Wpol*. ling, to be fhipped in the form aforefaid, be taken with enemies woolfef*, upon the fea, or elfe there perifhed or loft by misfortune, and fuch taking, perifhing or lofs be found and proved before the treafurer and the barons of the King for the time being, by examination of the perfon or perfons, which fo fhould fhip fuch wools, woolfels, fhorling or morling, or their executors or two credible perfons fwom, or other reafonable witnefles and proofs, teftifymg the feme wools, woolfels, fhorling and morling fo taken, loft or perifhed: that no perfon for any fuch woolfels, fhorling or morling, fo taken, loft or perifhed, fhall be grieved or otherwise prejudiced by this aCt. Provided alfo.

That the wools, wooltels, fhorling or morling, only of the growing betwixt the waters of Teefe and Tweedy Northumberland,, Cumberland, fVeftmoriandy the bifnoprick of Durham, Richmond-Jbirey and NorthaldertonJbirey may be fhipped in the port of Newtafile upon Tyne, to pafs at tneir liberty, this aCt notwith- Newcaftlt, (fending.

PM

CAP,

Digitized by

Google

$76'

Shipping of woofs at Newcaftle.

Staple of

Calais.

5 Ed. 4. c. 1. >2 Ed. 4. c. <

Anno quarto Edwarpi IV,	[1464^

CAP. III.

Certain wools, fells, &c which may be exported frtm New-caftle to the ftaple of Calais. . Penalty on tbofe who do, contrary to this ordinance.

ITEM, becaufe it is perceived and certainly known, that divers perfons for themfelves, their factors and fervants, do buy ana gather wools and woolfels, as well {horling as marling, of the growing of the counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and carry the fame to the port and town of New* cqflle, ai>d there the fame wools and woolfels, as wools and yroolfels of the growing of the country beyond the Waters of Teefe and Tweed, and of any of the faid counties of Northumber-land, Cumberland, Wejlmorland, Richmotidjhire, Northaldertonjhire, ?nd the biftioprick of Durham, and by colour thereof do fhip and caufe to be lliipped and carried into places* beyond the fea, other than to the ftaple of Calais, whereby our faid fovereign lord the King is greatly deceived of his cuftom and fubfidy, againft the ftatutes in fuch cafes provided, to the great damage of the King and of this his realm, and of his fubje&s of the fame : Our fovereign lord the King, by the advice and aflfent of the faid lords and commops, and by the faid authority will and ordain-eth. That no perfon {hall (hip or caufe to be {flipped, at the faid port ar>d town, any wools or woolfels, morling or {horling, of the growing of any county or country, other than of the growing of the country beyond the faid waters, or of any of the faid counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Wejlmorland, Richmondjhire, North- , aldertonjbirc, or of the faid bi{hoprick of Durham. And if any perfon fhip or caufe p be {hipped, at the faid town or port, any wools, woolfels, {horling or morling, of the growing of any county or country, other than the faid countries, betwixt the fame waters, or of the faid counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, JVeffmorland, Richmondjhire, Northaldertonjhire, or of the faid bimoprick of Durham, to be carried into any place beyond the fea, other than to the faid ftaple of CohiSi {hall forfeit the double value of the fame wools and woolfels fo {hipped, and not grown betwixt the faid waters, nor in none of the faid counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Wejlmorland, Rich-mondjhire, Northaldertonjhire, or in the faid bimoprick of Durham : whereof our fovereign lord the King {hall have the one half, and he that will fue in this party the other half: and that as well the King, as he that will fue for the fame in this behalf, {hall have his recovery by an aeftion of debt. The faid altion to te taken, and every iflue therein joined, to be tried in the faid county of York, and not in the faid town, nor in none of the faid counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Wejlmorland, Richmondjhire, Northaldertonjhire, or in the faid biftioprick. And 1 like procefs to be had in the fame aeftion, as is commonly ufed in an a&fon of debt.v And that the defendant in this cafe have no advantage by any effoin or protedlion, nor be admitted to wage Jiis law.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

377

Anno quarto Edwardi VI.

CAP. IV.

Areftraint for three years of the euftom of contrasting for wool in certain counties before it is Jhorn, unlefs it be ufed for cloth or yarn.

ITEM, whereas by fubtil bargains made in buying of wools. Wool* before that the (heep that bear the fame be (horn, the cloth- bought un* makers of this realm can well nigh find none to be fold, to the flM>rn‘ great grief of them, which have been accuftomed to have their living by the mean of making of cloth: Our fovereign lord the King, by die advice and arfent of the faid lords, and at the requeft of tne faid commons, and by the authority aforefaid, hath ordained and ftablifhed, That no perfon by himfelf or any other, (hall buy or bargain, from the xviii. day of March, which (hall be in the year of our lord, M.cccc.Ixiiii. any wools then not (horn, or take promife of bargain of any wools, then not (horn, of the growing of Berkjbire, Oxfordflnre, Gloucejler-Jhire, Shropjbire, Herefordjbire, JVorce/lerJhire, Wiltjbire, Somerfet-Jhire, Dorfetjbire, Hampjhire, Effex, Cambridgejhire, Norfolk,

Suffolk, Kent, Surry, and Suffix, or of any of the fame, till the

feaft of St. Bartholomew then next enfuing, or buy any wools, Bargain far

or take-any promife of bargain, of wools, which (hall grow w00*#

in any of the fame counties, the year then next enfuing the

bid feaft, before the fame feaft then next following, or in like

manner buy any wools, or take promife of bargain of any

wools, which (hall grow in any of the faid counties the year

then next enfuing the fame feaft, till the fame feaft then next

following, which feaft (hall be in the year of our Lord

M .cccc.lxvii. but only fuch perfons, which of the faid wools

ihall make or do to be made yam or cloth within this realm,

upon pain of forfeiture of the double value of all the wools

bought or to be bought, bargained pr taken by promife of

bargain againft this ordinance: (he one half to oe had to the

King’s ufe, and the other half to the ufe of him that will fue in

this behalf, and that every perfon that will fue in this behalf

fhall have an adion of debt of the fame forfeiture, and like

procefs in the fame adion, as is had in an adion of debt. And H c< tu

that no efioin, protedion, nor wager of law be allowed for the 22 h.s.c. i!

defendant in tins adion.	37 H. 8. c. 15.

CAP. V.

Mcrchandifes from the duke of BurgundyV countries prohibited, till Englifh wrought cloths art received there.

ITEM, forafmuch as a certain declaration and ordinance, in du1cC of Bur* form of a ftatute, evermore to endure, and never to be re*- gundy, pealed, and proclamations of the fame were late made by the woolen duke of Burgundy in the parts of Brabant, Holland, Zealandand other feigniories, that from that time forth all manner woolen \7 h* c. f# cloths and woolen yam made and wrought in the realm of Eng- st Hi 6. c. 1. land (hould be baniftied out of the lands of the (aid duke, that is to fay, Burgundy, Lotrike, Brabant and Lunebnrgb, Flanders, Ar-

*^gle

Digitized by

378	Anno	quarto	EdWARDIIV.	[ 1464*

tois, Henmilty Holland, Zealand, Namur, the manraiftiip of the holy empire, Friejland, Matynes, tht lands beyond the river of ' Maefe, and generally out of all hi$ other lands and feigniories: fo that after the faid proclamation, no fuch cloth or yam (hould be bought, fold, or diftributed there. And if after the fame time any fuch cloth or yam (hould be there found, that the fame (hould be burnt as a thing banned; with certain othef ftrait punifhments fpecified in the fame proclamations and ordinances : whereby, by all likelihood, the makers of woolen cloths within this realm of England, as weavers, fullers, dyers, fpinners, carders, and winders of yam, and other perfons ex-ercifing the faid cloth-making, and alfo the buyers and fellers of the fame, (hould be deftitute of occupations, and become fo idle, that it (hould provoke them to (in and evil life, which God defend: our (aid fovereign lord the King, the premises confidered, hath by the advice, aflent requeft and authority a-forefaid, ordained and ftablifhed, That no denizen of this realm, nor no merchant of the liege of jEngland, (hall bring or convey, nor privily or apertly do to be brought, carried, or conveyed into this realm of England, Wales, ox Ireland, any MerehandUc. manner merchandises or goods of the growing, workman-(hip, or making, of the lands and parts of Burgundy, Loirikg, Brabant, Luneburgb, Flanders, Artois, Henauk, Holland, Zealand, Namur, the marquifhip of the holy empire, Friefiani, Malynes,tYit lands beyond the river ofthe Maefe, or of any lands or feigniories, which the faid duke doth hold or occupy, oranv of them : nor that any fuch denizen or merchant ftnrager feu - or utter in any part or this realm, Wales, or Ireland, from the (aid feaft, any fuch merchandifes or goods, other than fuch which have been bought before the faid feaft, in any of the Vi&uals. faid parts, except all manner of victuals. And alfo except goods and merchandifes taken by any of the King's liege people upon the fea, without fraud, covine, or male engine, upon pain of forfeiture of the faid goods and merchandifes fo brought or fo fold and bought after the faid feaft, that is to fay, the one half thereof to the King, and the other half to him that first (hall feife the fame goods and merchandifes, in whofe hands foever they may be found, till the time that due continual reformation be had and made by the (aid duke of the (aid declaration and ordinance of baniftimg, in fuch wife that all manner of woolen cloth and woolen yam made, or to be made within the realm of England, Wales, and Ireland, may come tp be brought and accepted in the aforefaid parts of Burgundy, Lo-trike, Brabant, Luneburgb, Artois, Henault, Holland, Zealand, Namur, the marquifhip of the holy empire, Friefland, Medjnes, the lands beyond the Water of the Maefe, and all other lands and feigniories of the faid duke, and in every of them there to be uttered, fold, and expended, ufed, worn, and diftributed, at the election of the owner of the fame or his factor in this behalf there, without impeachment of the faid duke, or any other his officer in any of the faid lands and parts, to be carried and *' ^	"	r.............................. con*

Digitized by L.ooQle

379

1464-] Anno quarto Edwardi IV.

conveyed to any other part, at the election of the faid owner or his fcdor, as freely as they were brought, carried, or con-* veycd before the laid proclamation of the faid declaration and ordinance made by the faid duke. And alfo he hath ordained Mcrchtntf by the faid authority. That all manner merchants ftrangers, ftrangen, having any fuch manner of merchandifes or goods of the laid

Sowing, workmanlhip, or making, being (hipped in any vef-I in any part of this realm of England, Wain, or Ireland, and not put to land, or if any fuch merchandifes or goods be put to land in any part of the (hid realm of England, after the (aid feaft, that all fuch merchandifes and goods be utterly voided out of this realm of England, Wales, and Ireland, within forty days next after proclamation made upon this ordinance within the city of London, upon pain of forfeiture of the faid goods and merchandifes: the one half thereof to the King, and the other half to him that (hall first feife any fuch goods or merchandifes.

And that open proclamation of this ordinance be made before the eighteenth day of March, which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord M.cccc.lxiiii. within the city of London, ana other neceflary places and convenient. And if it happen any fuit or aCtion to be taken and fued by the occafion of any fuch feifin, wherein any ifTue concerning this ordinance (hall be taken: that the faid ilTue be triable and tried in the county and of the venue, where the faid feifin (hall be had, and in none other place. And becaufe it is greatly doubted, that during the faid reftraint of the faid goods and merchandifes made and grown in the aforefaid lands of the faid duke of Burgundy, being in this realm, or to be brought into the fame, and within the fame to be put to fale, by the fellers of them (hould be exalted and put at an exceffive price, which (hould turn to the great damage of the people of this realm: it is therefore ordained by the faid authority. That during the faid reftraint, every mayor. Mayor* bailiff, and other chief governor of every city, borough, and town, and the governors of every fair ana market out of city, borough, and town, within tnis realm, upon complaint to be made to any of them by any of the King’s liege people, of fuch enhancing and putting of excefiive price, mall Lave power and authority within their jurifdiCtion, by due fearch, examination, and proof had in this behalf, to make fuch direction and reformation, as by the advice of two difereet men of every fuch city, borough, or town, thereto to be appointed by every mayor, bailif, or other chief governor aforefaid, after their confcience and diferetions, in fatisfaCtion and reafonable amends of the party fo complaining (hall feem reafonable. And this ordinance to endure at the King’s pleafure. Provided always, That this aCi, nor none other aCt, ftatute nor ordinance, made or to be made in this prefent parliament, (hall do no damage, prejudice nor derogation to the merchants of Almayne, having the houfe commonly called GuildhaUa Teutonicorum, in Guildhalls the city of London, which merchants now be within this realm Te«tonic©-pf England, or in any parts under the King's obeifance, or ru*n*

which

Digitized by

Google

380	Anno	quarto	Edwardi	iV. [1464:

which hereafter (hall be or repair into the fame, of or in any ffanchifes, freedoms, liberties, immunities or any other thing granted by the King’s progenitors, by their letters patents, to merchants of Almayne, having the faia houfe commonly called Guildhalls Teutonicorum, in the faid city of London, nor of any grants or confirmations in any wife made by our faid fovereign lord the King by his feveral letters patents to merchants of Al-mayne, having the faid houfe commonly called Guildhalla Teu-tonicorum, in the faid city of London, by whatfoever names they be called or named. And that all the faid letters patents be in all fuch force, effect, and ftrength, and available to the merchants having the (aid houfe called Guildhalla Teutonicorum in < the faid city of London, as they were before the making of this ad. This ad, or any other ad, ftatute, or ordinance made or to be made in this prefent parliament notwithftanding.

CAP. VI.

A qualification of the ftatute of 5. Hen. IV. cap. 9. touching fecurity to be taken of merchants fir angers for the employment of their money upon the commodities of this realm.

Cuftomers TTEM, our faid fovereign lord the King remembering that and control- JL where by the ftatute made in the parliament holden m the ler*.	fifth	yCar	0f	Henry	the Fourth late in deed and not of right king

of England, it was ordained and ftabliftied by authority of the fame parliament amongft other things. That all the cuftomers and comptrollers in all ports of this realm, (hould take fufficient Merchants furety for all manner merchandifes brought by merchants ftrangers.	aliens and ftrangers, coming and repairing to the laid ports, to

the intent that the money tatcen for the faid merchandifes (hould • be employed upon the commodities of this realm, faving their reafonable cofts, as in the fame ftatute is contained more at the full. And that becaufe the faid merchants ftrangers have not knowledge of the fufficient perfons within this realm, which (hall be bound for them, fo that they cannot oftentimes find to the intent afbrefaid foch furety: and alfo becaufe that the faid cuftomers and comptrollers have no manner of power nor authority after the employment performed and made, to rebail the faid fureties to the merchants : wherefore the faid merchants would rather depart, and hereafter not to repair into this realm with any merchandifes, than to find any fuch fureties, in diminution of the King’s cuftoms and fubfidies in his faid ports, unlefs due remedy be therefore provided: the King, by the aflent of the faid lords and commons, and by the authority a-forefaid, hath ordained and ftabliftied. That at all times from henceforth the cuftomers and comptrollers for the time being, /hall take furety by their diferetion of the faid merchants alone, or of them and other for the faid employment to be had. And that the faid cuftomers and comptrollers in every port of this realm, at all times hereafter, after {he employment had by the

Digitized by v^ooQle

1464*] Anno quarto Edwardi IV.	381

laid merchants, may deliver to the laid merchants all fuch fureties, which they did take of them or any of them for the faid employment. And that of and for the fame they and every of them be difcharged againft the King. This ftatute to endure till the next parliament.

CAP. VII.

Regulations to be obfefved by the Jhoemakers of London, and tbofe within three miles of the fame. The privileges of the inhabitants of St. Martin’s le Grand faved.

ITEM, our fovereign lord the King, by the advice of his Cordwainer.

lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the prayer of the faid tommons in the faid parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame, hath ordained and ftablilhed, That no perfon cordwainer or cobler within the city of London, or within three miles of any part of the fame city, be he within fianchife or without, do to be made after the feaft of Eajlery whicn (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand four hundred fixty five, any (hoes, galoches, or hufeaus with any pike or poleyn, that lhall pafs the length of two inches, which (hall be judged by the wardens or governors of the fame myftery within the faid city, and three miles of every part of the fame, or upon any Sunday in the year, or in the feafts of the Nativity or Afcenfion of our Lord, or in the feaft of Corpus Chrijli, (hall fell or command or dovto be fold any (hoes, hufeaus, or galoches, or upon the Sunday, or any of the faid feafts, (hall fet or put upon the feet or legs of any perfon, any (hoes, hufeaus, or galoches, upon pain of forfeiture and lofs of xxs. fterling, as often and when any perfon (hall do the contrary of this ordinance or any part of the fame. Whereof vi s. viii d. (hall be had to the King’s ufe, and vi s. viii d. to the ufe of the governors of the myftery of cordwainers, and the other vis. viiid. refidue of the faid xx s. to the ufe of him that (hall find, difcover, and prove the breaking of this ordinance. And that every perfon that will fue for die (aid forfeiture, (hall have an aftion of debt by writ pr plaint at his ele&ion, and fuch procefs and execution in the fame as is had in an adion of debt. And that the defendant in the fame action be not admitted to wage his law. Provided al- St Martin’* ways. That this a<ft, nor none other a<ft, ordinance or ftatute, lc grand of made or to be made in this prefent parliament, (hall extend to London, the damage or prqudice, nor in any wife be prejudicial or hurtful tQ the dean for the time being of the King’s free chapel of St. Martith le Grand of London, or to the faid dean and chapter for the time being of the fame chapel, nor to any perfon or perfons for the time abiding or dwelling within the fame chapel, or within any place or places in St. Martin's Lane in London, or within any other place or places within the prerinlt, fee, or fran-chife of tne faid dean, or the faid dean and chapter, nor to any of the rights, privileges, liberties, (ranchifes, immunities, or other thing by the King, or by any of his progenitors, prede-fcfiors, or pofleflors of the realm, eftate, and crown of Eng-

Digitized

382	Anno	quarto	Rdwardi	IV. [1464.

land, to the hid dean and chapter of the faid chapel and their focceflors jointly or feverallyin any manner granted, or in any manner heretofore pertaining. And alio provided. That the dean of the faid chapel, and the dean and chapter of the lame chapel, ihall have, hold, and enjoy folly, freely, quietly, and effectually all their faid rights, privileges, franchifes, liberties, immunities, and every other thing to them granted in manner and form aforejaid, by whatfoever name or names they be Repealed by rwm€<^ or called jointly or feverally in any letters or writings i*H. s. c.9. thereupon made, any adt, ordinance, or ftatute made or to be tc 5 Elia. c. «. made, or any other matter or thing contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. VIII.

Rep. ijac. 1.

C.I5.

but is recited and in part revived by 7 Jac.ieC.14.

No	ftrdnger Jball bty Engtolh bortu unwrought, gathered

or growing in London, or within twenty four units thereof. Certain powers Defied in the wardens of the bomerPof London.

/"'\UR	fovoreign lord the King

V/	perceiving by grievou

plaint mad* in this parliament by men of occupation of honors being enfranehifed in the city of London, hew that people lands hath come into this land and into divers parts thereof and hath bought by tho hands of their hofis and guides the great and chief fluff of Engliih horns unwrought, of tanners and	,

and carry the fame over the fea, and there employ the fame in divers	works, to the	great damage

of this land,and to the final prejudice of a great number of men being of the fame occupation: hath, by the advice and afient of the faid lords, and at the requeft of the faid commons, and by the authority aforeiaid, ordained, cftabliihed, and enabled, That from the feaft of Beefier, which (hall be in the year of our Lord God, one fhoufand four hundred and fixty five, no manner ft ranger Itor alien, by him(<tlf,or by any other, (hall buy any Eugli/b horns unwrought, of any tanners, butchers, or of any o-ther perfons, gathered or growing

\

ITEM noftre dit foveraigns feignur leRoy appris pas grevous compleint nit ea k dit parlement par les homines de la meftier des homers en-fraunchifea en la ckee de Loua-dres coment les gents des ter-res eftraunges ount votes en ceft terre St en diverges parties dicell it oont achates par les mains de lour gardes bodies St guydes le grand St chief ftufie des comes Englois nient ove-rez des tanners St bochers St les amefnerent doutre le mere St les illeoqes emploierent os diverfes overaignes au graunde damage deceft terre St en final! prejudice de le graund nombr* des homines de la dite meftier pur toutz jours ad par alien! des ditz feignurs & a la fupph-cation des ditz comtnunez St

par laufiorite fuifdil ordeigne eftablie tc enadte qe % lereft del Pafoue qi ferra en Ian de noftre Seignur Mille cccclxv. null manere eftraunge ou alien par luy mefme ou pa *afeua autre afcufls comes Englois nient ovcrez des tanners book-

ers ou dafcutis autres periones coillez ou crsiflsuu*. deion hi

Digitized by v^ooQle

* 4®4*1

dit citce & Xxiiij leukes en chefcun part le mefme la citee prochcins adjoignantz Sc qe null Englois ou autre perfone qeconqe veilde afcuns comes Englois nient ovcrez al afcun eftraunge ou les face maunder outre le mere iffint qe les ditz homers voillent achater les ditz comes de femble price de

3i ils font al temps del fkifance e cell ordenaunce fur peine del forfaiture de toutz tieix comes iffint achatez venduz ou maundez Sc qe les gardeins de la dit meftier pur le temps efteantzpar laditauftorite aient plein poair de fercher tout ma-nere de ware fpeftant a {eur dit meftier overe ou a overer en toutz lieux deins la dit citee de Loundres & xxiiij. leukes en chcfcun part prochein adjoign-aunt a mefme la citee Sc deinz les feires de Stirbrigge & Ely tn qi mains les poient cftre trovez. Et fils par lour fcrche trovcnt afcun tiel ware ou (tuff en afcun lieu deinz la dite citce de Loundres Sc xxiiii. leukes en chefcun part profcheine ad-joignaunt niefme la citee ou deins les feires de Stirbrigge Sc Ely en qeconques mains ils fbient a venders qe eft defeftif & nient fufficient qil bien life H ceux de prendre mefmes les ware Sc fluff Sc les amefner devaunt le maire de la dite citee de Loundres le maire ou baillifs de les avauntditz feires pur le temps efteantz «t ceo iflint illeoqes prove defeftif deft re forfaitz lune moite ent au Roy et lautre moite ent a les ditz gardeins deftre demea-jiez a leur pleafir. Purveu toutz foitz qe apres homines de la dite meftier deinz ceft terre ount prifez hors Sc ellieux tieix & tauntz cornes come a leur meftier

6

Anno quarto Edwaroi IV*

ing within the (aid city, and xxiiii miles on every fide of the find city next adjoining. And that no EtigUjbman nor other perfon, fell any Englijh horns tinwrought to any ftranger, or caufe them to be fent over the fea, fo that the faid homers will buy the faid horns at like price as they be at the time of the making of this aft, upon pain of forfeiture of all fuch horns fb bought, fold, or fent* And that the wardens of the faid myftery for the time being, by the faid authority, (hall have full power to fearch all manner of ware pertaining to their myftenr, wrought or to be wrought, in all places within the laid city of London, and xxiiii miles on every fide next adjoining to the fame city, and within the fairs of Sturbridge and Efyy in whofe hands they may be found. And if they, by their fearch, find any fuch ware or ftuff in any place within the faid city of London, and xxiiii miles next adjoining to the fame city, or within the fairs of Sturbndgt and Efyy in whofe hands foever they be, to fell, that is defeftive and in-» fufficient, it (hall be lawful to them to take the fame ware and fluff, and bring it before the mayor of the faid city of London, the mayor or bailiffs of the forefaid fairs for the time being: and the fame there being proved defeftive, to be forfeited, the one half thereof to our fovereim lord the King, the other half to the faid wardens, to be ordered at their pleafure. Provided always. That after that men of the faid occupation within this land, have taken out and chofen fuch and as many horns as fhall be need-

38s

Digitized by

Google

384

Anno quarto Edwardj IV.* [1464*

needful to their occupation, that then it (hall be lawful to them, all and every of them, and other perfons or this realm of England* to fell and deliver all the horns refufed, which be not able to be occupied in their myftery, to any ftranger or other perfon, to fend or carry beyond the fea or elfe-where, as (hall pleafe them.

meftier bofoignent qe donqes lifera a ceux & chefcun deux & toutz autres perfones de ceft roialme dEngleterre toutz les cornes refufez queux ne font mie ables a occupiers en leur meftier de vender & deliverer al afciin maner eftraunge ou autre perfone pur les maunder ou carier doutre le mere ou ail-lours qiqe lour plerra.

Ex edit. Raft. 4 H. 5. c. 3.

CAP. IX.

Patten-makers may make pattens offucb afp as is not fit for

Jhafts. ,

ITEM, The company of the myftery of patten-makers of the city of London, piteoufly complaining, (hewed in the parliament, of the grievous hurt, lofs and damage, which other perfons in times paft of the fame occupation now dead, and they, long time have borne and fuftained, and hereafter be likely to bear and fuftain, by reafon of a ftatute made in the time of Henry the Fifth, late king of England in deed and not of right, By authority of this parliament holden in the fourth year of his rtign, by which ftatute it was ordained and eftabli(hed. That

Satten-makers within the realm of England from that time forth, lould make no pattens nor clogs of timber called afp, upon pain to pay to the King C. s. for every default. And that every perlon, which would fue for the King (hould have the one naif of the pain fo forfeit: fo that the netchers throughout the realm, might fell their (hafts at more eafy and reafonable price than they were wont to fell, as in the faid ftatute more fully is contained. And though alfo that the faid afp timber be the beft and lighted timber, thereof to make pattens and dogs, mod eafy for the wearing of all cftates, gentiles and other people, of any timber that groweth, and before the making of the faid ftatute the faid patten-makers were as free, and at as great liberty to buy all manner of afp timber, and thereof to make pattens and clogs, as they were at the fame time, and at alf times have been, and yet be all manner people of the crafts and occupations of turners, carpenters* woodmongers, and cole-makers, which do occupy expend and wafte yearly in their occupations a great quantity of all manner timber of afp, as well fuch afp timber as woula ferve to make (hafts thereof, as that that would not ferve for the fame, and no reftraint is made for them or any of them to the contrary, and very much afp timber there is, which will in no wife ferve the fletchers to make thereof lhafts, which is as fufficient able and convenient to be made in pattens and clogs, as is the remnant of the faid timber to be made in (hafts : and the faid patten-makers durft not occupy any part of the faid timber, nor one nor other, for fear of forfeiture, of the faid pain contained in the laid ftatute,

f	which

Digitized by <^.ooQle

1464 ]	Anno	quarto Edwardi IV.	$8*5

which is great damage to the faid patten-makers, and none advantage to the faid fletchers, and the common people throughout the realm thereby greatly difeafed ; Wherefore our fovereign lord the King, confidering the premises, by the advice and affent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and at the requeft of the faid commons, hath ordained that from henceforth at all times it (hall be lawful to the patten-makers of this realm, to make pattens of fuch timber of afp, that is not apt, fufficient nor convenient to be made in (hafts, and that for the common wealth.

And that as often as any patten-maker, after the feaft of Eajler%

which lhall be in the year of our Lord God 1465. (hall make

any pattens or clogs of fuch part of afp timber, that (hall be

able and fufficient to be made in (hafts, (hall forfeit for every

time forty (hillings, the one half thereof to the King, and the RePeal«d by

other half to him that will fue in this behalf.	1	*dC'*' c'2*'

CAP. X.

What perfons Jhall take pajfage or land at Dover in Kent only, and who not.

ITEM, whereas by the noble King Edward the Third, pro- Dover.

genitor of our fovercign lord the King that now is, after the 9 Ed. 3, ft. *. conqueft of the town of Calais, in his parliament holden in the c* ninth year of his reign, in relief and comfort of the town of Dover, one of the towns of the five ports in the county of Ktnt% did ordain that no merchant, pilgrim, nor none other perfon or perfons, horfe or bead, (houid take any pafTage towards the Paflage* town of Calais^ from any port or place within the county of Calais.

Kenty but only from the port of the faid town of Dover. And

alfo that no merchant, pilgrim, nor none other perfoq

or perfons, horfe, or bead, mould come from Calais into any

port of Kent, but only to the port of the faid town of Dovery

except foldiers and merchants coming and going with their

(hips freighted with merchandifes, unlefs it were by the

King’s commandment, or otherwife that they were driven or

compelled to take fome other place or port by temped. Alfo it 13 R. i.dt.'

was ordained and eftabliflied by the authority of another par- c. ao.

Ji ament, holden in the xiii. year of the noble King Richard the Second, after the conqueft. That all paflage (houid be kept at the faid town of Dover in the manner and form before rehearf-ed, and in none other place within the faid county of Kent, as there hath been ufed and accuftomed by reafon or the premifr-fe$, till now late, that notwithftanding divers pilgrims and merchants and other perfons, which be no foldiers, with hor-fes and other beads, of late time have ufed commonly to take their paflage towards the faid town of Calais, at divers ports and places in the fame county of Kent; and to come from Calais into Kent at divers ports and places in the fame, other than in the faid port of Dover, contrary to the grants and ordinances aforefaid, to the great damage, impoveridiment, and defo-Jation of the fame town, and likely by continuance to be the ^aufe of jeopardy and lofs of the fame town, caftlc, and the V01.. IIL	c	c	country

Anno feptimo Edwardi IV.	[1467.

-country adjoining. Our faid fovereign lord the King, the pre-mifles considered, and how the faid town is fet in theuttermoft part of this realm next to his eremies, and hath no mean of comfort nor relief, but only by mean of the faid paflagc, hath ordained, eftablilhed and enadted by the advice, affent, and authority aforefaid, That no pilgrim, merchant, nor none other perfon or perfons, horfe or beaft, except foldiers, and merchants with their merchandifes, in the manner and form before recited, (hall from henceforth take their pafTage at none other place or port within the county of Kent, but only at the faid port or town of Dover, if they may there have fufficient paflage and Ihipping. And alfo that no pilgrim, merchant, nor none other 1 perfon or perfons, horfe or beaft, (hall come from Calais to an; port or other place within the faid county of Kenty but only to the port of the faid town of Dover, except foldiers and merchants with their merchandifes, unlefs they have and (hew the King’s commandment in writing fo to do, or elfe be compelled and driven to feme other place or port by fudden temped. And v that every perfon, of what eftate degree or condition he be, which voluntarily doth againft this adt or ordinance, (hall forfeit for every time that he fo doth, five marks : our fovereign ,	lord the King to have the one half, to be employed upon the

reparation of the cattle of Dover, by the furveying of the con- « (table or his lieutenant there, the other half to that perlon or perfons of the faid town or cattle, being a freeman of the (aid town of Dover, that will commence or fue an adtion thereof againft the offender. And that every perfon or perfons of the faid town or cattle, freeman of the faid town of Dovery may in his own name, have againft every perfon that willingly of-fendeth this ftatute, a general adlion of debt of the f^id fum of five marks, and declare efpecially upon the fame adl or ondi- | nance. And that procefs of outlawry and all other procefle> and determination (hall be had in the faid adtion, as is had and Ship mafter. ufed in other general adtions of debt. And alfo the matter of every (hip and veflel, which willingly contrary to this act doth convey to any place or places any pilgrim, merchant, or other perfon or perfons, horfe or beaft, (hall Rkewife forfeit at every Repealed time that he fo doth, five marks, in the manner and form iijac.iAal. aforefaid to be fued, had, recovered, levied, and employed.

Statutes made at Wejlminfter, Anno 7 Edw. IV. and Anno Dom. 1467.

AT the parliament holden at A U parlement tenuz i Weftminfter the third Am. Weftm’ la tierce jour <k day of June, the feventh year of June en lan du reigne du Rtf the reign of King Edward the Edward le quart puis le con* Fourth after the conquefty our faid quell feptifine mefme noftrt lord the King, by thf advice and leignur le Roy del advis 4c al-ojfent	fee:

Digitized by LjOOQle

1467*] Anno feptlmo

£mt dcs feignlirs efpirituelx & temporelx & a la requeft de fez communez en le dit parlement fdTembJeez & par laudlorite de mefme le parlement ad or-deigne & eftablie certelns fta-tutz & ordenaunces cn manere he fourme eniuantz.

Edwardi IV,

ajfent of ike lords fptritual find temporal, and at the requejl of bis commons* in the faid parliament affembled\ and by authority of the Jame parliament, hath ordained and ejlablijhed certain fatutes and ordinances in manner and form following.

387

CAP. I.

For making	of	worjleds.

■pRimerement qe lou y font T? IR S T, For that there be The elefVion,

fibien deinz la citee de Jt. as well within the city tf/'oith.autbo-

Norwyce come aillours deinz Norwich, as elfewhere ivithm rear.c1'*

- the counlj ef Norfolk, dive's

perfons which do make untrue dens of wor-

wares of all manner of worjleds* fled weaver*

not being of the ajfife in length m Norwich •	*	*	■	p	—and	Norfolk.

le countee de NorfP diverfes perfones queux fount wares meins verrois dez toutz mailers des worftedes nient efte-juitz dcs aflifes en longcur ne laieur ne de bone duff oc droit-urell feifure ficome ils eftre dei-vent & furent dauncien temps accuftumez & les fleies he file a ycell fpe&antz nient droit-ment faitz he overez en graund deceit fibien des deinfzeins come deftraynges enhabitauntz pu repairauntz en ceft roialme queux ount ufez & ufent da-chatier tielx merchandifes con-fiantz qil ferroiet dedeinz come y monftre dehors lou de verite il eft contrarie et lou qe worftedes en temps pafle furent bealment he loialment overez &e plefaunt merchandife &

graundement defirez & aymez	«	0

en les parties dela le mere ore fluff* they be reported and eflecm-par caufe qils font de non droit ed deceitful and unlawful mer-

nor in breadth* nor of good fluff and right making as they ought to be* and of old time were accuflom-ed* and the Jleyes and yam per-talning to the fame not well made and wrought* in great deceit as well of denizens as of Jlrangers inhabiting or repairing to this realm* which have ujed and do ufe to buy fuch merchandifes* trifling that they were within as they Jeemed without* where indeed it is contrary: (2) And for that the worjleds in times pafi were lawfully wrought* and mer-chandife well liked* and greatly defired and efletmed in the parts beyond the fea * now bccaufe they be of no right making* nor good

feifure he de nondroit fluff ils font reportz & appellez fubtile he nondroit merchandife it de petit reputation au graund damage noftre dit feignur le Roy & graund prejudice de fon foiall people. Si noftre dit feignur le Roy de laflent des feignurs efpirituelx he tempo-jelx & a la requeft de fez com-munez en le dit parlement efteantz he par au&orite de mefme

cbandife* and of little regard* to the great damage of our lord the King* and great prejudice of his loyal fubjefls. (3) Our faid lord the King, by the aflent of the lords fpiritual $nd tem^ poral, and at the requeft of his commons being in the faid parliament, and by the authority of the faid parliament, for th# wealth of his people, and the perpetual amendment C c 2	of

Digitized by

Google

Anno feptimo EdwarDi IV. [1467.

of the faid worfteds, and ef-chewing and avoiding all manner of deceits to be done and wrought in worfteds by them that work the fame, and are the means thereof, hath or-Four wardens dained &nd eftablifhed, (4) of wortted That men of the faid craft

Norw"h!nand within the fa!d <% J12” ha.Ve other four in Power cverY Year> the Monday Norfolk. next after the feaft of PcnUcoJly Altered by 13 to choofe four wardens within &-i4^Car.a. tjie faj c\ty 0f the fame craft ;

5 X" (5) and al(o that artificers of the fame craft likewife out of the city, that is to fay, within the county of Norfolk, lhall have power every year at the fame day to choofe four wardens within and of the faid Four wardens County, of the fame craft: (6) (hall take their And the aforefaid wardens in oath before the faid county and city, to come before the mayor of the ' * faid city for the time being, upon the Monday next after the feaft of Corpus Chrijti then next following, and then to be fworn before the mayor of the faid city, and the fteward of the duchy of Lancafter within the faid county for the time being, if it happen him within the faid county then to be prefent, or elfe before the faid mayor only, the faid fteward then be-The wardens ing abfent. (7) And that all power. the faid wardens, as well within the faid city as without, of elfe the greateft part of them, under this form before recited chofen and fworn, (hall have firil power for the year then next following, to furvey the workmanfhip of the faid artificers, and that they make and work rightfully ana well,,and of good fluff, and to ordain fuch rules and ordinances within the faid craft, as offtn as it flialj feem needful or neceflary

mefme le parlement pur lc bien de tout fon people & en pcrpetuall amendement de les ditz worftedes & deftrudtion de toutz manerez deceites eftre faitz & overez es worftedes par eux qi les overent & les moiens dicell ad ordeigne & eftablie qe homes du ait art deinz la dite citee aient poair chefcun an le lunedie profehein apres le feft de Pentecoft de eflier qaatres gardeins deinz la dite citee de mefme larte. Et auxi qe lartificers de mefme lart femblablement dehors la citee ceftaflavoir deinz le countee de NorfF aient poair chefcun an au mefme jour de effier quatres gardeins dedeinz & du dit countee de mefme lart et les avauntditz gardeins en les ditz countee & citee de vener de- 1 vaunt le maire du dit citee pur le temps efteant fur le lunedie profehein apres le feft del Corpus Chrifti adonqes profehein enfuant & illeoqes deftre jur-rez devaunt le maire de la dite citee & le fenefchall del duchie de Lancaftre deinz le dit countee pur lc temps efteant fil a- I veigne luy deinz la dite citee adonqes eftre prefent ou autre-men; devaunt le maire tant-foulement le dit fenefchall Ion efteant abfent. Et qe toutz les ditz gardeinz fibien deinz la dite citee come dehors ou au-trement la greindre part deux defoubtz ceft fourme avaunt-dit recitee efluz & jurrez aient plein poair pur lan adonqes

[>rofchein enfuant de furveer artifice de les ditz artificers J & qils facent & overent bien I & droitment & de bone ftufF & I de fairc & ordeign^r autielx I rules & ordenaunces deinz li I dit art fi fovent come il fcmblc- \ ra as eux bofoignable ou ue- ’ ceflanc

Digitized by kcOOQle

ceflarie a lamendement de )es ditz worftedes & art & qe au-tieJx rules & ordenaunces par eux enfi faitz & ordeignez deft rc par les ditz artificers obeiez & gardez.

Ou autrement quatres de les ditz gardeins ceux de les ditz artificers qi afcuns de leur ditz rules & ordenaunces enfreinent ou’facent le contrarie appel-Iantz a eux vj. de les pluis difcretes de les ditz artificers deinz la dite citee & vj. de les mefmes artificers deinz le dit counted par la difcretion du dit tnaire ou fenefchall ou dune deux puneront. Et qe chefcun pece de worftede foit purfuant parmye la pece de leall feifure bone & convenient fluff ct qils teignent les longeur & laeur ficomelaflife foleoit eflre daun-cien temps droitement accuf-tumee ceftaflavoir beddes de) pluis graund affife en longeur xiiij. aulnes largement & en laeur iiij. aulnes largement & beddes del mefne affife xij. aulnes en longeur & en laeur iij. aulnes & beddes de pluis petit affife x. aulnes en longeur & en laeur ij. aulnes & dimi*. & draps appellez monkes clothes xij. aulnes en longeur au meins & v. auarters en laeur & draps appellez chanon clothes dune affife vj. aulnes en longeur & ij. aulnes en laeur & de lautre affife v. aulnes & vij. quarters en laeur et double motleis vij. aulnes en longeur & v. quarters en laeur & fen-gle motleis vj. aulnes en longeur & v. quarters en laeur & double worftede x. aulnes en longeur & v. quarters en laeur et ditni double worftede vj. aulnes en longeur & v. quarters en laeur 6c rolle worftede xxx. aulnes en longeur & dimi aulne

for the amendment of the faid worfteds and craft ; and that all fuch rules and ordinances, fomade and ordained by them,

(hall be obeyed and kept by the faid artificers.

II. Or otberwife four of the Puniflimentof faid wardens, calling to them theoffciida*. fix of the moft difereet of the faid artificers within the faid city, and fix of the fame artificers within the faid county, by the difcretion of the faid mayor and fteward, or one of them, (hall punifh fuch of the faid artificers which breaketh, , or doth contrary to any of their faid rules and ordinances. (2)

And that every piece of worfted fhall be purfuing through the piece of lawfu) making, good and convenient fluff; (3) and The length that they fhall hold the length and breadth and breadth as the affife was	°*

wont to be of old time rightfully accuftomed, that is to fay, beds of the greateft afi-file fourteen yards largely ira length, and four yards largely in breadth ; and beds of the mean affife, twelve yards in length, and three yards in breadth ; and beds oi the lead affize, ten yards in length, and five quarters in breadth;

(4) and cloths called monks cloths twelve yards in length at the leaft, and five quarters in breadth ; (5) and cloths called chanon cloths, of the one affife fix yards in length, and two yards in breadth; and of the other affife five yards in length, and feven quarters in breadth; (6) and double motleys feven yards in length, and five quarters in breadth; and fingle motleys fix yards in length, and five quarters in breadth 5 (7) and double worfted ten yards in length ancl C c 3	fiv$

Digitized by Google

five quarters in breadth ; and the half double worfted fix yards in length, and five quarters in breadth; and the roll of worfted thirty yards in length, and half a yard in breadth;

(8)	and that no lambs wool be put in any of the faid wor-

Wardens may fteck- (9) And that the war feife defe&ive dens of the faid craft, and

The mayor, fteward, See. may enquire of, near, and determineof -fence*.

every of them, for the time being, (hall have power and authority to feife all fuch cloths and fluff fo being defe&ive.

III.	And that the faid mayor and fteward, and every of them, by twelve of the difereet artificers of the faid city and county, (hall have power at all times to enquire, hear, and determine of all fuch as do againft the faid ordinances within the faid city or county. {2)

Twelve arti- And moreover, in efehewing ficers (hall in- a]l fuch deceits and faKhoods

eight wardens.which. might happen to be wrought and done in the faid craft by the eight wardens aforefaid, or betwixt them-felves only, or in concealing of the falfe workmanftiip of o-. ther of the faid artificers in the faid city and county, that the mayor of the faid city for the time being, and the faid fteward, or one of them, at fuch time as he (hall think convenient, fhall call before him the faid twelve artificers, or the greateft part of them, and charge them to be fwom tp make rightful fearch, as well in the fluff, as in all the working of the worfted by the faid eight wardens hereafter to be wrought and made.

IV.	And that the faid wardens fo found defective either

The punifti-ment of the

wardens de- .	.	,	. ,	.

fedtive in their ,n execution or their office in

duties. fearch of all other of the fame

artificers within the faid city

and

aulne en laeur et qe ne fort mife en null do les ditz wor-ftedes afeune laine dagnell. Et qe les gardeins del mefme but & chefcun diceux pur le tempi efteantz averont & avera peanut audtorite de feifer toutz ttdx draps & fluff iflint efteantz defedtifi,

Et qe les ditz maire & fendV chall & chefcun deux par xij. homes de les diferetes artificers de les ditz citee & countee averont poair a toutz temps denquerer oier & terminer de toutz ceux qi fount ehcontre la dite ordenaunce deinz la dite citee ou countee. Et enoutre qe en efehuer dau-tielx deceite & faulxcete queux aveigner puilftnt eftre overez & faitz en la dite art par les viij, gardeins avauntditz ou entre eux mefmes tlntfolement ou en coupfeil de faulx artifice dautres de les ditz artificers en les ditz citee & countee qe le maire de la dite cite pur le temps efteant & le dit fenef-chall ou ung deux au tiel temps Come luy quide pluis bofoig-nable ferra appeller devaunt luy les ditz xij. artificers ou la greindre part deux & ceux charger deftre jurrez de faire droiturell ferche fibien en le fluff come en tout lartifice de worftede par les ditz viij. gardeins enapres eftre overez & faitz.

Et qe les ditz gardeins iffint trovez defedtifs ou en execu^ tion de lour office en ferche de toutz autres de mefmes les artificers deinz les ditz citee & countee ou en lour propre fluff ou artifice ferront corredtz par mefme le maire ou fenef-chall en tiel fourme ficome autres trefpaffours mefme lart duiflent ac droit eftre corredtez.

Et

Digitized by Google

39*

It qe let ditz gardcins & chef-<mn deux en chefcun part de la dite citee de Norwyce & ail-lours en les countees de NorfT SufP & CantebrV au toutz temps covenablez averont & avera poair de fercher tout maner des worftedes Sc le fluff diceux fibien deinz lomes o-verez deinz la dite citee de Norwyce ou countee de NorfT.

Et fi afeun homme devaunt !e dit maire ou fenefchall ou afeun deux foit ent trove de-fedlif par leur diferetion foit corre&e et le worftede & fluff trovez en fourme avauntdit defedtifs foient forfaitez lune make dautiel forfeiture trove en la dite citee de Norwice au maire de meftne la citee & trove, aiHours a le maire ou baillifs des citees burghs & vil-les ou as chiefs feignurs del fee dc & en tielx lieux come il a-viendra autielx wurfledes & fluff par les ditz gardeins ou par afeun deux par afeune caufe avauntdit defedlifs ou forfeta-bles eflre trovez et lautre moi-tee a les gardeins de la dite art pur le temps efleantz. Et qe null home de la dite art face afeun wurflede faunz ceo qil mette fur ceo fon propre figne tiflez ou entexez par orde-naunce de les ditz gardeins ou autrement cell wunlede defire forfait a nofire dit feignur le Roy.

Et outre ceo pur la pleine reformation de les deceites & faulxcete defuis recite par lau-iflorite avauntdit ordeignez eft & enadle qe les ditz viij. gardeins le dit lunedie profehein apres Corpus Chrifti annuel-ment encontinent apres lour charge defuis recite devaunt les ditz maire & fenefchall ou ung deux receu affigneront encontinent

and county, or elfe in their own fluff, or workmanfhip, fhall be corredled by the faid mayor or fteward, in fuch form as other offenders of the fame craft ought of right to be corrected. (2) And that the faid where the wardens and every of them, wardens may in every part of the faid city f«wch» of Norwich, and elfewhere in the counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge, at all times convenient, fhall have power to fearch all manner of wor-fleds, and the fluff of them, as well within the looms, as out of the looms, wrought within the faid city of Norwich, or county of Norfolk.

V.	And if any man, before the faid.mayor and fteward, or either of them, be thereof found defective, by their dif- . cretion he fhall be corrected,

(2) and the worded and fluff, Defe&ivefluff found in manner and form a- fhall be forfeit, forefaid defective, fhall be forfeit ; the one half of fuch forfeiture found in the faid city of Norwich, to be to the mayor of the fame city, and found in any other place, to the mayor, or bailiffs of the cities, boroughs, and towns, or to the chief lords of the fee, of and in fuch place, as fhall happen any fuch worfteds and fluff by the faid wardens, or by any of them, by any caufe atorefaid, to be found defective or forfeitable ; and the other half to the wardens of the faid craft for the time being. ($) And Everyman that no man of the faid craft fhall fet his make any worded, unlefs he put his proper mark fixed or ^orfted. woven upon the fame, by the ordinance of the faid wardens, or elfe the faid worfted fhall be forfeit to our faid lord the King.

CC 4	VI.	More-

Digitized byCjOO^IC

39*

Place* of iearch (hall be appointed and auo day*.

Wardens (hall let their mark.

Anno feptimo Edwardi IV. [1467.

VI. Moreover, for the full tinent une certein lieu ou deux

deinz la dite citee & certeins jours par feptmaigne & unc autre certeine lieu ou deux ou plufours fils quident bofoigna-ble en le dit countee de NorfF & certeins jours par feptmaigne pur Ian adonqes profehein en-fuant a lentent qe chefcun pece de wurftede qe en cell an ferra mys a vend foit apporte devaunt les gardeins de la dite within the faid city, and cer- art pur le temps efteant al une

de mefmes les lieux iflint par eux aflignez a lentent qe aux-ibien les artificers des wurftedes come les ditz gardeins favoir puifent en certein le lieu lou les ditz wurftedes puifleni duement & droitement eftre ferchez. Et fi les ditz gardeins trovent les ditz wurftedes par lour ferche bien & IpiaAnent

reformation of the deceits arid fal (hoods above rehearfed, by authority aforefaid it is ordained and enabled, That the faid eight wardens, the faid Monday next after Corpus Cbrifti, yearly, incontinently after their charge above recitea before the faid mayor and fteward, or one of them, fhall aflign incontinently a certain place, or two.

tain days by the week, and another certain place, or two, or more, if they think it ne-ceffary, in the laid county of Norfolk, and certain days by the week for the year then next following, to the intent that every piece of worded, which in the fame year (hall be fef to falc, fhall be brought before

the wardens of the faid craft faitz qe lors par les ditz gar-for the time being, to one of * deins ou par une deux fauns the faid places fo by them af- fine ou fee illeoqes foit mys fur

figned, to the intent, that as well the artificers of worfteds, and the faid wardens, may certainly know the place where the laid worfteds may duly and rightfully be fearened. (a) And if the faid wardens find the faid worfteds by their fearch well and lawfully made, that then fuch a mark or token fhall be fet by the faid wardens, or by one of them, without fine or fee, upon the fame, fo that all buyers may well know which piece is fufficiently and rightfully fearefied and wrought; and that the faid fearch fhall as well extend to the fluff of the fame, as to the fuffi-cient making : (3) And fuch as they fhall find defective, that tne mayor of the faid city, and fteward of the faid duchy, or one of them for the time being, by the affent of

the

ceo tiel figne ou token iflint qe toutz achatours bien favoir puiffent qil eft fufncialment k droitment ferche & overee et qe le dit ferche extende fibien a le fluff dicell corner la fuf-ficient faifure & tielx quellx ils trovent defedtifs qe le mairedek dite citee & fenefchall de le dit duchie ouune deux pur le temps efteantz par aflent par les ditz gardeins & xij. artificers ave-ront ou avera poair par ceft afte de mettre en icell tiel correction come par eux femblera refonable & qe pur chefcun pece de wurftede venduz nient fignez en fourme avauntdit qe le primer vendour dicell forface le price del pece iflint par luy vendue a noftre dit feignur le Roy et qe toutz ordenaunces adtes & grauotes faitz ou af-fairez en prejudice ou contrarie de les premifles concemantz

wur-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1467-] Anno feptimo Edwardi IV.

wurftedes foient voidez & dc the faid wardens and

393

null effeft.

Et qe toutzmaires vifcountes & baillifs & toutz autres officers foient entendauntz aidantz& fupportantz a les ditz gardeins en lour ferches fi fovent come ceux ou afcun deux fcrront ou ferra par les ditz gardeins ou par afcun diceux refonable-ment requis.

twelve

artificers, (hall havq power by this aft to fet therein luch cor-reftion as to them (hall feem reafonable; and for every piece of worded fold, not marked after the form afore-faid, That the first feller thereof (hall forfeit the price of the

f>iece fo by him fold, to our ord the King; (4) and that' all ordinances, afts and grants made or to be made in prejudice, or contrary to the pre- officcr# miffes concerning worfteds, be void, and of none effcft.	(hallbeattend-

VII.	And that all mayors, (bends, and bailiffs, and all ant upon the other officers, (hall be attending, aiding, and fupporting to fearchers. the faid wardens in their fearch, as often as they or any of them *°	,0#

fhall be by the faid wardens, or any of them, rdafonably	g*.

required.	c. 3.

CAP. II.

Far cloths made in the hundreds of Lifton, Taviftock, and Rowburgh in Devonfhire.

ITEM it was Jhewed to our The inhabi-faid lord the King in the faid tantsofcertain parliament, by the inhabitants	e

and reftdents of the hundreds of Dev onmiy Lifton, Taviftock, and Row- put flocks in burgh, within the county ofT)t- tbedotht

ITEM monftre fuit a noftre dit feignur le Roy en le dit parlement par les enhabitantz ic refidentz de les hundredes de Lifton Taviftoke & Rowe-burgh deinz le countee de De-voine qe comeen la darrein parlement commencez a Weftm’ le xxixe jour dAprill lan defon reigne tierce & par diverfes prorogations & adjoumamen-tes jufques le xxje jour de Ja-nuarie lan de fon reigne quart continuez entre autres ordeigne fuift par auftorite mefmc le parlement qe nulle perfone qe ferroiet ou ferroiet eftre fait af-cun drap lanuz au vend a le feft de Seint Peer appcllez lad-vincle delors profchein enfuant ne metteroit en ou defuis mcf-me le drap ne en la laine dont Je dit drap ferroiet fait afcuns flokkes en afcun manere fur peine de forfeiture mefme le drap en quel afcuns auti-elx flokkes ferroient raifez ou mixtep cope par la dite orde-naunce

von. That whereas in the laflmadeofthe parliament begun atWeftminfter the nine and twentieth day of hundreds. April, the third year of his reign, 4. Ed. 4. c. x. and by divers prorogations and adjournments continued till the xxi of January, in the fourth year of his reign) amongjl other things it was ordained by authority of the fame parliament, That no per-fen which should make any woolen cloth to fell, from the feaft called Saint Peter ad vincula then next folkwing, should put in or upon the fame cloth, nor in the wool whereof the faid cloth Jhall be rqadcy any flocks in any wifey upon pain of forfeiture of the fame cloth^ wherein any flocks should be put or mixt, as by the faid ordinance more plainly appearefh.

(2) By which ordinance the faid

in-

Digitized by Google

Anno feptimo Edwardi IV.	[14.67.

inhabitants being within the faid hundreds, were likely to be undone, for that they have continually ufed, from the time whereof is no memory, to mix and put flocks in the cloth made there, of the wool growing within the fame hundreds, without which flocks they might not, nor could 9 make any cloth there to fell, by reafon of the grojfnefs andflubbornnefs of the faid wool \ for the fame wool is not put in cloathing, nor in cloth, in any part of this realm ; fo that our Jaid lord the King by the faid ordinance Jhalllofe his cuf-toms, aulnages, and all other profits pertaining and belonging to him of the faid cloth made in the faid hundreds, and the inhabitants a-forefaid for ever /hall be utterly impoverished, and like to be undone, unlefs a reformation be had in the premifles.

II. Our faid lord the King (the premifles confidered) by the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, tnd the commons in this pre-fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, hath ordained, that all the faid inhabitants and refidents in any places within the fame three hundreds, may make, and caufe to be made, all manner of woolen cloth of the faid wool, and to. the fame lawfully put, and cauie to be put, fuen quantity of flocks as (hall be needful and profitable to the maker and owner of the fame cloth i and that all the cloths after fuch form to be made with flocks within the faid three hundreds, and every of them, may be bought and fold at all times, without any impeaching or damage of any perfon, and without forfeiting any of the faid cloths, not-with-

2

naunce pluis pleinement appi-ert. Par tjuell ordenaunce les ditz enhabitantz efteantz deinz les ditz hundredes furent fem-blables eftre defaitz par caufe ils ount continuelment ufez e temps qe null memoire eft de commixtre Sc mettre flokkes en le drap illeoqes fait de laine creflant deinz mefrnes les hundredes faunz quelx flokkes ils ne poiont ne favont feere afeun drap illeoqes a vend par caufe del groflure & ftoboumefle de mefme laine qar la dite laine neft pas mys en drapeur ne en drap en afeun part de ceft roi-alme iflint qe noftre dit feig-nur le Roy perdera par la dite ordenaunce fez cuftutnes aul-nage Sc toutz autres profifes a luy en cell part parteignauntz Sc regardauntz del dit draps fak en les dit draps fait en les ditz hundredes Sc les enhabitantz a-vauntditz pur toutz jours tout-autrement ferroient empover-ifhez Sc femblablcz deftre de-ftroiez finoun qe reformation foit eue en les premifles.

Noftre dit feignur le Roy les premifles coniiderez ad ordeigne par advis Sc afTent des feignurs efpirituelx & temporelx oc les communez en le dit parlement aflerablez Sc par audlorite del mefme oe toutz les ditz enhabitantz cc refidentz es afeuns lieux deinz les ditz trois hundredes puiflent faire & fere dire faitz tout manere drap lanuz du dite laine Sc en icell licite-ment mettre & fere eftre mys tiel quantite des flokkes come ferra bofoignable Sc profitable al feifour & pofleflour mefme le drap Sc qe toutz les draps en tiel fourme ove flokkes eftre faitz deinz les ditz trois hundredes & chefcun deux puiflent eftre achatez & venduz a toutz temps

1467 .J	Anno feptimo EdwARfii IV.

temps faunz afcun empefche- withftanding the faid ment ou damage dafcune per- nance above rehearfed. fane & faunz forfeiture dafcun

de les ditz draps la dite ordenaunce defois reherfee nient con-triftcant.

CAP. III.

For woolen yarn and. cloths unfulled, not to be carried out of the realm.

39$

ordi- 5 & 6 Ed. 6.

C. 6.

27 £1. c. 17.

ITEM monftre fuift cn le dh parlement par les com-munez qe come en diverfes parties deinz celt roialme de ^.jour en autre eftoit ufe per merchantes fibien eftraunges come deinfzeins dachater file lanuez par les livres & autres poifes es diverfes merchics & feires dont drap ferroit fait & femblablement dachater draps crudes nient fullez Sc xnefmez le file & drap crude fi nient fulle cariont oultre le meere pur toutz queux file Sc draps nient fullez noftre dit feigrtur le Roy nulle manere cuftume aulnage ne mill autre profit ne availle prift lou fi le dit file fuiflent trifle & le dit draps fullez deinz le roialme |e Roy averoit la cuftume & aulnage ptir les mefmes & tex-tours Sc follow? le dit roialme ferroient bien occupiez pur de-faute de qoy les lieges de noftre dit feignur le Roy font graundement endamagez & empoverifshez Sc eftranges parent le mieulx occupiez Sc en-richez. Si ad noftre dit feignur le Roy de laflent des fei-gnurs efpirituelx Sc temporelx en le dit parlement aflembleez Sc a la requeft des ditz com-munez Sc par auftorite de mef-me le parlement ordeigne Sc eflablie qe nulle perfone deinf-zein ou eft range a le feft de lafiumption qi ferra en lan noftre Seignur Dieu Mille cccclx viij. carie ou face deftre cariez as afeuns panies dcla le mere afcun

ITEM, it was Jbewed in the No woolen /aid parliament by mons, That whereas tn divers beyond Tea, parts within this realms mer- unfulled. chants, as well ftrangers as deni- 3 H. s. c. 7. Tens, have daily ufed to buy wool- 8 c’ 60 en yarn by the pounds and other weights, in divers markets and fairs, whereof cloth should be made; (2) and tikewife to buy raw cloths not fulled.9 and the fame yarn and raw cloths fo not fulled, did carry beyond the fea, for all which yam and cloths fulled^ our lord the King did take no manner cujlom, aulnage, nor any other profit or avail; (3) where if the Jaid yam were woven, and the faid cloths fulled within this realm, the King should have the cujlom and ad* vantage for the fame, and wea-vers ana fullers of the faid realm should be well occupied; for default whereof the King's liege people be greatly hurt and impoverijhed, and jhrangers thereby the better occu> pied and enriched. (4) Where- ^ fore our faid lord the King* * by the aflent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and at the requeft of his commons, in the laid parliament aflemb-led, and by the authority of the fame, nath ordained and eftablifhed. That no perfon, denizen or ftranger, from the feaft day of the AJfumption, which mall be in the year of our Lord God 1468, (hall carry, or caufe to be carried, into any parts beyond the fea, any woolen vam, or cloth not fulled.

Digitized by * ^.oogie



3 H. 7. c. 11. 50 Ed. 3. c. 7%

Ex edit. Palt. The force of the King's grants, re-leafes, See. of lands to them which before had right to them.

Lands holden of a common perfon by fealty, See. coming to the King's hands by attainder of treafon, being after granted to another (halt be holden as

Anno leptimo Edwardi IV. ¥4.67.3

led, but that the woolen yam , afeun file lanuz ne drap nient which (hall be made after the fullez mes qe le hie lanuz aflame feaft day in this realm, faire puis melme le fed en cell (hall be woven in the fame roialme foit texez en iccll. Et realm. (5) And alfo all cloth auxi tout drap en icell fait 2-therein made, after the faid pres le dit fed foit fullez & feaft day, (hall be fulled, and pleinement overez deinz le dit fully wrought within the faid roialme devaunt qe afeun dicell realm, before that It be had foit eue & carie hors dc ceft | and carried out of this realm, roialme fur peine de forfeiture upon pain of forfeiture of the de le verray value de tout tid very value of all fuch yarn un- file nient texe & drap nient | woven, and cloth not fulled, fulle euez ou cariez hors de had or carried out of this realm; ceft roialme la moite de mefme

(6)	the one half of the fame la forfaiture deftre levez al oep* forfeiture to be levied to the noftre dit feignur le Roy k King’s ufe, and the other half lautre moite ae ceo a luy ou thereof to him or them that ceux qi efpiera ou efpieront efpieth or maketh proof of any ou ferra ou ferront prove fuch unwoven yarn, or cloth' dafeun tiel file nient texe oa not fulled, after the faid feaft drap nient fulle puis le dit day, to be carried to any place feft eftre cariez a afeun lieu beyond the fea.	doutre le mere.	,

CAP. IV.

The effeSl of the King’s grant of lands to them which befert 1 had right in them.	1

ITEM, by the advice, aflent and authority aforefaid, it is ordained, That every grant, releafe, confirmation and reftitu-tion made and granted by the King in fee-fimple or fee-tail, to any perfon or perfons after the fourth day of March, the first year of his reign, of any manor or manors, lands or tenements with their appurtenances, whereunto the faid perfon or perfons before th/e time of every fuch grant, releafe, confirmation or ret titution to him or them fo made, had in or to the fame right or title, (hall be of fuch force and effedl as they were before the beginning of the faid parliament; any adt made or to be made in the fame parliament notwithftanding.

CAP, V.

How lands coining to the King’s hands hy attainder, and after granted to another, Jh all be holden

ITEM, by the advice, aflent and authority aforefaid, it is ordained, That all lands, tenements, hereditaments, and other pofleflkms, which the first day of March, next before the fourth day of March, the first year of the King’s reign, were holden by feity and rent, or other fcrviccs, of any perfon or perfons not attainted, which lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other pof-feflions the fourth day pf March, the first year of the King’s reign, or any time after came into the King’s hand or pofleflion, by rcafon ot any attainder of treafon, and after pafled from th? King by any ot his letters patents, to any perfon or perfons, or

hercafrer

1468.]	Anno oftavo Edwardi tV.	397

hereafter (hall pafs from the King by any of his letters patents, if the fame

to any perfon or perfons, that the lame perfon or perfons, and *tt*“^crha<*

every or them, and every their heir and heirs, aflignee and aflig- no cn#

nees, fucceflor and fucceflbrs (hall have, perceive and take fuch

rent and rents, as to any of them were due, and ought to be

due of the fame lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other pof-

feflions, or any of them being in the hands of any other perfon

or perfons than the King, as if the (®d attainders had not been

had. (2) And that it (hall be lawful to every perfon or perfons

not attainted, and to every of them, and to every of their heir

or heirs, aflignee and affrgnees, fucceflor and fucceflbrs in the

fame lands, tenements, hereditaments or other pofleflions,

being in the hands of any other perfon or perfons than of the

King, for the faid rent or rents to diftnain, after fuch manner

and form ^s they and every of them might have done, if the

fame attainders had not been had. This adt to be in his force

the first day of this faid parliament.

Statutes made at	Wejimtnfter, 8 Edw. IV.

and	Anno Dom. 1468.

NOSTRE feignur le Roy Edward puis le conqueft quart a fon parlement com-mencez a Weftm’ le tierce jour de June lan de (bn reigne feptiftne & par diverfes prorogations 6c adjornamentes juf-qes le xije. jour de May lan de fon regne oept continuez mef-.xne le xije. jour de ladvis & af-fent des feignurs efpirkuelx & temporelx & a la lpeciall re-queft des communez enmefme le parlement aflemblez ad fait ordeigner & eftablier diverfes ftatutes & ordenaunces en la fourme qenfuit.

OU R lord thi King Edward the Fourth after the coth-quell, at his parliament holden at Weftminfter the third day of June, the feventh year of his reign, and by divers prorogations and adjournments continued till the twelfth day of May, the eighth year of his reign $ the fame twelfth day, by the advice and affent of his lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the ftecial requefl of his commons, in the faid parliament affembled, hath made, ordained, and eftablifbed divers flatutes and ordinances in the form following.

CAP. I.

] An a£i concerning fet cloths.

FIRST, becaufe it was (hewed in the faid parliament, by the T, .

commons there being, concerning the clothmakers and breadth, and inhabitants within the county of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Effex, weight of that whereas long time paft there hath been a good common broad fet ufage within the fame counties, by the clothmakers there, ck>tlw and that divers woolen cloths called broad fet cloths, and other cal- roadeinWr* led ftreit fet cloths, that is to fay, the fet broad cloths every folk, Suffolk, cloth to contain after their fufficient workmanlhip thereto re- and Effex $

quired “d (h*U

Google

39$	Anno o^vo EdwaRdi IV.	{1468.

be fealed by quired ready to fale xxviij. yards and xxvij. inches ift length by

ihe auloager, CTGR9 and in breadth feven quarters within the lifts dirediy

Ed!V *6. from one	*°	t^ie ot^lcr CfM* fane* And

every cloth of the faid fet broad cloths fo made ready to fale to weigh xxxviij. pound at the leaft or more. And the faid cloths called ftreit fet cloths to contain after their fufficient and rightful workmanfhip thereto required ready to fale, in length xiiij. yards and xiiij. inches mdfcfured by the lift. And in breadth lij. quarters and di. quarter of a yard within the lifts dirediy from one end to the other. And every cloth of the faid ftreit fpt cloths fo made ready for fale, to weigh ix. li. and di. at the leaft or more, whereby the faid clothmakers and inhabitants in the faid counties did greatly profper, and had great profit and good utterance of the faid cloths and the King greatly increafed in his cuftoms, till now of late that divers and many of the inhabitants and clothmakers within the faid counties, by fubdl imagination craft and collufion did and now do make cloths there, naming fome of them broad fet cloths, and fome of them ftreit fet cloths.. The which fo named broad let cloths, die cloth palTed not the length of xxvy yards, and fome lefs, and m breadth no more but fix quarters and fome Ids, and in weight not above xxviij. pounds and fome lefs. And the faid doths called ftreit fet doths, the cloth paffed not the length of xij. yards, and fome lefs, and in breadth but half a yard and hatf a <juarter of a yard and fome lefs, and in weight not over feven pounds and lome left. By reafon of which deceits, as well in the undue workmanlhip as in default of length breadth and weight, the laid dothmakers and inhabitants within die £ud three counties, have not bad nor may have utterance into ftrangc parts nor to have profit of the faid cloths made after the form aforefaid, becaufe of the not due making, aforefaid, to the great damage and utter undoing of the faithful clothmakers inhabiting within the faid counties, and great damage to the King of his cuftoms and devoirs in this behalf: our faid lovereign lord the King {the premises confidered) by the advice and aflent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and at the requeft of his commons being in the faid parliament and by the authority of the lame, hath ordained and eftablilhed, That ail the faid cloths called broad fet cloths, and ftreit fet doths, and every of them, which (hall be made within any of the faid counties after the first day of Augujl, which fhall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand four hundred threefcore and eight, lhall be rightfully made in the form enfuing. That is to fay, every of the faid doths called broad fet cloths, after they be fufficiently, perfectly, and rightfully made, dean fcoured, fully fearched, and ready to fale, fhall contain in length xxviii. yards, and xxviii. inches meafured by the creft, and in breadth feven quarters within tbe lifts dirediy from one end of the faid cloth unto the other. And every of the faid broad fet doths after all the faid fufficient and perfed workmanfhip, dean fcouring, and foil fearching, and made ready to fale fhall weigh *xxviij. pounds at the leaft.

Digitized by L.00Q le

399

*468'] Anno o&woEdwardi IV.

And alfo that every of the faid ftrcit fet cloths, 'which (hall be made in any of the faid counties after the faid first day of Augu/l,, after all manner fufficient perfect and right workmanftiip, clean fcouring, and full fearch, and ready to (ale, (ball contain in length fourteen yards and fourteen inches meafured by the lift, and in breadth three quarters and half quarter of a yard within the lifts directly from one end to the other. And eveiy of the faid ftreit fet cloths after all the (aid fufficient and perfeCT work* manfhip, clean fcouring, and full fearching, and made ready to (ale, (hall weigh nine pounds and a half at the leaft. Andthat all the faid cloths, called broad fet cloths, and ftreit fet cloths, which (hall be made within any of the faid counties after the faid first day of Augujl, of right and perfect workmanftiip, according to this ordinance, (hall be fealed by the King’s aulnager or fealer, with the feals of the fubfidy and aulnage within every of the faid counties therefore ordained printed in wax. And that no perfon or perfons, after the faid first day of Auguji, (hall offer nor put to fale any of the faid cloths, called broad fet cloths or ftreit fet cloths, not keeping full length, breadth, and weight, or not clean fcoured or fully fearched according to this ordinance, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame, the one half thereof to the ufe of our faid fovereign lord the King, and the other half thereof to the party that (hall efpy and feife the fame. And that no perfon or perfons after the faid first day of Auguji, (hall tach, pack, or carry any of the laid cloths, called broad fet cloths, or ftreit fet cloths, out of any of the faid counties, un-Jefs the fame be fealed by the King’s aulnager, or fealer, after the manner above ordained by this ordinance, upon pain of forfei- / • ture of the fame, the one half to the King, and the other half to the party which (hall efpy and feife the fame. And if any aulnager, or any of his deputies within any of the (aid counties, fhall feal any of the faid fet cloths, not containing the fame length, breadth, and weight afbrefaid, that then he (hall forfeit for every broad cloth fo fealed, fix (billings eight pence. And for every of the ftreit fet cloths fo fealed xx. d. the one half of the fame forfeiture to be paid to the ufe of our faid fovereign lord the King, and the other half to him that will fue for the iame by action of debt, by writ or bill in any of the King’s courts, at his election that will fue in this behalf. And in the fame action to recover over and befide the faid forfeiture, fuch cofts and damages as be commonly ufed in an aftion of debt fried at the common law.

CAP. II.

An aft concerning liveries of company.

IETM, our fovereign lord the King, remembring that where The penalty in times pad divers ftatutes have been made for the punifti- for giving or meqt of fuch perfons, which give or receive liveries, with divers pains and forfeitures comprifed therein: and that yet divers per- rctabing. °* ions in great number, having no dread of the laid pains and Rep. 3 Car. 1, forfeitures, do daily offend againft the form of the fame: by the c. 4.

advice

Digitized by

Google

400

Anno o&avo Edwardi IV, [1468.

advice and adent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the prayer of the commons of this realm, being in the (aid parliament, and by authority of the fame, hath ordained and eftablidled, that all ftatutes and ordinances made before this time againft any perfons for giving or receiving of liveries and badges, (hall be fully obferved and kept. And moreover, that no perfon, of what eftate, degree or condition that he be, by himfelf or any otherfor him, from the feaft of the nativity of SaintJob* Baptijl% which (hall be in the year of our Lord God> M.CCCC.lxviii. (hall give any fuch livery or badge, or retain any perfon other than his menial fervant, officer, or learned man in the one law or the other, by any writing, oath, or promife, and if any do the contrary, that then he (hall run in pain and forfeiture for every fuch livery or badge, giving a C. s. and the retainer or taker of fuch oath, writing or promife, or retainer by indenture, for every fuch retaining or taking of any fuch oath or promife cc retaining by indenture, (hall incur the pain and forfeiture of one hundred (hillings for every month that any fuch perfon is fo retained with him, by oath writing, indenture, or promife. And alfo that every perfon fo retained, by writing, indenture, oath, or promife, for every fuch month that he is fo retained, (hall forfeit and lofe one hundred (hillings. And moreover the King, by the advice, aflent, and authority aforefaid, hath ordained and eftabliihed, That as well before the King in his bench, as before the juftices of the common place, juftices of peace in their feffions, juftices of Oyer and Terminer, and gaol delivery; the King's juftices in his counties palatine of Las-cajier and Chejlery for the time being, in every of thofe the King’s courts aforefaid, before them or any of them ; and in the regalty and court of the archbiftiop of York in Hexbamjbirt before the juftices there: and in the court of the bifhop of Durbam% in the county palatine of Durham, before the juftices there, every perfon that will fue or complain againft any perfan or perfons offending or doing againft the form of this ordinance, ! or any other of the premifles : (hall be admitted by the difcrc-tion of the judges in every of the faid courts, to give information for the King therein, of any of the premifles within the jurifdic-tion of every of the faid courts done or committed. And every fuch informer, if he will, (hall be admitted to fue for the King and himfelf, action for adtion upon the fame by information to be given or made in any of the laid courts, againft as many fuch i offenders in one bill or information to be named as liketh him, which fo informed). And this information fo given (ball ftand and be inftead of a bill, or original writ. And that thereupon all fuch procefs (hall be had and made, as is had and made upon an original writ of trefpafs done againft the King’s peace. And if any of the offenders be prefent in any of the faid courts, he by the commandment of every of the judges in the fame courts, (hall be brought in and put anfwer to fuch bill or bills by fuch information, by an oath iirft to be made upon a book by tba informer, before any of the faid judges, that his complaint is

rightful

Digitized by Google

1468.]	Anno	oftavo	Edwardi IV.	4qi

rightful without any other or further procefs therein. And that the fame judges and every of them, in every of the faid courts,

(hall have power in their feveral jurifdi&ion, to examine all perr fqns defendants, and every of them, upon every fuch information, and to judge him or them convicted or attainted as well by fuch examination as by trial, as the cafe requireth, after the difcretion of the judges: and alfo fhall be charged by the judgment in the fame to the perfon complainant or informed in this behalf, of all the cofts had in the fame, by the difcrptiop of th$ judges and judge in the fame. And alfo the fame party complainant to have the one half of the faid forfeitures, and the King the other half. And all fuch execution to be had for the informer in this behalf, as is had, or ought to be had in recoveries of debt or trefpafe at his pleafure. And that no protection nor efloin be allowed upon any fuch information. And that no (heriff nor coroner return upon any defendant being a perfpji fufficient, in any fuit grounded upon any of the premines returned fufficient, any lefs iffues than twenty (hillings at the first day of the diftrefs: and at the fecond day xxx. s. and at the third day forty (hillings, and fo at every day after, more by ten (hillings in iUues. And if any (heriff or^coroner do the contrary, that then he (hall forfeit for every fuch return againft the form aforefaid, twenty (hillings. And alfo by the advice, affent, and authority aforefaid, it is ordained, ThaKjn every city, borough, town, and port of this realrn corporate, wherein the mayor, (heriffs, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer of fuch city, borough, town or port, have power to hear and determine perfonal pleas: the fame mayor, (heriffs, (heriff, bailiff or bailiffs, or chief officer in the court holden before them or any of them, within any fuch city, borough, town, or port, (hall have all like and fuch authority to receive fuch information as to hear and determine as well by examination, as by trial by their difcretion ; all things done concerning the premHfcs, by, or to the inhabitants within the jurifdiltion of the fame court. And to make and to put this ordinance in execution, in like manner und form as is above ordained. «^nd that our fovereign lord the King, (hall have the one half of the forfeiture, and the informer therein* apd the mayor, (heriff?, (heriff, bailiff or bailiffs, or chief officer of fych city, borough, town or port, to have the other ha]f equally to be divided betwixt them: whereof the part pertaining to the mayor, (heriffs, (heriff, bailiff or bailiffs, or chief officer, (hall be applied to the ufe of fuch city, borough, town, or port. And that al| retainings, and every retaining by indenture or other writing oath or promife of any perfon made before the faid feaft, qther than to be menial fer-vants or officer, or of his council, or for lawful fervice done or to be done, (hal} be from the faid feaft utterly void and of no force nor effe<ft. Alfo it is ordained and eftablifhed, by the advice, affent, and authority aforefaid. That our fovereign lord the ICing, (hall have the one half of all the faid pains and forfeitures, in manner and form before ordaiued; except in cities,

Y ot. IIL	I> d	boroughs^

402

Anno o&avo EdWa£di iV. [1468;

boroughs, towns, and divers other places, where any perfon or perfons have by reafon of Aeir privileges, liberties, franchifes, or grants, like forfeitures and pains: and that every fuch per-fbn or perfons, {hall have the half of the faid forfeitures and pains made by this ad, according to their privileges, liberties, franchifes and grants, as the King (hould have, if the faid privileges, liberties, franchifes and grants had not been had, granted, nor made. Provided always. That this ad extend not, nor be prejudicial to any gift, grant, or confirmation made, or to be had of any fee, annuity, penfion, rent, lands, or tenements, by the King or any other perfon or perfons, to any perfon or perfons for their council given or to be given, and their lawful fervice | done or to be done, and for none other unlawful caufe: nor none | other unlawful intent: although that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch gift, grant, or confirmation is or fhall be made, be not learned in the one law or in the other. Alfo it is ordained by the advice, aflent, and authority aforefaid. That every fuch gift, grant, or confirmation, fhall be of like force and effed, and as good, effedual, and available, as they and every of them were, if this ad had not been made. And by the laid authority it is ordained, That no Exigend fhall be awarded by any of the juftices for the time being, within the faid counties palatine of Lancajier and Chejler, or either of them, or in the faid bifhoprick of Durham, againft any perfon or perfons, upon any information, iuit, or procefs to be made by force of this ordinance and ftatote. And if any Exigend be awarded, or an outlawry thereupon pronounced, in any information, fuit, or procefs to be made by virtue of this ordinance, as before is faid, that then fuch outlawry fhall be utterly void and of no force nor effed, without any fun pr writ of error or otherwife. Provided alfo, That this ordinance do not extend to any livery given or to be given, at the King’s or Queen’s coronation, or at the ftallation of an arch-bilhop or bilhop, or eredion, creation, or marriage of any lod Or lady of eftate, or at the creation of knights of the bath, or ar the commencement of any clerk in any univerfity, or at the creation of ferjeants of the law, or to give by any guild fraternity or mvftery corporate, or by the mayor and (heriffs of the city of London or any other mayor, fheriff, or other chief officer of any city, borough, town, or port of this realm of Englandy for the t!.ne being, during that time, and for executing their office, or occupation, nor to any badges or liveries to be given in defence Of the King, and of nis realm of England, nor to the conftabte and marihal, nor to any of them for giving any badge, livery, or token for any fuch feat of arms to be done within his realm, or to any wardens of the marches toward Scotland for any livery, badge, or token of them to be given from Trent northward, at fuch time only as fhall be neceflary to levy people for de-1 fence of the faia marches of any of them,

C A'P*

Digitized by Google

1468.]

Anno o&avo Ebwardi IV,

¥>i

CAP. Ill,

In aftions triable by jurors of Middlefex, the jurors Jball be called thefourth day.

ITEM monftre fuift par les TTEM, It was /hewed by the The fevend ditz communez cn le dit X commons in the faid parlia- charges andr parlement depar les franc te- ment, on the behalfofthe freehold- tr?V^ / nauntes demurantz dedeinz le ers dwelling within the county ^freeholders of countee de Middlefex deinz Middlefex, within which countv Middlefex,be-quel countee annulment font there be yearly many aflions fuel\ ing jurors, plufours adlions fuez & trials and trials had by twelve men, endure, par xij. hommes euez qe font more than be within many other * Gco*4* c‘7f dedeinz plufours autres coun- counties of this realm, in regard of tees de cell roialme caufez par the refiance of all the King’s courts refeancie de toutz courtes du holden and remaining at Weft-Roy tenuz & demurantz au minder within the faid county,,

Weftm’ deinz le dit countee if- fo that in every affion brought to lint qe en chefcun a&ion jointz an ijfue in the faid county fome of al iffue en le dit countee afeuns the faid freeholders be impanelled, de les ditz franc tenauntes font to their treat vexation: (2) and empanellez a lourgraunt vexa- alfo befides the fejftons of peace tion Sc enfement outre les fef- holden within the faid county, by fions de peas tenuz deinz le dit inquifitions in the King’s bench, countee mefmes les franc te- and upon the deliverance of prifon-nauntes chefcun temps par in- ers there, and by allions upon pa-quifitions en le banc le Roy & tents and taillesfued in the King’s / fur deliverance des prifones il- exchequer, and to Jberiffs and leoqes & par a&ions fur pa- other accountants, their deputies tentz & tallies fuez en lefche- andattomiesyfurmifed tobejhew-quer du Roy & as vifeontz Sc edy and ijfues thereupon joined autres accomptantz lour depu- and taken, the fame tenants alters Sc attornees furmifez eftre ways impanelled thereupon be im-monftrez & iffuesfurceojointz portunately vexed\ grieved, and Sc prifez empanellez en icell ils impoverijbed; (3) andy which font emportunement vexez gre- more hurt iSy when they be im-vez & empoverifhez et qe plu- panelled upon divers aflions peris damage eft quaunt ils font Jonaly and the Venire facias and empanellez en diverfes adions Habeas corpora returned, a de-perfonelx & les Venire facias lay by effoin or default is by the Sc Habeas corpora retoumez law allowed to the party plaintiff delaie per default ou effoin al or defendant; (4.) and though partie pleignant ou defendant fome of them which be impanelled eft alloue la ley accordant Sc would appear, yet the jury should mefque afeun de les empanel- not be demanded, but all their de-lez adonqe voudroit apparoier faults without demanding (be it enqore la jurr’ ne ferra demaun- amerciaments or ijfues fo upon de mes toutz lour defaultes than returned) Jhall be enteredy faunz demaunder foit il amer- no default being in them, which ciament ou iffues iffint fur cux is againjlrcafon. (5) Our lord in afHons tn-fStournezferronjentrezefteant the King (the premiffes con-able by jurors

null P d 2	fldered)	°* Middipfoe,

4°4	Anno	odavo	Edwardi	IV.	[1468-

the jurors ftaU fidered) by the advice of the

fourth daiaf- ,ords ^and temporal, ter the return.	at t^ie requeft of the com-

mons, in the faid parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame, hath ordained, That every juror, from the feaft of the blefied Trinity next coming, that (hall be impanelled and returned within the faid county of Middlefex, in any of the faid courts, in any of the faid actions, at every fourth day of the return thereof (hall be demanded and called, (6) and that all perfons impanelled in any of thofe courts that do appear at the fame day, their appearance (hall be recorded, and there entered by the court, and they (hall not be amerced, nor lofe any iffues the fame day in Delays in per- that fuit. (7) And it is ordain-pTprefudked ed bY the fame authority. That by tliuftatute. every default, effoin, and every other delay of any perfon, plaintiff or defendant, m any i uch perfonal adlion by the law heretofore ufed, by this ordinance (hall not be prejudiced nor taken away in any manner, J)ut be adjuaged, adjourned, and allowed in as ample and large form, as they were before the making of this ftatute, this ordinance notwithftanding.

null default en iceux qoyeft ehcontre reafon. Noftre dit feignur le Roy les premifles confiderez de ladvis des feig-nurs efpirituelx & temporelx k a la requeft de fes communes en le dit parliament efteantzfc par audiorite del mefme ad or-deigne qe chefcun jurr’ a le fed del benoit Trinite profehein venaunt denpaneller & a retour-ner dedeinz le dit counteede Middlefex en afeun de les ditz courtes al chefcun quart jour de retourne dicell foit demaun-des & appelles et qe tantz per-fones empanellez en afeun di-ceux come apparent a cell joar qe leure apparence foit recordc & la entre par la court & ne foi-ent amerciez ne perdent afeuns iffues celle jour en icell fute. Et ordeignezeft par la dit auc- \ torite qe la default effoin & chefcune autre delaie dafeune perfone pleignaunt ou defen-daunt en afeun tiel adtion per-fonel par la ley cydevaunt ufez 1 par ceft ordenaunce ne foient prejudices ne tolles en afcun maner mes eftre adjuggez ad-journez & allouez en fi ample & large fourme ficome ils fii-rent devaunt la faifure de ceft ordenaunce ceft ordenaunce ni« ent contrifteant.

CAP. IV,

For Jberiffs.

Ex edit Raft. TTEM, whereas in the fourteenth year of the reign of King Sheriff. JL Edward the Third, progenitor of our fovereign lord the A pardon to King that now is, it was ordained. That no (heriff mould abide

occupied riuf *n °®ce over u year* And *n t^ie two an^ fortieth year of (heriftwick	re*Sn	°f	fame King Edward the Third, it was ordained

above one that no (heriff, nor underiheriff, nor (heriff *s clerk, (hould abi<k year, An. 1,*, in hisoffice over a year, wtych ordinances amongft other in the 3* f h ft tat rtventy third yearot the reign of the late pretenfed king indeed, tnade^Ed^! and not of right, Henry the fixth, in the full parliament were re-ftat. i.c.7. hearfed, and by authority of the fame it was ordained. That% 41 Ed. 3. c.9. any (heriff, unoeriheriff, or (heriff’s clerk,other than in the fame c.s forlilthc or^n^lces Was excepted, (hould occupy the office of fheriff,

underfheriff, Digitized by Google

j468.3 Anno odtavo Edwardi IV.	405

underfheriff, or (herifFs clerk, contrary to any of the faid ordi- other years nances, that then he that.fo (hould occupy, (hould forfeit the ftaUcontinue, fudi of two hundred pbunds. And that every pardon from Pardon, thenceforth to be made of fuch forfeiture of the faid fum, (hould be void and not vailable. And that every liege man, that would fue for the fame fum forfeit againft him or them, which fo (hould forfeit, (hould be received and admitted to fue an action of debt in his own name: the King to have the one half of that, that (hould be recovered by the faid action, and he or they that fo would fue, to have the other half thereof, as in the faid ordinance, made the faid twenty third year, doth more fully appear. Contrary to which ordinances divers (heriffs, under-(heriffs, and (heriffs clerks, of divers counties of this realm, in the firft, fecond, and third years of the reign of our fovereign	»

lord the King that now is, then being in this realm great trouble, and peace then not fully eftablilhed, did occupy over a year, feme of them by a greater fpace over a year, ana fom« by a lefs, caufed in divers parts of this realm bv the faid trouble, and in fome parts becaufe that none other fneriff was . ordained by long fpace after the year paft: our faid fovereign lord the King, by the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, ana at the requeft of his commons in the faid

Sarliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame hath or-ained and ffabli(hed. That no manner perfon being (heriff, underlheriff or (heriff’s clerk, of any county of this realm, the firft, fecond or third year of his reign, or any time or fpace within the fame, for the occupation of the office of (heriff, underlheriff, or (heriff’s clerk, in the three years, or any part or fpace within the fame or of the fame, or any of the fame, above a year, although their occupation were againft the ordinances before recited, nor none of them be damnified, nor in any wife hurt by any action pain or forfeiture in the fame ordinances, or in any of them comprifed,atthefuitof our faid fovereign lord the King, nor at the fuit of any of his liege people, but that the fame (heriffs, underfheriffs, and (heriffs clerks, and every of them, of and for every pain, action, and forfeiture purfued or to be purfued, levied or forfeited of them or any of them, by our (aid fovereign lord the King, or any of his liege people, for their occuping of the faid three years, or any fpace or time within the fame, be quit and difeharged for ever by this adh The faid ordinances, or any of them made before the timenot-withftanding. Yet neverthelefs the fame ordinances and every of them (hall remain in their ftrength and force againft all (heriffs, underiheriffs, and (heriffs clerks, for their occupation of all Sheriffs clerks** other years, than the faid three years as aforefaid, as the fame ordinances were befqre this adt made.

D i i	Statutes

Digitized by Google

406	Anno	duodecimo	EUwardi	IV.	£1472.

*3R. 6. c.8.

«

Statutes made at JVeJlminJier, Anno 12 Edw. IV. and Anno Dom. 1472.

T the parliament holdenat \ UpaiiementtenuzaWeftm'

il le vje. jour DoAobre Ian du reigne du Roy Edward Jc le conqueft

Weftminfter the Jixth day tf Oftober, in the twelfth year of the reign of King Edward the Fourth after the conqueft \ our faid fovereign lord the King, to the nonour of God, and the weal of him, and of his realm, by the advice and afjent of the lords Jpi-ritual and temporal, and at the re-quejl of his commons, in the fame parliament ajfembled^ and by authority of the fame parliament, hath ordained made, and ejlablijh-ed certain Jlatutes and ordinances in form following*'

quart puis le conqueft xij*. mefme noftre dit feignurle Roy al honour de Dieu, he pur If bien de luy Sc de fen roiabne* del adVys Sc aflent dez feignun efpirituelx Sc temporelx £ah requefte de fez communes, en mefme le dit parlement aflem-blez, & per xu&orite de mefme le dit parlement* ad fait or-deigner & cftablier certeins rf-tatuitz & ordenauncez en la fourme qe enfaift.

CAP. I.

How long a Jheriff, not being difcharged, may occupy bis office.

FIRST, whereas by a Jlatute made at Weftminfter, in the twenty third year of the reign of King Henry, late in deed, and not of right. King ^England, called King Henry the Sixth, it was ordained, That no Jheriff fhould occupy his office of fbenff above a year, upon pain of two hundred pounds; (2) except certain perjons in the faidflatute excepted, as in the fame is more plainly fpecifed: (3) divers and many of the King's liege people have been grirjoufly indamaged, and greatly delayed of their fuits and procejfes every year, in the term called Michaelmas term, as for their actions, writs, and precepts to be returned within the fame term, after the fixth day of the month ^November, becaufe that the King's letters patents whereby any Jheriff is made, do mojl commonly bear date the fixth day of November, (4) and though it fo be, that the new Jheriffs be yearly chofen the morrow

after

PRhnerement, pur eeo qe per eftatuit fait a Weftm’ enlandu reigne du Roy Henry jadys en fait & nient de droit RoyDcngleterre,appeHez le Roy Henry le vje. puis le conqueft xxiij. eftroit ord eigne, qe null vifeount oocupierok fon office de vifeount ouftrer un an, fur payne ne CC* 1L except certeins perfons en mefine Idf-tatuit exceptz, come en ycdle eft pluis pleynement efpecifiez; diverfez & piufours dez liege* du Royount eftez grevoufment endamages & graundement de-laiez de tour fuitez & procefiez chefcune an en le termc appel-lez Michel terme, come pur lour actions briefs & preceptz deftre retoumez deinz mefme le terme apres le vje. jour du mois de Novembr*, pur ceo qe lez lettres patentz du Roy, per les quels afeune tie! vifeount eft fait, portent date pluis com-munement le vj«. jour de No-vetnbre Sc communement qii

ibzt.

Digitized by LiOOQle

1472.] Anno duodecimo Ejdwarjdi IV*	407,

foit, qe novels vifcountz foient after the feajl-day of All-fouls,*/* annulment ellieux en leflde- which new jheriffs, fochofenand mayn dez toutz altnez, ae les appointed, divers of them have quelx novel* vifcountz. iflint refufed, and divers of them have ^ eilieux & appointez diverfez de not had their patents, nor taken . eux ount jefufez, & diverfez their oath, until long time after de ceux nount mye ewez lour the end of thefaid Michaelmas patentz, jie preignez lour fere- term* by reafon whereof divers of merit, jefques long temps apres the King's liege people and fubje&s le fine del dit Michel 1 terme: be greatly indamaged ana delayed pur quoy plufours liegez he fub- of their fuits> proceffes, and pre-gietz du Roy fount graunde* cepts> which should be returnable ment endamages & delaiez de in the King's courts at the days of lour proceflez & preceptz, qe the return within the fame term, ferrount retournablez en lez after the fxtb day of November* cQurtz du Roy as les jours del that is to Jay, at the days of return retourne deinz mefme le terme called Crattino Martini, 0<fta-. apres le vje. jour de Novemhr*, .bis Martini, and Quindena fcilicet as les iours del retourne Martini, becaufe that the old appeUez Craftino Martini, Oc- Jheriffs durjl not> nor would not cabis Martini, & Quindena take upon them to return any writ Martini, pur caufe qe les vcel- or precept after the year that his ez vifcountz nofent ne voillept patent did bear date, for fear of prendre fur eux de rctourner the penalty contained in the afore-afcune briefe ou precept apres faia Jlatute^ to the great lofs, as lan qe fon patent port date, Well to the King of that which pur paour del peyne en le a- JJmld grow to him bp reafon of vauntdit eftatuit conteignuz, a the faidprocefsy as to his liegepeo-graund perde, fibien a Roy de P‘ie> b delays which they thereby ceo ae luy accrefceroit per rea- fujlain. (5) It is ordained by a fheriff being fon ae lez ditz proceflez, co- authority of the forefaid par- notdifcharg-me a fon liege poeple per delai- liament. That if any fherifF of *d» °?ay occu-ez qils ount per ycell: fy eft il any county do execute, or re-ordeignez per lau<ftorite du dit turn any writ, precept, or aelmas term/ parlement, qe ft afcune vifcount warrant in any of the faid courts notwithftandU dafcun countee execute ou re- of the King, within the faid the ftatute toume afcune briefe precept ou term called Michaelmas term, o£»iH*-c*** warant en afcuns des courtzdu after the fixth day of November,

Roy deinz le dit terme appellez and before any writ of difcharge Michell terme, apres le vje, delivered to him of his occupy-jour de Novcmbr* he devaunt ing of (heriffwick, he (hall not afcune briefe de difcharge deli- be damnified by force of the verer a luy de fa occupation de faid ftatute, nor charged of the vifcount, ne foit endamage per penalty aforefaid, although that force du dit eftatuit, ne del he hath occupied the office of peyne avauntdit foit charge; Iheriff after any of the faid days tout foit il, qe celluy ad occu- of return called Craftino Marti-pie loffice de vifcount per lan, ni% Oftabis Mar tinier Quindena quaunt pur afcuns de les ditz Martini. jours de retourne appellez Craftino Martini, O&abis Martini, ou Quindena Martini,

, P<U

!

CAP.

Digitized by Google

Anno duodecimo Edwardi lV. [14^2*

1

CAP. II.

Pour boviftaves Jhall be brought into this realm for every Four bow	tun	of mercbahdife.

Haves (hall be T TEM, hecaufe that our five- T TEM par ceo qc noftre feig-brought into X reign lord the King, by a pe- X nur le Roy, per un petiri-this realm for tition delivered to him in the /aid on n lay bailie en le dit parie-<Veryh^T Par^amentt b the commons of the ment per les communes dicdle, mere ts fame, hath perceived* That great ad entendue, qe graunde ef-fcarcity of boivjlaves is notv in thii car cite de boweftaves or eft en realm, and the bowftaves that be in ceft fon roialme, et ceux bowc-the realm be fold at an excejfive ftaves, qe forunt en rtiefme le pricey whereby the exercifi of roialme, fount verrduz a trap archery is greatly difcontinued, and excelfive price, perourit lefete almdji lofl\ (2) our faid lord the darcherie eft graundement dif-King confidering the premifles, Continuez, & biens pres per-by the advice, aflent, and ati- duz; mefme noftre feignur le thority afotefaid, hath ordained Roy, lez premiflez confidenaffi, and eftablifhed, That every dd advys aflent & autSbonte merchant ftranger, and every, fuifditz, ad ordeigne eftablie& or any of their factors, attor- enadfce, qe Chefcime' marchaunt nies, or fervants* which at any eftraunger, & chefcune ou af-time after the feaft of St. Mich- cun del lour faitours adtours ou cel the archangel next coming, fervauntz, qi al afeun temps lhall bring, fend, or convey in- apres la fefte de Seint Michel) to this land any mereftandife in larcaungell profehein veignaunt carrack, galley or (hip, of the amefnerount envoierount ou city or country of Venice, or of convoierount en cefte terre af-other city, town, or country, cune metchaundife eircarrike from whence any fuch bow- ealoieou nief de lacitee oupays ftaves have been before this de Venice, ou del afeune autre time brought, fent, or convey- citee ville ou pays de quele af-ed into this land, at every time cuns tielx boweffaves devaunt of their bringing, fending, or ceft temps ount efte amdhn conveying of any fuch mer- envoiez ou convoiez en ceft chandifes into this realm, (hall terre, a chefcune temps de low bring, fend, or convey into amefnaunce envoiance ou coa-this realm, with the faid mtfr- voiance dez tielx merchaun-chandifes, in the fame carrack, difez en ceft roialme sunefheot galley, or (hip, wherein any envoient ou convoient en me(-fuch merchandises (hall be here- me le roialme ovefqe lez ditz after brought, fent, or convey- marchaundifes, en mefme le ed, for every tun weight of carrik galee ou nief en qude af. fuch merchandifes which here- ctms tielx marchaundifes fer-after (hall be contained in every rount amefnez envoiez ou cou-carrack, galley, or (hip, four voiez en apres, pur chefcune bowftaves,, (2) upon pain of pois de toneaue dautiei mar-forfeiture to the King for every chaundife, qe en apres fern default of bringing of every conteignuz en chefcune carrier fuch bowftaff vi.s. viii.d. {4) gaioia ou nief* quatre bowt-aad. alfo the faid bowftaves fo	flares,	i

brought,.

Digitized by

Anno duodecimo E-DWARDi IV.

Raves, fur payne de forfaiture au Roy pur deffaute damef-nance dechefcune autiel bowe-flave vj.s. viii.d. et auxi les ditz boweRaves enfi amefners envoiers ou convoiers per lez ditz marchauntz lour faitours attoumers ou fervauntz en ceft froialme foient ferchez & fer-veiez per les mairs vifeountz baillifs ou chiefgovernours dau-tielx citees ou villes deinz ceft dit roialme, per la ou en afeu-ne tiel carrike galee ou nief a-viendra en apres, de fair fon port falu. Et les ditz mairs vifeountz baillifs ou chief governours dafligner deux homines, expertez de fercher les ditz Raves, & lez ditz deux hommes deftre jurres per lez ditz mairs vifeountz baillifs ou chief governours, a lentent qe ils ferrountfigner veraiement& indifferentment les ditz ftaves nient efteantz bons ne fuffice-

brought, fent, or conveyed by the faid merchants, their factors, attomies, or fervants into this realm, (hall be fearehed and furveyed by the mayor, (heriffs, bailiffs, or chief governors of fuch cities or towns within this realm, where any fuch carrack, galley, or (hip (hall hereafter come to fate port; (5) and the faid mayors, (heriffs, bailiffs, or chief governors (hall aflign two men moft expert, to fearch the faid ftaves, and the faid two men to be (worn by the faid mayor, (heriffs, bailiffs, or chief governors, that tfiey (hall truly and indifferently mark the ftaves that be not good and fufiicient, according tb the manner as fuch ftaves in times paft were wont to be marked*, to the intent that all the King's liege people may have knowledge of them without fraud.

409

Bowftaves brought into this realm ftiall be furveyed, fearch -ed, and marked.

antz, en tiel manere come en temps pafle autielx ftaves foleint eftre fignez, al entent qe tout liege poeple de noftre dit feignur le Koy puiffent aver conif-aunce diceux faunz fraude.

13 EL c.i^.

CAP. III.

An aft for the fubfidies.

ITEM, whereas in the parliament holden in the third year of the Ex edit Raft.

reign of our faid fovereign lord the King, the commons of the faid aft of the fame realm of England granted to him for the defence of the parliament fame realm, and efpecially for the fafeguard andcuftodyof the fu^fidy^n feara fubfidy, called tunnage, to perceive and receive in manner the third year and form following, that is to fay three (hillings of every tun of of King Ed-wine coming into this realm: and of every tun of fweet wine ward ™ coming into this realm of England by any merchant alien, as well by the merchants of Hanfi and Amain, as of any other mer- in^n^book.

• Chant ftranger three (hillings over and above the laid three (hillings before granted, to have and perceive the faid fubfidy yearly from the feaft of March in the year of our lord God M, CCCC,

LXIV. for term of his natural life. And moreover the faid commons, by the aflent aforefaid granted to the King for the lifeguard and keeping of the fea, another fubfidy called pound-dage, that is to fay, of all manner merchandifes of every merchant denizen and alien, as well of merchants of Hanfe and Al-min, as of any other merchant alien, carried out of this faid

realm*

Digitized by

Google

Aiino duttfedmo Ejjwajldi pf. [ 1472,

tpaivb or fought into.the iame by way of merchandife, of the value of every xjc.s. ^4. /except j&j, whejreof ttye merebapt ftrangers fhall pay for fubfidy of the yjjue of every xx.s. ijs. And the merchant denizens ;xij.d. And aU manner merchan-difes of evqry merchant denizen to be valued according as they did coft at the first buying by their oaths, or oaths of their fer-yapts buyers of the laid merphandife? in their aJbfence, or by their letters, which the fame merchants have of i"uch buying of their favors, and in jOpne other ni^nner. All manner woolen -clothes, made and wrought ,yv,i*hin this K&tn of England by any merchant denizen9 not being an alien bom, to be .pai?iea out of the fame realm .within the tijne of this grant: all manner woqls woolfels apd feather gpingout of the fame : and all and every manner of corn flour: and ail manner qffrefri AAi heft file and wine coding into this realm: and all manner visual going out of this realm for the victualing of the town of Calm, and the marches of jthe fame under the King’s obeifance, out of this grant always excepted: to have and perceive yearly the laid fubfidy pf poundage firpm the faid first day of March during his natural life, as in the grant thereof maae more largely is contained: the King perceiving the great difeeipt done to lum, <in withdrawing and cpncealipg of the faid duties: and amongft other things,many and divers merchants ftrangers and denizens ,do ufe tp bring into this realm cloth of gold, cloth of illver, bawdkin, velvet, damafle, fatin, ferpenet, tartaron, chainlets, and other cloths of filk and gpld, and of filk bping of great value by way of merchandifes from the parts beyond the fea: and by fubtil and fraudulent means conyey the fame merchandifes to the fend, not paying the very cuftoms and fubfidies thereof due after the form or the faid a<ft, nor tl)e lame merchants ftrangers do not emplqy .the value of their faid merchandifes upon the commodities of this realm, to the great damage of the King arid of this his realm : and although the faid fubfidy was granted tahim efpecially for the keeping of the fea: yet by reafon of the faid difeeipts withdra wing and concealing of the faid. duties from the King, which (hould apd ought to come of thcaforqfaid fubfidy, the profit thereof coining to the King is fo .diminilhed and impaired that it attaineth not, nor hereafter is like to attain to apy like fum* as it hath done in times part, nor fufficeth not, nor in time to come is like to fuflice and fuf-tain the King’s neceffery and requifite charges for the keeping of the fea, for the furety of the King and of this realm, and for the fure paffage of merchandifes into this realm and out of this • realm, unlefs that a convenient and fure remedy be provided tp expel and remove the laid deceits. Therefore our foverpign lord the King, by the aflept of the faid lords fpiritual and temporal, and the faid commons in this parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame, hath ordained eflablifhed and pna&ed, •that from the feaft of tlie nativity of Saint John Baptift next -coming, no merchant denizen or ftranger (hall fet or fuller any cloth of gold, offilver, bawdkin, velvet, damalk, latin, tarta-

ron.

1472*1 Anno duodecimo Edwardi IV.	411

ton, or chamlet, nor none other cloth of fiUc, nor any corfe of filk and of gold, nor of filk of the making of any of the parts beyond the fea to fell, before that the collectors of the fubfidy of tonage and poundage and the comptroller of the fame in the Tonage. port where fuch merchandife is fet upon land, hath furveyed and meafured the fame. And hath fealed every piece thereof in the one end thereof, with the feal or mark especially to be or* dained for the fame, whereof the fame collectors have the one part: and the comptroller have the other part feveraUy in their cuftody. And if any fuch cloth of gold, of filver, bawdkin, velvet, damaflc, iatin, farcenet, tartaron, chamlet, and cloth of filk and of gold, be any time hereafter fet to fale not fealed, nor having fuch feal thereupon: that then he which fetteth fuch merchandife to fale, (hall forfeit the fame merchandife or the value thereof, whereof two parts (hall be to the King, and the third part to the finder. Alio it is ordained by the fame authority, That the collectors of the fame fubfidy and the (aid comptroller, (hall at all times requifite, be ready to feal fuch merchandife: and to feal the fame at all times when they be required without delay, or taking any thing for the fame in any wife, upon pain of forfeiture to the owner thereof twenty (hillings for every of the faid collectors and comptrollers at any time that they refute to feal fuch merchandife after fuch requcft made, or take any thing for the fealing of any fuch merchandife. Alfo it is ordained by the authority aforelaid, That all manner of fuch cloths of gold, of filver, bawdkin, velvet, damaflc, fetin, farcenet, tartaron, chamlet, and every other cloth of filk, corfe of gold and filk now being within this realm, and after the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel next coming, offered to fell, (hall be fealed with the faid feals before the faid feaft, upon the pain before fpecified. Alfo whereas it is expreffed in the faid grant of the (aid fubfidy, that if any concealment be found in the merchants in the payment of tne faid duties. That they for fuch concealment (hall pay only double fubfidy without other pain or forfeiture therein, as in the fame aCt is more fully contained.

The King confideringthatnotwithftanding the fame ordinance, merchants do not regard to defraud him of his duty of the fahi fubfidy, in as much as they do nothing forfeit in that behalf, but only pay the double fubfidy, by the advice affent and authority aforefaid hath ordained and eftabliftied. That the fame fta* tute in this behalf be void, and of no ftrength. And if any merchandifes, which be to be brought to the parts beyond the fea, or to be carried out of this realm, whereof any fubfidy is or (hall be due or pertaining to the King, be hereafter (hipea to be carried beyond the fea, the collectors of the faid fubfidy not paid, or without agreement with the collectors of the faid fubfidy for the fame. That then the faid merchandifes or the value thereof, ihall be forfeit to the King. Alfo whereas divers merchants if rangers and other_ oftentimes in the city of London, and in o-ther places have packed divers woolen cloths, fome in grain, fome ungrained, and other cloths not grained, and the fame

*

412

*tH. 4 II 8 6H.8

Anno duodecimo Edwardi IV. [1472.

fo packed caufe to be carried by land from London and other places to other ports, as to Sandwich, Southampton and other pom, whereas the customers for the time being without due packing or fight of fuch cloths, upon the information of the merchants, do cuftom fuch cloths, as for coarfe cloths, whereby the Kin^ is greatly deceived of his duties thereof, as well in the finefs of fuch cloths, as in the not knowing of the number of the cloths fo packed. Therefore the King by the advice and afient afore-faid, and by the fame authority doth ordain eftablifti and enad, That in every port within this realm of England, wherein any woolen cloths (hall be packed after the first day of May next coming, in the prefence of the collectors of the aforefaid cuftoms | and fubfidies, of the fame port for the time being, That all fuch cuftoms and fubfidies, due and pertaining to the King for the faid cloths, (hall be paid and contented to the fame collectors, where the faid cloths be fo packed, or elfe fufficient furety (hall be thereof to them found, before that the fame cloths be carried from the faid port to any other port or place, upon pain of forfeiture of all the fame cloths, or the value thereof, to be had of the owner of the fame. And if any woolen cloths to be carried over the fea, be packed in any other manner, or under any o-therform, That then the collectors of the port where they befo packed or brought to be packed, (hall feife and there unpack all the faid packs and fardels, and furvey all the cloths therein, lb that our fovereign lord the King may be truly anfwered of his duty in this behalf, without any fraud or deceit. And if any cuftomcr or comptroller of any port or place be negligent or (lack in unpacking of the faid cloths, or furveying of them in the form aforelaid. That then and as often every fuch cuftomcr and comptroller for every fuch default (hall forfeit to our fovereign lord the King twenty (hillings for every fuch cloth. Moreover it is ordained by the advice and afient aforefaid. That every of the faid collectors receiving any cuftom or fubfidy for any of the faid cloths or furety for the fame, (hall be thereof charged and chargeable to our fovereign lord the King upon his or their ac-compt. And that the fame collector or collectors (hall from time to time make a cocket or cockets of all fuch cloths,direCtcd to the collectors of the port where the fame cloths (hall be (hip-ed, vyitndTing their number, and that he or they have received the cuftoms and fubfidies of the fame cloths, or furety for the fame. By which cocket or cockets the faid collectors or the receivers of them, (hall be thereof difeharged againft our fovereign lord the King, and all other of all the fame cuftoms and fubfidies. Provided always, That this, aCt or ordinance be not prejudicial nor in any wife hurtful to any perfon orperfons in or for any lett^rs-patents made by the King our fovereign lord of ^ c 6 any grant, of licence to lhip and carry out of this realm of Eng-c.6. Ian#any woolen cloths or other merchandifes fpccified in any of . c. 14. the faid letters-patents, to retain the cuftoms and fubfidies in their own hands, or in the hands of any of them. And that the fame letters-patents be to the fame perfon or perfons and

every

4*3

*47*•] Anno duodecimo Edwardi IV*

every of them good and effe&ual after the tenor of the fame letters-patents and every of them, this aft or ordinance not-withftanding, by whatfoever name or names any of the faid per-fon or perfons be named or called in any of the faid letters-patents.

CAP. IV.

For liveries to be given by the prince.

ITEM, our faid fovereign lord the King confidering, that Edwardprince princes the first begotten fons to Kings of England, have been of Wales may at their liberties to give their livery and figns at their pleafure, Sivc and that divers ftatutes againft givers and takers of liveries and vereand fign, figns, as well in the time of his noble reign, as in the time of and retain, f his progenitors and predeceflors have been made: and that notwithftand-hy force of any of the faid ftatutes bis dear beloved first begot-	f°r-

ten fon Edward prince of Walts, duke of Cornwall, and earl of ^ atutC| Ckejler, is as well as any other perfon reftrained of giving fuch liveries and figns: our fovereign lord the King, willing that his fiaid first begotten fon the prince be at his liberty, in receiving any perfon and giving his figns and liveries, in as large form as any prince first begotten fon of any of his noble progenitors or i predeceflors in times paft hath been, hath ordained and efta-blifhed, by authority of the faid parliament. That the faid prince (hail be at his liberty, to retain and give his honourable livery and fign at his pleafure. And that the perfons fo retained, or to whom fuch liveries or figns be or (hall be given, may be retained and receive and wear the fame livery and fign, without trouble, impediment or impeachment, pain, contempt or forfeiture of any penalty contained in any of the faid ftatutes: the faid ftatutes or any tning in them comprifednotwithftanding.

Nor that the faid ftatutes in any manner (hall extend to any retaining to be made by the laid prince in giving taking or retaining of any livery or fign of the fame prince.

CAP. V.

For flipping of wools.

ITEM, our faid fovereign lord the King remembering that During fire where before this time in divers ftatutes amongft other years tne things it is ordained and enafted. That all manner wools and woolfels, and fels called morling and (horling, growing within counties only any part of this realm and Wales, wools and woolfels morling (hall be car-and (horling growing in any part within the counties of Wejl- ried to New-moreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, in the bHhoprick of Dur- other toCa-bam, betwixt the waters of Tine and Tees: and of the counties ia;s> UpQll ’ of Richmondjhire and Norihaldertonfbire except wools to be (hipped pain o( felony, towards the Weft in gallies and carracks, to be (hiped and car- 3 £d. 4* c.«. ried out of the realm, (hall be conveyed to the ftaple of Calais, 4 ^ j 4* c^‘ and to none other place upon pain of forfeiture of the faid wools I+ ’ 4v woblfels and fels called (horling and morling, as in the fame ftatutes doth more fully appear. Neverthelefs, the faid ordinances and ftatutes notwithftanding a great multitude of wools

and

Digitized by

Google

Anno duodecimo EDWARw IV.	[ 1472.

and woolfels called morling and (horling, growing iri Yorkjwoll, in the counties of Lincoln Nottingham and Derby, and otbef counties of this realm of England, under the colour of the exception before recited, in the fame North parts be carried out of the realm into Flanders, Holland Zealand, Brabant, and other parts beyond the fea, whereby enfueth not only great decay of the cuftoms and fubfidies of our fovereign lord die King, but alfo the definition of the price of wools woolfels andfels called morling and (horling, growing within this realm, to the uni-verfal damage and impoveriftiine of the fame: whereupon by the advice aflent and authority aforefaid, it is enaded ordained and ftablifhed, That all the wools woolfels and fels called morling and (horling, growing within this realm, other than before excepted, to be (hipped and conveyed out of this realm, (hail be conveyed to the ftaple of Calais and to none other place. And that all other wools woolfels and fels called morling and fhor-ling, growing and being within the faid counties of fVeftmoreiad, Cumberland, Northumberland, the bifhoprick, Richmond and Alder-ton, to be carried out of this realm of England, (hall be (hipped at NewcaJUe upon Tine only: and from thence to be conveyed to Calais, or to new Middkborough in Flanders, there to be ftapJed and uttered, and at none other place. And if any man attempt and do the contrary, and thereupon be duly convid, That then he (hall (land and be of like condition as a man attainted of felony, after the courfe of the Common law, and (hall incur like pain and forfeiture as he fo attainted for the fame (hould do. Alfo it is ordained by the fame aflent and authority. That all wools and woolfels, and fels called morling and (horling, growing or being in any country of this realm or IVales, or in the marches of the fame, other than before excepted, to be carried out of this realm, (hallbc conveyed to the faid ftaple of Cakis, and to none other place, upon the fame pain and forfeiture: The prerogative of our fovereign lord the King to grant any licence to the contranr except: this ad to begin and take effedat thefeaft of Saint Michael, which (hall be in the year of our lord God M, CCCC, LXXIV. And to endure by the fpace of five years only.

CAP. VI.

For /ewers.

The lord	TTEM, whereas in the parliament of Henry the Sixth, late in

chancellor of JL deed and not of right king of England, holden at IVe/hm*-f ngif”d may fter the fixth year of his reign, the great damage and Ioffes con-yearsnext leered, which have chanced by the great rifing of waters in digrant feveral vers parts of this realm, ana more greater damage had likely tom millions come, if remedy in this behalf had not been the more fpeedily of fewers provided, it was ordained and enaded by authority of the lame rcqtdreth. parliament,That for ten years then next following feveral com-$ H. 6. c. 5. millions of fewers (hould be made to divers perfons by the chan-8H.6. c.3. cellor of England for the time being, to be named in all parti is H. 6. c.xo. of the fame realm, where need (hould be after the form and te-

6

Digitized by

Google



j472J AnftodnodcdmaEbwAR0i IV.	415

ndr of acommiffion efpecMied in the fine aft. And after in the *3H- 6- c-9-parliament of the femte //relate King holden at TVeJlmtnfterm ♦ W« 7* the eighth year of his reign,becaufe that the commiffioners named in the feid commiffions, had not full power nor authority to do, perform and execute things cotnprifed in the feid commiffions, it was ordained, enacted and eftabhfhed by authority of the fame parliament. That all fuch commiffioners (hould have full power tp make, ordain and execute ftatutes and ordinances and other things to be done a&er the effect and purport of the feid commiffions. And after the feid . yeirs paffed, in the parliament of the feid late king Henry* holden at Wejlminfler in the xviij. year of his reign, it was ordained enafted and eftablifhed, by authority of the feme parliament. That for x. years then next following feveral commiffioners of fewers (hould be made to divers perlons by the chancellor of England for the time being, to be named in all parts of the feid realm of England, where need (hould be, after the form and effect of the faia commiffion, contained in the feid a<5t made the feid vj. year. And that fuch com-miffioners (hould have power to make, ordain and execute ftatutes and ordinances, and bther things to be done after the effect and purport of the feid commiffions. And after the feid x. years paft in the parliament of the feid late king, as afore is feid, holden at Wejlminfter the xxiij. year of his reign, it was ordained, enacted and ftablifhed by authority of the fame parliament,

That for xV. years then next following the chancellor of England for the time being, fhould have power to make out of the chancery commiffions offerers under the great feal, in fuch form as was granted to be made by the feid aft made in the feid fixth . year as in the feid afts more fully is contained, by which com-miffions in the form aforefeid, many great mifehiefs done and had in divers parts of the feid realm of England by rifing of the faid waters were neceflarily redrefled, reformed and amended.

Now fo it is, that now of late in divers parts of this realm of England, as well in the counties of Kent and Sujfex, as in other places within the fame realm of England, ana alfo within the bounds of the marches of Calais Guynes and Hammes, by rifing of water, divers lands and tenements in great quantity be drowned and deftroyed. And many great mifehiefs be very likely within (hort time to fall, as well in thedecreafe ofthefuf-tenance and livelyhood of holy church, as of other the King’s liege people of his feid realm of England, and of the faid marches, and utter undoing of them, if remedy in this behalf be not the more fpeedily provided. Our feid fovereign lord the King, confidering the premiffes, by the advice and afient of the faid lords fpiritual ana temporal, and at the requeft of the feid commons, and by authority of the feid parliament/ hath ordained enafted and eftablifhed, That for xv. years next enfuing feveral commiffions of fewers (hall be made to divers perfons by the chancellor of England for thetime being, to be named in all parts of this realm of England and of the aforefeid marches, where peed is or (hall be, after the form and effeft of the feid commiffion

Digitized by

Google

4i 6

Statutes that have been made for the pulling down or reforming of wears ana of the com-miflionenB authority.

9H. j. flat. 1. c.*j.

Anno duodecimo Edwardi IV# [1471.

fion contained in the faid a£t made the faid fixth year. Ani moreover he hath ordained and ftablilhed by the lame authority That all fuch commiflioners have full power to make, ordain aac execute ftatutes and ordinances and other things to be done aster the effed and purport of the fame commiflions.

CAP. VII.

An aft for the taking away of wears and fifhgartbes.

1H. 4. c.ii. 25 Ed.3.liat.4 C4.

ITEM, Whereas by the laudableftatute of Magna Char-ta, among]} other things it is contained^ That all kedels by Thamife and Medway, and throughout the realm of England, Jhouid be taken away, faying by the fa-banks, (2) which Jiatute was made for the great wealth of all this land, in avoiding the Jlraitnefs of all rivers, fo that Jhips and boats might have in them their large and free pajfagey and alfo in fafeguard of all the fry offijh fpawned within the fame;

(3) upon which Magna Charta, the great fentence and apofiolick curfe, by a great number of bijb-ops was pronounced again]} the breakers of the fame, and the fame faience is four times in the year openly declared, according to the law of the holy church ; (4.) and . in affirmance of the faid Jiatute of the Great Charter, divers da-tuies have been after made ana ordained^ amongf which, in a parliament holdcn in the fit ft year of theu/iirpedreign of king Henry the Fourth, it was recited, That in the twenty fifth year of King Edward the I bird, progenitor of our lord the King that now is, becaufe that the common pajfages of f ips and boats in the great rivers of England, were oftentimes difur bed by levying of wearsy mills, millfianks, JlalcSy and ke-d'els, to the great damage of the tropic, (5) it was ordained and ejlablijhea \ That all fuch wears, mills y millfianks y Jlakes, and ke-(iels? wkiefi were levied and ft ellak.es

yp

ITEM come per le lauckb?

eftatuit deMagnaCarta asr. autres chofes eft ordeigne^j toutz kidelx per XhameH Medewey & per tout le roia!rt| Dengleterre lerroient ouftieii noun per les cooftez del mar Quele eftatuit fuift fait graund bien de tout ceft ter; en ouftant lez ftreitures toutz rivers, enfi qe lez niets bateulx avraient en yceux kc fraunk & large pafiage, & au en falvation de tout frye peflon procreez en lez. mefms. Sur quele Magna Carta graur fentence & apoftolike dexcoat-nlengement per graund noum-bre dez evefquez encountrcte fradours dicelle eftoit prone--cie, & mefme la fentence qua-tre foitz en lan appertement «f declarez, a la ley feinte efg& accordaunt. Et en affirms^ du dit eftatuit de Magna Cam diverfez eftatuitz depuis or efte faitz & ordeignez, enrr: queux en un parlement tan lan primer del ufurpe reigned Roy Henri le iiijte. eftoit rcc te, qe en lan xxv«. du Rf Edward le tierce, proge elites noftre dit feignur le Royqo reft, pur ceo qe lez commima paflagez dez niefs & bateuxe lezgraundes rivers Dengleter: furent fi fovent fpitz diftourbe. par lever dez gorcez mqlyi* eftankes, eftakes & kideux, e g ra unde damage du people; &*• cordes fait & eftablics, qetoin tielx gorces, molyns, eftankes. & kideux, queux ty cc

Digitized by v^ooQle

**7

1472.] Anno duodecimo Edwardi IV.

‘ rent levez & mifez en temps le up in the time of King Edward,

Roy E. fitz le Roy Henry, & fonof King Henry, and after, in depuis, en tielx rivers, perque- fuch riven (whereby thejbipsand ux lez niefs & bateux furent boats wer: dijlurbedthat they could diftourbez, qils ne puiflent paf- not pafs as they were wont) should fer come ils foloient, ferroient be taken away, and broken down,

: ouftez .& nettemept abatuz never to be Jet up again \ (6) and faunz eftrerelevez; & qe briefs that Writs should be thereupon ferroient fur ceo maundez as. fent to the Jheriff of fuch places vifeountz dez lieux, ou meftier where need should be, to fur-ferroit, dc furveier h enquerer, vey and enquire, and the fame to & de faire ent execution: et execute \ (7) and that ju/lices auxi qe juftices ferroient fur should be thereto ajftgnei at all ceo affignez, as toutz lesfoitz times when need requireth. (8) 45 Ed. 3* qil bufoigneroit: et apres ceo And after grievous complaint, fur grevous compleint dez both of great men, and of the graundez^c dez communes fait commons thereupon made in the en le parlement du dit Roy E. parliament of the faid King Ed-le tierce, lan de fon reigne xlve. ward the Thirds in the five and compleignauntz per iour peti- fortieth year of his reign, Jhewing tion, qe le dit eftatuit neftoit by their petition, that the faid Jki~ pas duement executez, ne gar- tutewas not duly executed nor ob+ des, folonqe leffeft dicelle, ae- ferved according to the form and cordez fuift & eftabliez, qe le ejfett thereof ; it was accorded and dit eftatuit en cell point ferroit ejlablijbsd, That the fame ftatute tenuz & gardez, folonque lef- in that point should be holden and fed dicelle; ajouftant a ycelle, kept according to the tenor of the qe fiafcun tiel anufauncefuiflet fame\ (9) adjoined thereto, that fait, ferroit abatuz per due pro- if any fuch annoyance be done, that cede conteignuz en le dit efta- the fame be broken down by dye tuit; &celluy qe ferroit relever procefs contained in thefaid(latute* le dit anufaunce, & de ceo foit (10) and that he which again duement atteint, encourgeroit doth levy fuch annoyances, and be la peyne de C. marcs, devers thereofduly attainted, Jhall run in noftre feignur le Roy, a levers the pain $ an C. marks to our perles eftreites del efehequer; et lord the King, to be levied by the que mefme la ley ferroit tenuz eftreats of the exchequer: (11) danufaunce fait per le enhaunc- the fame law Jhall be holden of er de lez ditz gorces, molyns, annoyance made by theenhanfing of eftankes, eftakez, & kideux, the faid wears, mills, mihjlanks* come per novel leve; come en flakes, and kedels, as by new le-lez ditz eftatuitz pluis pleine- vying, as in the faidJlatutes more menrt appiert. Et lors a la re- plainly apteareth. (12) And then quefte des ditz communes, at the requejl of the faid commons* monftrantz per lour petition, Jhewing by their petition, that the qe les communes paflages dez common pajjages of flips and boats niefs & bateux en les graundez in the great rivers of England, rivers Dengleterre, Sc auxint and alfo meadows andpaftures, and prees & paftures & terres femez arable lands adjoining to the faid adjoignauntz as ditz rivers, fu- rivers, were greatly dijlurbed* rent graundement diftourbez, drowned, wafted, and defrayed Vol. III.	fur-	Ee	by

Google

Anna duodecimo

by the outragious enhanfmg and flraiting of wears, mils, mill-flanks, flakes, and kedels, made in old time,, and levied before the time of the faid King Edward, fon to the faid King Henry, where-by great lofs and damage often en-fued to the people of the realm, and daily would enfue, if remedy were not provided.

II.	Wherefore it was ordained and enafted by the affent of the faid parliament, holien the firfl year of the faid pretenfed king Henry the Fourth, That the J'aid Rotates in all their articles /hould be obferved, firmly kept, and duly executed\ (2) adjoining thereto, that commijjions Jbould be made in due form to fuffieient perfons to bejuflices in every county of England, where need Jbould be, to furveyand keep the waters and' great rivers there, and to correct and amend the faults, and to make due execution by the faid ftatutes, according to the ejfett of the fame, ($) as well by their furvey , ad-vtce, and diferetion, as by inquefts to be taken thereof within fran-Mfe and without when need Jbalt be, and to hear and determine aU thofe things aforefaid; (4) and moreover to fttrvey the wears, mills, milljlanks, flakes, and kedels made in old time, and levied before the faid time of JEw^Edward, fon to King Henry; and fuch as they find too much enhanfed or firaited, to correct, break down, and amend in the manner , and form aforefaid.

III.	Saving always %reafonable fubftance of the fame wears, mills, mtllftanksjlakes,and kedelsfo made in old time and levied. (2) And if any fuch annoyances ofwears,mills, mtllflanks, fakes, and kedels, in letting of the paffages andflrait-ing, made in old time and levied, be judged or confldend by the faid

juflices

Edwardi IV. [ 147

furroundez, gaftez, & deftrakz per les outrageous enhaunfcr& eftraiture dez gorcez, motyns, eftankes, eftakez, & Itideux, auncienement faitz& levez devaunt le^emps du dit Roy L fitz au Roy Henry, dount graundes damages Sc perdez fi> vent foitz euflent aveignuz aa poeple du rotalme & aviendrenr de jour en autre, fi remedae nc feuflet ent mife.

Accordez eft & eftaUie, dd affent du dit parlement tenor lan primer du dit pretenfc Roj Henry iiijte. qe lez dita efb-tuitz foient en toutz lour ar-ticlez tenuz & fermement gar-dez, & duement executz; ad-jpuftant a ycelfe, oe commif-fions foient faitz en duefounnr as fufficeantz perftmez, deftre jufticez en chefcune counter Dengleterre ou bufoigne fern, de furveier & garder lez eawc & graundez ryvers illeofquez, & Tez defautez corriger & 3-mender, & ent due execution faire, per les ditz eftatuitz fo k>nqe leffetft dicelles; fibien per lour furveu, advys, & dif-cretion* come per les enquefta ent apprendrez, deins fraun-chife & dehors, cv & quart bufoigne ferra, & doier & terminer les chofes fuifditz; & ouftre ceo, de furveier les gor-ces, molyns, eftankes, eftakes & kideux,auricienment faitz & le* vez devaunt le dit temps da RoyE. fitz auRoy Henry,k ceux qils trovent trop enhaun-cez, ou eftraitea, de les corn-ger, abater, & amender, enks maner & fourme defutfditz.

Sauvant toutz foitz refonabJr I fubftaunce de les gortz, me-lyns, eftankez, eftakez, & fc* [ deux fuifditz, iffint aunden-j ment faitz & levez; & fi afeu-ne ticl anufauncc des gores,

Digitized by

<472-] Anno duodecimo Edwardi IV.	419

molyns, eftankez, eftakez, & kideux, en deftourbaunce de les paffagez, & eftraiturez aun-cienment faitz & levez, foient aitiggez on confidercz per les ditz juftices deftre abatuzou a* mendez, ceftuy qi ad frank tenement dicelles ferra ent execution de fes coftagez deins un demy an apres notification a luy ent affaire, fur peyne de forfaiture de C* marcs, a paiers a noftre feignur le Roy per cf-trttes en lefchequer: & cclluy qi les face relever, enhauncer, ou eftreiter, encountre le dit jug em ent, & de Ceo duement convidte, entcourge la peyne de C. marcs a paiers a noftre feig-nur le Roy per eftretes en lefchequer fuifdit 1 come en defines les eftatuitz pluis pleyne-ment appiert: encountre que-le M&gna Carta & toutz les eftatuitz avauntdkz, Cn diver-fez partiez de ceft roialmc Dengleterre, en deftru<ftion de peflon come avauntdit, & en deftourbaunce de le9 paflages de les niefs, bargez, bateux, & autres veffeaulx diverfez & plufours gortz, fifhgarthez, molyns, milledammcs, eftankes de molyns, lokkes, Kebbyng-treres, eftakes, kideux, hekkes, flodegatez, fc diverfez autre9 diftourbauncez, de jour en autre fount faitz, levez, enhaun-cez, & enlarges* a graund damage noftre feignur le Roy & de fes foialx liegez : noftre dit feignur le Roy, les premiffez gracioufmcnt confideraunt, del advys & affent des ditz feig-nurs efpirituelx & temporelx & a la requefte des ditz communes en ceft parlement aflem-blez, & per aultorite fuifdit, ad ordeigne & eftablie, qe le dit eftatuit de Magna Carta & toutz autres eftatuitz les pre-jxuftes

juftices to he broken down or a-mended, he that hath thefreehold of the fame Jballdo execution there-of at his own cojls, within half a year after knowledge given to him, upon pain offorfeiture of an hundred marks, to be paid to our lord the King by eftreats in the exchequer •, (3) and he that doth levy them again, enhanfe, or' Jlrait them contrary to the faid judgment y and thereof be duly convift, /hall tun in pain of an hundred marksy to be paid to our lord the King by eflreats in the exchequer aferefaid* as in the fame ftatutes more fully appeareth. (4.) Contrary to which Great Charter, and all the Jla-tutes aforefaid, in divers parts of this realm of England, both in the defraying of the fijh, as afore is faid, and in difturbance of thi pajfages of /hips, barge:, boats, and other ve/Jels, by divers and many people divers ftjhgarths, mills, milldams, millftanks, locks, ebbing wears, fakes, kedels, hecks, or floodgates, and divers other diftur-bances, be daily enhanfed, levied, and enlarged, to the great damage of our lord the King, and of his faithful lieges,: (5) our faid lord A confirm*-the King gracioufly confidering non of all fta-the premiffes, by the advice tutes made for and affent of the lords fpiritual dow^of1* and temporal, and at the requeft wears, of the faid commons, in this xoCo. 13S. parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, hath ordained and eftablifhed, That the faid ftatute of the Great Charter, and all other ftatute* concerning the premiffes, (hall be duly obferved and kept;

(6) adjoining thereto, That if after the feaft of St. Michaely which (hall be in the year of our lord God *1475, hy award, rule, or judgment of any of the faidcommimoners affigned, according to the faid ftatute made £ c 2	in

^Digitized by

Google

in the faid first year of King Henry the Fourth, it be found that any fuch wears, filhgarths, mills, milldams, millftanks, locks, ebbing weirs, (lakes, kedels, hecks, or floodgates, be made, levied, enhanfed, ftrait-ed, or enlarged, againft the feme ftatute, the offenders in this behalf contrary to the fore-

that doth not perform the award of

commiflioners of fuch county or counties r*}?nzcd where fuch wears, filhgarths, i	*n>Wsfm*Hdams, millftanks, and

other noyances, difturbances or impediments be, and within three months next after the laid gamilhment made, they do not duly and wholly amend, break down, and avoid the faid making, levying, enhaniing, ftraiting, or enlarging, being defective, as afore is faid in the faid ftatute made in the faid first year, that then he or they, being defc&ive in this behalf, (hall forfeit to our lord the King an hundred marks, to be paid by eftreats in the exchequer in manner and form as in the fame ftatute more fully is contained. The penalty IV. Moreover, if the faid of-of him which fender, or his heir or heirs, af-dothcontinue flgnee or allignees, or any of them, do defer or continue the to reform it!^ &mc default, contrary to the award, rule, or judgment of the commiflioners aforefaid,that he or they (o doing, deferring, or continuing the faid default, (hall forfeit for every month after the faid three months ended, that the fame default (hall remain, and be not corre<5led, amended, nor reformed, an C* marks, (2) the one half thereof to our lord the King, and the other half to any of his

utiu awai u, iuic, anu juug-

ment, being duly warned by the lhcriffor (heriffs, by Scire facias dire&ed to the (herin or (heriffs.

The penalty of an offender

miffes concern an tz foient due-ment obfervez & gardez; ad-jouftant a ycelle qe (i apres la fefte de Seint Michell, qe fer-ra en lan noftre feignur Diey M. CCCClxxv. per agarde rule ou jugement dafeuns de les ditz commiflioners, accondaunt al avauntdit eftatuit le dit an primer du dit Roy Henry le quart fait aflignez, ll (bit tro-vee, qe afeuns tielx gorces, fyihgarthes, molyns, milfe-dammes, eftankes de molyns, lokkes, hebbyngweres, eftakes, kydeux, hekkes, ou flodeyates, fount faitz, levez, enhauncez, eftreitz, ou enlarges, encoun-tre mefme leftatuit, les offen-dours en celle partie, contrarie a lavauntdit agarde rule k jugement, duement per Scire facias a levifcountou vifeountz dautiel countee ou countees, ou tielx gorces, fUhgarthez, molyns, milledammez, &au-tres anufaunces, ou empedi-mentz, ou deftourbaunces a-vaunt reherfes, ferrount trovez faitz, euez enhaunces, eftreites, & enlarges, dire<$, foient duement gamife per le dit vifeount ou fouthvifcount, & dedeins trois mois profeheins apres le dit gamifement fait a fes pro-pres collages & charges duement & pleynement namen-dent pas, ou ouftent, avoident, la dit failure, lever,' enhaunfer, effraiture, ou enlargement, de-fe<5tif come avaunt eft dit en le dit eftatuit en lan primer fuifdit efpccifie; qe lors celluy ou ce-ux en celle partie defe&if for-face ou forfacent a noftre feignur le Roy pur chefcune default C. marcs, per tranfeript ent a deliverer en le dit efehe-quer, en le maner & fburme Come en mefme leftatuit pluis pleynement eft conteignuz.

Et

pigitized by Google

i47**J Anno duodecimo Edwardi IV.

421

Et outlier fi le ditoffendour, ou font heirou heirs, afligne ou aflignez, ou afcun de eux, face oufacent, differrer ou continuer mefme le default, contra-rie as les agardz rule & juge-ment descommiflioners avaunt-ditz; qe celluy ou ceux enfi faifant, differant, ou continuant, le dit default, forface ou forfocent, pur chefcun mois apres les dites trois mois pafles,' qe mefme la defaute eftoit et demure nient corredte ou nient amende ou nient refourme, C. marcs, lune moite ent a noftre foveraigne.leignur le Roy, & lautrc moite ent a afcune de fes liegez, qi en celle partie purfuier voiet, per adlion de dette ent a conceiver per briefe original, faunz afcune fine ent faire ou apprender, en la court de la (chauncerie.

En quele alfion autiel pro-cefle, rule, jugement, & execution foient allowes, cwez, & faitz, come en autres actions de xlette purfuez a la commune ley per briefe eft ufez 5 & qe af-cun defendaunt en afcune tiel action ne foit admife de gager ou faire fa ley. Ne qe afcune protection ou etToin de fervice noftre foveraigne feignurle Roy pur afcun tiel defendaunt foit* en afcune maner allowe.

Et en ouftre ad ordeigne & eftablie per mefme laudtorite, qe fi afcun perfon on perfonez, autre ou autres qe tiel ou tielx encountre quele ou quelx autiel aeard rule ou jugement eftoit faite & ewe, nient efteant ou efteantz heir ou afligne a ycell ou yceux, prefume oupre-lument doccupier ou continuer afeuns gorcez, fiftigarthez, molyns, milledammes, eftankes de molyns, lokkes, hebbyng-jyerez, eftakes,kideux, hekkez, fiodeyates,

liege people which in this behalf will fue for the fame, (3) by adtion of debt to be conceived by original writ, without fine to be made or taken for the fame in thevchancery.

V.	In which adtion, like pro-cefs, rule, judgment, and execution (hall be allowed, had, and made, as is ufed in other adtions of debt purfued at the common law by writ; (2) and that the defendant in any fuch adtion be not admitted to do or wage his law, (3) nor that any protection, or eflbin of the King’s fervice be allowed for the defendant in the fame writ.

VI.	Moreover, it is ordained Thepenalty and eftablifhed by the fame au- of the heir or thority. That if any perfon or perfons, ether than fuch a- co»tinuetli gainft whom fuch award, rule, the fame

or judgment were made and offence^ had, being heir or aflignee to them, or any of them, do prefume to occupy or continue any fuch wears, fifhgarths, mills, milldams, millftanks, locks, ebbing wears, flakes, ke-dels, hecks, floodgates, or o-ther difturbances, or impediments, as afore is faid, he or they fo prefuming to occupy or continue, (hall forfeit at every default, for every month, as is afore faid, an C. marks, (2) the one half to our lord the King, and the other half to him of. the King's liege people that will in this behalf fue, by adtion of debt thereupon to be conceived, without paying any fine for the fame, as is afore faid ; (3) in which adtion like procefs, rule, judgment, and execution (hall be ufed and made, as in all other adtions of debt purfued at the common law by writ is ufed ; (4) and that the defendant in any fuch E e 3	'	adtion

Google

a&ion (hall not be admitted, flodeyates, oq zutres diftur-nor in any wife received to bauncez ou impediments come wage or do his law; (5) devaunt eftdtf; celluy on ceu* nor any manner prote&ion or enfi prefumant ou prefumantz eflbin of the King’s fervice be doccupier ou continuer forfait for fu,ch defendant in any wife ou fonacent achefcun defiralte allowed.	pur cfiefcune mois come eft

dit devaunt C. marcs, le incite a noftre feignur le Roy, & lautre moite a celluy dc les lieges noftre feignur le Roy qi en celle partie purfuer voet jper a&m de dette fur ceo deftre conceu, feunz fyn pur ceo pedant cone devaunt eft dit 5 en queleadtion autiel procefle, rule, jugemant, et execution foient ufez & faitz, come en touts autres actions de jdette purfqez a la commune ley per briefe eft ufez: 6c qe afoia flefendaunt en tiel action ne foit refeeu ne admife en a^nin ma-nere de gager ou faire fa ley ; ne qe afeun autre mancre portec: tion ou efloin de noble fervice de noftre feignur le Rpy pur oL cun tiel defendaunt foit afeunement allowe.

CAP. VIII.

All mayors, bailiffs, &c. JbaU have the fearebing and fur• veying of vUtuat% and letters patents made to fear cbm and Jurveyors of victual Jhall be vojd.

All mayqrs, bailiffs, uc. frail have the fearchingand furveying of yidtual.

4. Ijift. 161.

ITEM, Whereas the governors that is to fay, mayors, bailiffs, and other like governors of every city, borough, and town of fubjlance yuithin this realm of England, for the moft part have Courts ofleets, and views of frankpledge, holdfn yearly within the fame cities, boroughs, and towns, and furveving of all victuallers there, and correction and punijb-pient of the offenders and breakers of the afiize of the fame, to be pre-Jented and amerced if any default be found in the faid courts, or by their furveying, which by reafon ought not to be contraried, nor the victuallers there by the law ought to befur charged or oppreffed; (2) as now of late divers,perfons daily intending their fmgutar avail and profit to oppvefs the faid victuallers, and to enter and break the liberty of diver's places in this realm having franehifes, and furveying of all victuallers, and correction of the fame, have pur-chafed

ITEM qe come lez goygr-nours ceftaffavoir main, baillifs. Sc autres governours femblablez, de chelcune dtee burgh Sc ville de fubftaqnce deinz ceft roialme dEngletene, pur greindre partie ount courts des letez & vieuz de frank plegge annuelment tenu* dans mefmes les citees burghs & vil-les. Sc furyeu des touts vitail-lers illeofquez. Sc corre&iqp & punition de les enfra&ours & raeffaifours de laflife des mef-mes, a prefenters Sc amerciers, ft afeun default foit trovee en les courtz, ou per lour furveu*, quele per reafon ne doit eftre contrariez, ne les vitaillerg illeofquez per la ley ne doient mye eftre furcharges ou op-prefles, come ore tarde joumel-ment <)iverfes perfones enten-dantz pur lour (inguler availk & profit dopprefler les ditz vi-taillers, denterrumper diverfo lieus deins ceft roialme dEng-letenr

*

Digitized by Google

Anno duodecimo Edwardi IV.

4*3

leterre eiauntz fiaunchifes & iurveu dcs toutz vitaillers & corre&ion diceux, .aunt pur-chaces lettres patentz noftre Jit foveraigne (eignur le Roy, deftre furveiours & corre&ours dautielx vitaillers deinfc diver* fes citees burghs & autres lieux de ceft roialme dEngleterre come de fervoife, bere, vine, ic dautielx autres vitailles, per

3uell pretenfe & defloial office 8 fount plufours & diverfes -extortions U oppreffions entre le Jiege poeple noftre feignur le Roy, preignauntz de ceux dif-loialment diverfes graundes fines & raunfons, a graund damage de mefme le poeple nof-tnc feignur le Roy, & auxi graund derogation de les liber-tees & fraunchifes de les diverfes de les avauntditz citees burghs & villez: noftre feignur le Roy, les premifiez con-fiderant, per ladvys et affent des feignurs efpirituelxAt tem-porclx & a la requefte des communes en le dit parfement af-femblez, & per au&orite de jxiefme le parlement, ad or-deigne & eftablie, qe toutz les lettres patentz grauntez per luy a afeune perfone ou perfo-nez dafeun office du ferch-caunce ou furveiance de vine, fervoife, bere ou afeun autre vitaille, foient toutouftrement voidez & de null effeeft: Et qe pull perfon, autre qe tielx go-vemours avaunt reherfez, ou autres entitlez per point de chartre, a la feftede Pafqe prof-chein venaunt, per colour dautielx lettres patentz enfi pur-fuez, ou en apres a purluers come devaunt eft dit, yfe ou exercife afeune tiel office fur payne de forfaiture a chefcune default xl. li. lune moite ept a noftre feignur le Roy, ?1 oeps

de

chafed letter's patents of our five-retgn lord the King, to befurvey-ors and correctors of all Juch victuallers within divers cities, bo~ roughs, and other places of this realm of England, as of alcy beer, wine, and other fiuh victuals, by which pretence and unlawful office they do commit divers and many extortions and oppreffions among/t the King's liege people, taking of them unlawfully divers great fines and ranfomSj, to the great damage of the king's liege people, and alfo wrongful derogation of the liber-ties andfranchifes of divers of the faid cities, boroughs, and towns:

(3)	our faid lord the King (the All letters pa-

premifles confiderine) by the tents granted advice and aftent of the lords *0™y P^!fonf fpiritual and temporal, and at oTfu^yinf the requeft of the faid conv of victuals, mons, in the faid parliament (hall be void j aftembled, and by authority of an5* on,ythc tite fame Parliament, hath or-	cities,

dained and eftabliihed, That towns, See. all letters patents, granted byfhallbeap-him to any perfon or perfons pointed to

of any office of fearching or *JJe furveying of wine, ale, beer, fame, or any other visual, (hall be 23 Ed. 3. c. 6. utterly void and of none effeft. >3 R.**ftat. u

(4)	And that no perfon, other g c than fuch governors before re- 15 hearfed, or other intitled by

point of charter, from the feaft of Eajler next coming, by colour of fuch letters patents fo obtained, or after to be obtained, as before is faid, (hall ufe of excercife any fuch office, upon pain of forfeiture for every default xl. li. (5) the one half thereof to our lord the King, to be employed pnly to the ufe of his houfe, the other half to him that in this behalf will fue for the fame by a&ioi} of debt, wherein like prccefs, rule, and proceeding (hall be had, as is commonly ufed in E14	0*her

Digitized by

Google

Anno duodecimo Edwardi IV. £1471.

other a&ions of debt at the de fon hoftiell tantfoulemem common law; (6) and that deftrc appliez, lautre moitc enx the defendant in any fuch ac- a celluy qen celle parte pur ceo tion (hall not be received nor fuer voet per action de dctte, admitted to his law; (7) nor en quele fcmblable proeeflc that any protection or effoin of rule & demeane (oient ewez, the King’s fervice be to him in ficome ufuelment fount ufez any wife allowed.	en autres adions de dette a h

commune ley; et qc le dcfen-daunt en afcune autiel adion ne foit refceuz ne admife a b Icy, ne qe afcune protection ou effoin de fervice noftre trcflo-veraigoe feignur le Roy en afcune manere foit allowez.

CAP. IX.

What lands an efcheator mufi have : whom be may make bis deputy : be Jhall not let bis office to ferm.

B* edit. Puli. TTEM, Whereas by an ordinance made at JVeJlminjler the 41 Ed. 3. c. 5. xlij veajr of the reign of King Edward the Third, progenitor of out ford the King that now is, amongft other things it was ordained, That none (hould be made efcheator, unlefs he had xx li. of land at the lead, or more in fee, (2) and that they fhould do their offices in their proper perfons, and if. any other be, he (hall be out: (3) which ordinance according to the true meaning thereof is not obferved, to the great damage of divers people of this realm of England, becaufe that many perfons insufficient and of evil confidence, be yeatly made efeheators in divers parts of this realm of England, which often do fet their office of efcheatorlhip to ferm to other great men extortioners and op-preflors of the people, the fame efeheators taking of the hid perfons fuch fum of money as betwixt them may be agreed, and furety to be difeharged upon their atcount, and to be faved ] harmlefs again ft our fovereign lord the King and all other perfons : (4) which perfons fo unlawfully taking the laid office of efcheatorlhip, by an undue manner to ferm, do enforce them-felves to be extortioners and offenders to the people; (5) whereof old time by the government of the realm of England, efeheators and their deputies lhould be, and ought to be good, fuffi-cient, and well difpofed perfons and rightful, as well to our lord the King, as to his people : where at this day few fuch perfons JJo man (hall be made efeheators or their deputies: (6) it .is therefore or-unlcfs tohath Gained by authority of this prefent parliament. That no dchea-xx 1. land or , tor to be made after the feaft of the nativity of our Lord, which rent in the ‘ (hall be in the year of our Lord God, 1473, (hall take upon him Jiune county, the office of efcheator, nor occupy the fame office by himfelf nor by any other, urtleis the faid efcheator or other perfon or perfons to his ufe, have at the time that he (hall be chofen efcheator, lands, I tenements, or rents in fee fimple, fee tail, orfor term of life, of th* No efcheator yearly value of xx. li. lying and being within the fame county (ball let hit' or counties whereof he (hall be made efcheator. (7) Nor that office to ferm, any fuch efchejupr to be chofen after the (aid fcaft (hall in any

wife

Digitized by v^ooQle

1474-1 ‘Anno deeimo quarto Edwariji IV.	425

wife fcH nor let to fcrm the laid office of efcheatoFfhip, nor or make any make aay deputy^ or deputies, but fuch for whom he will anfwer ^^^^he at his peril; (8) the name or names of the faid deputy or de-» wii^aniwer. puties to be certified by the fame efcheator by his letters patents to the treafurer, and barons of the King’s exchequer for the time being;, within twenty days after fuch deputation. (9)

And that no fuch deputy or deputies take upon him or them to occupy in the office of efcheatorfhip, unlefs fuch efcheator have lands, tenements or rents, to theaforefaid yearly value, in manner and form as is aforefaid : (10) and if any perfon or perfons after the faid feaft do contrary to the premifles or any of them, he (hall forfeit for every default xl li. (n) the one half thereof to ourfovereign lord the King, to be employed to the ufe of his honourable houfe : the other half to every of the King’s liege people, which wiH therefore fue by action of debt, (12) wherein like procefs, rule, judgment, coils and damage, (hall be had and awarded, as is ufed in other actions of debt ufually pur-fued by writ at the common law; (1 y) and that no waging of law, protection, nor effoin be in any wife allowed in the fame to the defendant: (14) and the juftices of peace in every place juffices of corporate, and the juftices of peace in every other place having peace may juftices of peace within them, (hall have power to hear and de- ,nql-!£^ termine every fuch forfeiture upon prefentment thereof had be- offences afore-fore them in their feflions; (15) in which prefentment, like faid. procefs (hall be had, as is ufed upon indictments of trefpafs done with force and arms againft the King’s peace. (16) Pro- Saving the vided always. That this aCt do not extend to any perfon or per- r,g{^°^clLicf fons made or to be made efcheator of any city, borough, or^rc hayrng5* town of this realm of England, having authority to make or to authority to ■be efeheators within thcmfelves by the letters patents of the make dchea. grant of our fovereign lord the Kipg, or any of his noble pro- tors* genitors or predecenors.

Statutes made at Weftminfler, 14 Edw. IV. and Anno Dom. 1474.

NOSTRE feignur le Roy Edward le quart, a fon parlement fornmones & commences a Wcftn&’ le vje. jour dOCtobr’ lan de fon reigne xijme et per diverfes prorogations a le xxiij. jour de Jay-nuer lan de fon reigne xiiij. continues, per ladvys & aflent des feignurs efpiritu^lx & teih-porelx & les communes en le dit parlement le dit xxiij. jour afTemblez, <5c par auCtorite de :	mefine

OU R lord the King, Edward the Fourth, at his parliament Jummoned and begun at Weftminfter the fixth day of October, in the twelfth year of his reign, and continued by prorogation till the three and twentieth of January in the fourteenth year of his reign, by the advice and ajfertt of the lords Jpiritual and temporal, and by the commons^ in the faid parliament the faid twenty third day ajfembledy

Digitized by Cj oode

Ex. edit. Raft. They who holding their lands of the King (hall pafs with him m his fervice into France, (hall have licence to pafs their lands without fine, and to make a feoffment to the ufe of their wills, though it be done by cbllufion; and if he that is the King's tenant die in this fervice, his heir within age, his feoffees* and executors (hall have ward (hip of the lands and body of the heir.

Anno decimo quarto Edwardi IV. [1474

by authority of the fame parlia- mcfme le parlement, voet k ment willetb and grantetby and by graunte, & per ladvys de md* the advice of the fame bath or- me ad ordeigne & enable.

dained and enafle<{.

CAP. I.

For the King’s tenants going in bis wars.

TH AT all fuch perfons, and every of them, which by the grace of God (hall pafs over the fea with our faid fovt-reign lord the King in his voyage royal and noble fervice, and (hall abide in his noble fervice, by their attomiet or deputies or any of them, or by the attorney or deputy of any of them, (hall enter and take, and may enter and take pofieflton and profit of and in all honours, caftles, manors, lands, tenements, rent*, advowfons, hereditaments, and pofleflions, which be to them defeended, or to any of them hereafter (hall defeend, remain, revert, or by any mean (hall come after the death of any oi their anccftort, or any perfon or perfons in any other form by the courfe of the law of the land, during the faid voyage, if any parcel be holden of our fovereign lord the King by their laid entry, pofleilions, taking of the ifliies and profits of the fame, without fee or fine to be paid to our fovereign lord the King for the fame. And if any office be thereof found hereafter* then they and every of them to have efpecial liveries and livery under the great fea) of our fovereign lord the King, without fee or fine to be paid for the fame to our fovereign lord the King, to enter and take pofleflion in and of the honours, cattles, and all other the premifles, every perfon according to his right and title: and the fame to have and enjoy with the ifliies and profits of tbs fame of their title grown to them and every of them, without any other livery petition or putfuit of the law to be made in this behalf to our fovereign lord the King. And that during the fame time of the voyage, and they abiding in the King’s nobk fervice, as afore is faid, no manner procefs to be made m any of the counties of our fovereign lord the King againft any of the faid perfons, for any homage, fealty or other corporal fervice, which may not be done but in their proper perfons, for any ho* nours, caftles, feigniorics, manors, lands, tenements and other hereditaments and pofleflions, which they or any perfon or per* fons to their ufe have or hereafter (hall have during the fek voyage, and being in the King’s noble fervice as afore is faid But that all fuch procefs (hall ceafe during the faid voyage and fervice. And they and every of them to patting in the faki voyage royal, as afore is faid, and the feoffees to the ufe of every of them may have licence under the King’s great feal, without fee or fine to be paid for alienations feoffments and grants of th# honours, caftles, manors, lands, tenements, rents, lervices, annuities, and other hereditaments and ppfleffions with their apt purtenances, to fuch perfons whom them (hall pleafe : and the faiVie perfons to receive the fame honours, caftles and other th# premifles, of what manner eftats them (hall pleafe, tp the intent

1474*] Anno dedmo quarto Edwardi IV".	417

th*t they may thereof make their will for payment of their char-' ges and other things. And if it happen any of the faid peribns, which fo (hall pafs and abide in the faid voyage and fervice of our faid fovereign lord the King as afore is faid, to die during the faid time and in the faid fervice, his heir being within age, that then all manner perfons, having any manner eftate by way of feoffment (or otherwife to theufe of the fame perfon or perfons fo dying, in any honours, cattles and other the premiffes with their appurtenances, to. the ufe and performance of the will of the faid perfon, which doth fo deceafe, (hall have the fame without apy interruption of our fovereign lord the King, or any of . his officers or minifters, by reafon of any office thereof to be found, although the faid feoffments eftate or alienation were made or had by collufion or otherwife intituling our fovereign lord the King: except fuch manors, lands and tenements, which any perfon or perfons, palling or going with the King in this iroyage royal as afore is faid, or by the grant or gift of our redoubted fovereign lord the King in any manner: and that they and every of them having and obtaining the fame manors, lands and tenements, may by the authority aforefaid make eftate of the fame faid manors, lands or tenements in any manner parrel of the fame manors, lands and tenements to other perfoni n fee or otherwife to their own ufe, in performing of their wills, is before is feid. And tbe fame eftate or eftates fo to be made, o be good and effectual, as long as the faid grants and gift there->f made or to be made by our faid fovereign lord the King to hem or any of them (hall (land and be in their force and efreeft	,

ind not determined, nor revertible to our faid fovereign lord the King or his noble heirs. And moreover our faid fovereign ord the King hath ordained ftabliflied and enabled, by the iflent of his lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons be-ng in the lame parliament. That it it happen any of the afore-aid perfons, fo parting and abiding with our faid fovereign lord he King in his faid fervice and voyage royal as afore is faid, to lie, his heir being within age now or hereafter holding or ob-aining any lands or tenements of our fovereign lord the King >y knights fervice: his faid feoffees and alfo his executors, (hall lave and enjoy the ward and marriage, with the ward of the atne manors, lands, and tenements fo holden, during the non-tge of the fame heir, to the ufe of the lame perfon fo dying: and vith the fame to perform all his will. And moreover the fame »ur fovereign lord the King (hall grant by his letters patents the vard and marriage of the fame heir, and of all his manors, lands nd tenements, which the King ought to have by reafon of the ame, to the fame feoffees or executors of the fame perfon or per-ons fo dying, or to fuch of them, which for the fame will fue, o the ufe of the fame perfon or perfons fo dying as afore is aid, without fee or fine to the King for the lame to be paid.

>aved always to every perfon or perfons, and to their heirs and uccefibrs, other than our fovereign lord the King and his heirs nd executors, 311 thpir right, title, prerogative and intereft

which

Digitized by Google

Anno decimo quarto Edwardi IV. [14^

which they have or may have in any of the premifles, as if this aforefaid act had never b6en made, except corporal fervice, 21 afore is faid, which corporal fervice may not be done but a their proper perfons as afore is faid : arid if any doubt or quef tion rife or happen in any manner in the interpretations or <m ftructions of the points or articles aforefaid, or any of them, tkj the fame our fovereign lord the King will and granted! by thi fame authority aforefaid. That the lords fpiritual and tempori and other of his council, being here in his abfence, (hall havi full power and authority to difeufs and fet in this cafe a due re medy and redrefs by their good diferetion and advice, according to the faithful intent of the fame articles and points concemiffl the faid perfons fo dying in the faid fervice and voyage royal d our fovereign lord the King beyond the fea. Provided alwars That this faid ad or ordinance, or any thing comprehended a contained in the fame, (hall not be in any manner prejudid nor hurtful to any of the.King’s liege people: but fhaHonly be executory againft our fovereign lord the King and hi$ note heirs.

CAP. II.

An aft touching protections for fucb as go in the King’s wen,

The fame law TTEM, our faid fovereign lord the King remembring that it and the fame X was ordained enabled and ftablifhed, by authority of the protection	parliament holden at Wejlmnjler the fecond day of Afoy, in the

eranted*by	*x* year the rc*6n t“c n<>ble king Henry the V. late in deed

the ftatute of and not of right king of this noble realm of England^ as here* 9 H. 5. c. 3. after followeth. Item, whereas the taking of aiftfes generally to thofe that hath long ceafed throughout this realm of jEngland, becauleoh Nomandy * or ^atute an^ ordinance made by our faid fovereign lord the King, would then at his fecond paflage towards the parts of Normandy, and by ha pafs with K. council: our faid fovereign lord confidering the great dileafe Henry 5. into and damages, which divers of his liege people have had and b^obferved hiftained by the fame ceafing, hath ftraightly commanded and and avail for commandeth, That his juftices (hall hold the affifes through the all fuch as pafs realm of England in the manner ufed and accuftomed. And over the fea for to efehew the diftierifons of the fame perfons, which no* w.tli the King. be pa<red and Hiall p afs in this voyage royal of the King (which God fpeed) and alfo of the perfons which be abiding in the fervice of our fovereign lord the King in the parts of Nonmk and of France, it is ordained and provided. That in every protection, with the claufe of Volumus to be made for eyery or the fame perfons, there fhall be in the claufe of the exception of the fame contained omiffion of thefe words, AJJife nove HJfnjrn, And that all protections be allowable for them, and every of them in all the counties of our fovereign lord the King in am place where fuch protection is caft forth for any fuch perfon, in all the pleas of aflifes, as well of no. dijf. as of fre(h fore*, without any difficulty. Provided always, That the judgments to lx given from henceforth in fuch affiles arraigned or to be arraigned, lhall not be prejudicial to any of the laid perfons (0 abiding

ip

Digitized by

Google

1474O	Anno decimo quarto Edwardi IV.	429

rx the King’s noble fervice beyond the fea, as afore is (aid, which naith any thing in reverfion or in remainder in fuch lands or tenements, whereof fuch aflifes be or (hall be arraigned, if they that have in reverfion or remainder in fuch lands ami tenements be not named in the fame alTifes, but that they be againft them void. And this ordinance (hall indure till the parliament, which (hall be next holden after the next coming again of our fovereign lord the King into this realm of England. And if this ordinance, touching the faid perfons abiding in the King’s fervice beyond the fea, and^alfo touching the faid perfons, which have palled and (hall pafs in the faid voyage, be not fufficient for the eafe and furety of them, it is accorded and afiented. That the lords of the Kind’s council for the time being, (hall have full power by authority "of this prefent parliament, to fet ordain and provide lufficient remedy for the eafe and furety of all the faid perfons and eyery of tliem, as to the faid lords (hall feem available and expedient in the cafe, after their good advice and dif-cretton. Our Sovereign lord the King will and hath ordained, ena&ed and eftablilhcd, by the advice and aflent of the lords	>

ipiritual and temporal, ana the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the fame order and the fame law comprifea in the faid ftatute and ordinance, (hall be now obferved and kept, and (hall be as available for all manner of perfons,»which now (hall pafs over the fea with ourfovereign lord the King in this voyage royal, and there (hall abide in his faid noble fervice, as they were for nich perfons, which did pafs over the fea with the faid late King, and there did abide in his noble fervice. And that all fuch perfons, which now fhall pafs over the fea with our faid fovereign lord the King, fhall have and enjoy in every point all manner advantages, as the faid perfons fo palling over the fea with th#e faid late King had, (hould have and might have had by reafon of the faid ftatute. Provided always. That the faid perfons fo palling over the fea with our faid fovereign lord the King, (hall have no benefit nor advantage of this prefent ad, of any entry made by them or any of them in any manors, lands, tenements and other hereditaments after the first day of this prefent parliament fum-moned and begun at Wejlminfler. This ad and ordinance to endure till the next parliament, which lhall be first holden after the next coming of our fovereign lord the King into England.

Provided alfo, That the faid perfons fo pafling over the fea with our faid fovereign lord the King, have nor enjoy no bener fit nor advantage of or by this prefent ad, of any entry made or had after the firil day of this prefent parliament, or to be made or had at any time hereafter by the faid perfons, their attornles or deputies, or any of them, in any manors, lands, tenements and other hereditaments, or any other manors and pofleflions.

And this ad and ordinance to endure till the parliament, which (hall be first holden after the next coming again of ourfovereign lord the King into his noble realm of England.

CAP,

Digitized by v^ooQle

43®

An alteration of part of the flat, ii Ed. 4. c. 5. touching the tranfport-ing of wools growing in Cumberland, &c. which hereafter (hall be (hipped at Newcafiletand from thence conveyed to Calais, or to any other place at the King's plea-lure.

Anno decimo quarto Etf\frARDf iV. (1474,

CAP. III.

An ail for flipping of wools and fells.

OU R fovereign lord the King, thexxv. day of Pebmary^ bi the xiiij. year of his reign, remembring that in this prifent parliament he had ordained and eftabliihed, by the aflcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and the commons aftembled in the laid parliament, a certain adt in manner and form as followed!. Our fovereign lord the King remembring, that whereas before this time in divers ftatutes amongft other things it is ordained and enadted. That all manner wools and fells called morling and (horling, growing within any part of this feaim of England or IVales^ except wools and woolfels, called morling and (hori-ing growing in the counties of IVeJlmoreland^ Ctemherlnd and Northumberland, and of the growing of the bifhoprid of Durham, betwixt the waters of Tyne and Teefey and of the counties of Richmonijhire and Northaldertonjhire, except wools to be (hipped towards the weft in Gallies or Caracks, to be (hipped and carried out of this realm of England, (hall be conveyed to the ftaple of Calais, and to none other place, upon pain of forfeiture of the (aid wools and woolfels, and fells called morling and (horling, as in the fame ftatutes more plainly doth appear. Neverthelefs, the faid ftatutes and ordinances, notwithftandin* a great multitude of the faid wools and woolfels, and fells called (horling and morling growing in Yorkfwold in the county of Lincoln, Nottingham and Derby, and in other counties of this realm of England, under the colour of exception before rehearfed in the fame north parts, be carried out of this realm of Engktd into Flanders, Holland, Zealand, Brabant, and other divers pats beyond the fea, whereby not only great decay was of the King's cuftoms and fubfidies, but alfo deftroying and diminiftiing of the price of the faid wools, woolfels, and fells called (horling and morling, growing within this realm, to the univerfd damage and great impoverilhment of the fame: our fovereign lord the King, by the advice, aflent and authority aforefatd, hath ordained, ena&ed and eftablifhed, That all wools, woolfels, and fells called (horling and morling, growing within this reahn (other than before excepted) to be (hipped and conveyed out of the realm, (hall be conveyed to the ftaple of Calais, and to none other place. And that all wools, woolfels, and fells called (horling and morling, growing and being within the faid counties of JVeftmorlandy Cumberland, and Northumberland, the bifhoprick, Richmond, and Aldertony to be carried out of this realm, (hall be (hipped at Newcaftle upon Tyne, only, and from thence to be conveyed to Calais y or to Newmiddleburgh in Flanders, there to be ftapled and uttered, and at none other place. And if any man attempt and do contrary, and thereupon be duly convi# : that then he (hall be of like condition, as a man attainted of any felony, after the courfe of the common law, and (hall run in like pain and forfeiture as he that is fo attainted (hould do.

Alio

2

Digitized by

Google

431

1474*1 Anno decimo quarto Edwa^Di IV.

Alfo by the fame advice and anthority it is ordained. That all wools, woolfels, and fells palled (horlmg and morling, growing or being in any county within this realm or in Wales, or in the marches thereof (other than before excepted) to be carried out of this realm, (hall be conveyed to the faid ftaple of Calais, and to none other place, upon the fame pain and forfeiture. The King’s prerogative to grant any licence to the contrary excepted. This ad to begin to take effect at the feaft of Saint Michael, 'which (hall be in the year of our Lord God, 1474, and to endure by the fpace of nve years only, which aft our fovereign lord the King will, ordaineth, and eftablifheth, by the aflent of the lords fpintual and temporal, and the commons of this land in this pnefent parliament aflembled, to be in his full ftrength and effect in every point thereof. Saving only, whereas it is by the fame ftatute ordained, That all.wools, woolfels, and fells called (horlingand morling, growing and being within the faid counties of Wejlmoreknd, Cumberland, Northumberland, the bi(hop-rick, Ricbmondjbire, and Northaldertonjhire, to be carried out of this realm, (hall be (hipped at Newcajlle upon Tyne only, and there to be conveyed to Calais, or to New Middleburgh in Flanders, there to be ftapled and uttered, and at none other place. The faid aft for fo much (hall be void. And that in the dead of thofe words, it lhall be as hereafter followeth. It is ordained by the fame authority, That all wools, woolfels, and fells called (hoiiing and morling, growing and being within the faid counties of Wejbnoreland, Cumberland, Northumberland, the bi-(hoprick of Rxchmondjbire, and Northaldertonjhire, to be carried out of this realm, (hall be (hipped at Newcajlle upon Tyne only, and from thence to be carried to Calais, or to the town of Berwick in Brabant, or to any other certain place at the King’s pleafure to be named, there to be ftapled and uttered, and at none other place. Alfo it is ordained by the aflent and authority aforefaid. That in cafe where our fovereign lord the King ordaineth, that the faid wools and woolfels, called (horling and morling, of the growing of the counties and bilhoprick aforefaid, to be ftapled in, any other place beyond the fea than at Calais or Berwick aforefaid, that then the place fo to be named by the King, (hall be certified and publiihed by open proclamation in the faid counties of York, Northumberland, Cumber-land, Wcjlmoreland, the bifhoprick of Durham, and the town of Newcajlle. And that every of the fubjefts of our fovereign lord the King, after fuch proclamations made, and after three months after the faid proclamation pafled, (hall be bound to have and carry the faid wools and woolfels to the faid places, to be named by our fovereign lord the King, and exprefled in the faid proclamation, upon the pain before limited.

CAP,

Digitized by v^ooQle

/

15 H.6.C.3. 18 H.6 c.8. *0 H.6.C.I. 31 H.6.C.4..

A confirmation of all ftatutes not repealed, made againft the breakers of truces,

leagues, fafe-condu&s and licences.

This confirmation doth not extend to the ftatute of a H.5.flat.1.

C.6.

Anno dccimo quarto Edwar1)I IV. [ 1474. CAP. IV.

A confirmation of ftatutes made againft the breakers of truce,

&c.

ITEM, whereas divers and TTEM pur ceo qe pluioun great offences and attempts JL Sc graundcs offenfes Sc at-have now of late been done and temptates ount ore tarde dte committed againft the amities and commys & perpetres encoun-leagues made betwixt our faid fo- tre les amifties & las lieges vereign lord the King, and ftrange faitz entre noftre dit foveraigne princes, againft the fafe-conducts feignur le Roy Sc princes e-and licences of our /aid fovereign ftraunges, Sc eneountre les fau:-lord the King, and againft the conduits Sc licences noftre dit laws andftatutes heretofore made foveraigne feignur le Roy, & for the punijhment of fuch offen- eneountre les leies & eftatuin ders in that behalf to the great per devaunt fait pur le puniih-Jkmder of our Jaid fovereign lord ment des tielx ofFendours © the King, and the general bin- celle partie, a graund def-drance of all this realm of Eng- claundre noftre dit foveraigm land; (2) the King therefore, feignur le Roy & univerfalda-by advice and aflent of the mage de tout ceft roialme lords fpiritual and temporal, dEngleterre; le Roy pur ceo and the commons, in this del advys & aflent de les fei-parliament affembled, and by gnurs efpirituelx & temporeix authority of the fame par- oc communes en ceft parie-liament, hath ordained, efta- ment aflemblez, & per laucto-bliftied, and enadled, That all rite de meftne le parlement, ad ftatutes and ordinances made ordeigne ena&e Sc eftablie, qe before the fourth day of March,, toutz eftatuitz Sc ordeignaun-in the first year of his reign, ces devaunt le quart jour de by authority of any parliament, Marche en lan primer de fon not repealed, againft the offen- reigne faitz per audiorite dafeun ders and breakers of amities, parlement nient repellez, en-truces, leagues and fafe-con- countre les rumpours ou offen-dudts aforefaid, be and (hall dours des amiftees, triewes, be in their full force and ef- lieges, & faufeonduitz. avaunt-fedt: (3) and that every of ditz, eftoient Sc foient en pleyne the fame ftatutes and ordinan- force & effedl: & qe chefcunc ces be put in due execution in des mefmes les eftatuitz & or-all things before the judge or deignaunces foit mife en due judges, perfon or perfons or- execution en toutz chofes, dc-dained by the fame ftatutes or vaunt le juge ou juges, penone ordinances, or any of them, ou perfones, ordeignespermel-according to the tenors and mes les eftatuitz ou ordeig-effedts of every the fame fla- . naunces, ou afeun de eux, ac-tutes and ordinances ; any cordaunt as les tenours & ef-grant or confirmation by adl fedlz de chefcune mefmes les of parliament or otherwife, ufe, eftatuitz & ordeignauncez; af-or cuftom, made, had, or ufed cun graunt ou confirmation to the contrary notwithfland- per adl du parlement, ou autre-ing; (4) provided always,That ment, ufe, ou cuftume, fait,

this	ewt

„. > ■

Digitized by Google

4 33

1477-3 Anno dccimo feptimo Edwardi IV.

ewe, ou ufez, al contrarie nicnt this aft extend not to any aft contrifteaunt. Purveu toutz or ordinance made for the pu-foitz, qe ceft a<St nextcnd pas nifhment of any fuch offend-al afcun. aft ou ordeignatmce ers in the fecond year of King fait pur la punition dautielx Henry the Fifth, Jate in deed, offendours en lan fecond de and not of right, king o(Eng-Henry quint nadgairs en fait & land, nient de droit Roy dEngieterre.

Statutes made at IVcJbninfter, Anno 17 Edw. IV.

and Anno Dom. J477.

NOftre feignur le Roy Ed- /^\UR lord King Edward the ward puis la conqueft v^/ Fourth after the conqueft quart a fon parlement tenuz a at his parliament holden at Wcft-

Welhn’ le xvj. jour de Januar’ lan de fon reigne dis & feptif-mc, al honour de Dieu & pur la bien de luy & de fon roi-alme, del advys & aflent des feignurs efpirituelx Sc tempo-rdx & al inftaunce & requeue des communes en le dit parlement aflemblez & per aufto-rite de mefme le parlement, ad fait ordeigner & eftablier di-verfes ordeignaunces & efta-tuitz en la fourme qenfuift.

minder the fixteenth day of January, in the fevent centh year of his reigny to the honour of Goay and the wealth of him and his realm, by the advice and ajfent of his lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the fuit and reauefl of his commons, tn this prefent parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame parliament, hath made to be ordained and ejlablijb-ed divers ordinances and jiaiutes in form following.

CAP. I.

An aSl concerning money.

FIRST, whereas in a ftatute made the ix. year of King Ed- Ex edit. Raft.

ward the Third, noble progenitor to our fovereign lord ^j ’ the King that now is, it was ordained. That no falfe money counterfeit to the fterling, fliould be brought into this feajm, England or upon pain of forfeiture of the fame money. Saving that all Wales* upon manner of people of every realm might bring to the exchange as bullion, all manner good money o£ tilver, of whatfoever va- i^jhaju^ * Jue it were, and there to receive covenable exchange. . And felony to car-whereas in the fecond year of the pretenfed reign of king Hen- ry out of ry the Fourth, for the great deceit which then was in the money Sj?g,land or of gold and filver in Flanders and Scotland, which commonly did co^c^af”^s run, and payments made in divers parts of this realm of Eng- realm, or any land* to the great damage of our fovereign lord the King, and plate, bullion, his people, amongft other it was ordained, That all the money jewels °t of gold and filver of the coin of Flanders, and of all other lands ^°fho°rt and countries beyond the fea, and of Scotland, fliould be voided King's licence out of the realm of England, or put to the coin or bullion with- (except priio-in the fame realm, before the feaft of Ckrijlmas then next fol- ners ranioms, lowing, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame, which ordinances „ were made becaufe that the Fame money expended a;\d fuffered Vol. III.	ff	to

Digitized by Google

434	Anno	decimo feptimo Edwardi IV. [*"¥77'

No perfon to run in payment within this realm were deceitful. And nam moncy<ofany lt IS* ^at ^ate’ at days oounterfeit and Ealie mo-gold or filver pey of fuch countries allayed, as groats and pence made in Irdmdy iufficientto in part like to groats, half groats, and pence,ofthis realm, in fbcfc run in pay- a grcat multitude be daily brought into this realm out of Irel&k SofTr" an<* ot^er places, and put in payments in this realm* which if feitureofthe lt lbould lf>ng endure, it (hould not only deftroy the good mo-value thereof, ney of this realm, but alfo (hould. caufe the good money d All things	filver of this realm made within the fame* to be tranftated

filw^be	anc* turne<^ int0 the faid falfe and counterfeit money made

fold, (hall be in Ireland and other places. And alfo ftiould caufe a great ps) as fine as the of the plate of filver to be carried out of the realm, and to be an€v c°ine<l with the faid falfe and counterfeit money : wherefore by ed with The	t*ie a^"ent? re<lueft, and authority aforefaid, it is ordained. That

leopard's	after the feaft of Eafter next coming,none of the lame money a

head, and the Ireland (hall run in payment within this realm, Waks^ Calais^ or the workman's marches of the fame, nor that no perfon after the laid feaft pat merchants1 anY	^ame monies> nor the fame receive in any paymeat

aliens (hall within this realm, Wales, Calais., orthemarchesof the Caine, orany employ the part of the fame, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame money is m?ueY put or received for or in payments The fame money fb forfeit their mer-	t0	bY anY ^ie King’s liege people, and in three pam

chandifesup- to	divided, whereof one part fo forfeit fttall be applied tc

on the com- the ufe of the King’s houfe, another part thereof to him « modifies of them which (hall find and prove the fame forfeitume before any Mad^perpe- ju^lces °f peace of any county within this realm* where any tual3.*L7!c.s. fuch forfeiture fhall happen, or before the mayors, baififts, Ihc-and after-	riffs, or other chief governors of city, borough, or tbwn ax-

wards conti-	porate, or within any of the five ports within this realm of

twentyyears	or ^ Calais 9 before the treafurer and comptroller

by 7^d. 6.c.6. there, if like forfeiture fall or happen, and all the refidue of 9 Ed.3.11.*. the fame forfeiture (hall be to the mayor, bailiff, or other chic SH.4.C.6.	governor of the city, borough, or town corporate, or any of

3»-7-cCf	the five ports where fuch forfeiture fhall be found, to be ap-

%7 H.6.3.5*	plied to the ufe of the fame city, borough, town or port, tu

fuch of them which have any forfeitures by any lawful grant of authority of the laid parliament of our fovereign lord the King. And if tney have no manner fuch forfeiture, then the fame third part refidue fhall be applied to them which have fuch forfeiture within the fame city, borough, or town corporate, or any of the faid five ports by like authority of etherwife. And the whole forfeiture to oe found and proved at Calais, or at the marches of the fame, lhall be only to our fovereign lord the King. And if fuch forfeiture happen to be found and proved, in any other town or village not corporate, the fame refidue of the (aid forfeiture (hall be to the chief lord of the fee of the fame town, to be applied to the ufe of the lame lord. And if variance do fall betwixt any finder, affirming againft any other perfon fuch forfeiture to be,* fo that the fame money forfeit may not be feifed without action by the faid finder to be fifed. That then the fame finder, if he will purfue and prove the laid forfeiture, or in bis default any other perfon who will file and

prove

Digitized by



t477.1l Anrto decimo feptimo Edwaudi IV.

prove fuch forfeiture, he (hall be thereto received, and have an action of debt in this behalf, or at the common law at his election, or otherwife before the juftices of peace of the county, out of the city or town corporate where fuch forfeiture (hall happen. And if it happen in city, borough, or town corporate, then before the mayor, (heriff, or bailiffs, or other chief governor there, by bill or bills in this behalf, in which a&ion of debt to be purlued at the common law, like procefs, judgment, and execution (hall be, as is ufed in other adtions of debt there to be purfued. And in fuch bill or bills to be purfued before the juftices of peace, or before any of the laid mayor, (heriff, or baillifs or other chief governors afore-iaid, the proceis before appearance (hall be had by attachment by the body infinite. And after judgment by Fieri facias, Capias ad fatisfaciendum, or Elegit, at the election ot the purfuer in this benalfT The purfuer which fo doth recover, to retain his part aforefaid of the (aid forfeiture pertaining to him in bis own hands to his own ufe. And the part pertaining to the King, to be delivered to the (heriff or (heriffs, bailiff or bailiffs, in the King’s' exchequer, to be accountable of fuch county or plaoe corporate, where fuch recovery (hall be had by writing indented in this behalf to be made, to be employed to the ufe of our Sovereign lord the King as is aforefaid. And the red-due of the (aid forfeitures recovered, to be delivered to any of the (aid mayors, (heriffs, baillifs, or other chief governors corporate, as afore is faid, to be applied in the manner and form before fpecified. And if any fuch forfeitures be found and.proved in any town or village not corporate, the fame to be delivered to the faid lord of the fee, to be applied to his ufe. And whereas by the ftatute made in the fecond year of the pretenfed % h.6.c.c# reign of the late king Henry the Sixth, it was ordained amongft other,That no gold nor (ilver (hould be carried out of this realm, upon pain of forfeiture of the value of the fame, and that he which efpieth the fame, and thereof giveth knowledge to the council or treafurer of England, (hould have the fourth part of fuch forfeiture (ranfbm and fine of the Rnglijb prifoners,taken beyond the fea, and the money which foldiers lhall carry with them for their reafonable cods, with other things in the fame ftatute comprifed, excepted) contrary to .which ftatute and ordinance, and divers other ordinances touching the fame, before this made, the money of gold and filver and veffel, and plate of gold and (ilver ot this land, as merchandifes is carried and lent out of this realm, as well by the denizens as aliens, to the great impoverifhing of this realm, and final de-ftrultion ofahe treafurc of the feme realm, if hafty remedy be not provided: it is ordained and eftabliftied by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon from the feaft of Eajier, (hall carry nor do to be carried out of this realm or Wales any manner money of coin of this realm, nor of the coin of other realms, lands, or feigniories, nor no plate, veffel, mafs, bullion, nor jewels of gold wrought or unwrought, or of filver, without the King’s licence: except fuch perfons as be difpeofed within the

F f z	forefaid

Digitized by

436

17 R.i.c.i.

Annodecimo feptimo Edwardi IV. [147).

forefaid ftatute made the fecond year of King Henry the Sixth, and in other divers ftatutes, upon pain of felony, and to be adjudged and reputed as a felon. The fame felony to be heard arid determined in like manner and form, and before fuch per-fon or perfons, as other felonies be commonly heard and determined within this realm. And whereas in the ftatute made in the ninth year of King Edward the Third, amongft other things it was ordained, That the fterling halfpenny or farthing fhould not be molten for veflel nor none other thing by gold-fmith or other, upon pain of forfeiture of the money molten. And that the goldfmith or other that fo doth melt, (ball h commanded to prifon, there to remain till he hath yielded to the King the one half of that he hath fo molten, notwithfhnd-ing any charter or franchife granted to the contrary, which lb-tute was confirmed by King Richard the Second, in his parliament holden the xvii. year of his reign. And then amongft o-ther it was ordained. That no groat nor half groat fhould be molten by no perfon for veflel, nor other thing thereof to be made, upon the pain aforefaid : contrary to which ftatutes the faid monies of filver and monies of gold of this realm, by gold-fmiths and other perfons are daily molten for veflel and other things thereof to be made; fo that by the feme caufe and by the laid carrying of money of this realm, and by the great quantity at gold beaten for imagery and fuch like, and oy the wafting of golc m gilding in divers manners by goldfnuths, cutlers, and other artificers, the money of this realm is greatly diminifhed^ | the univerfel damage of this realm: therefore it is ordained by the faid authority, That no,goldfmith nor other perfon from the faid feaft of Eafter, lhall melt or beat within this realm,

Calais, or the marches of the fame, any money, of gold or filver not broken, fufiicient to run in payment, nor by any occafioc of fenfuality to minifh, bow or break the money of this realm, able to run in payment, for to make any veflel or other thing thereof, nor to gild any thing with the fame; nor that any goldfmith or other perfon within this realm, lValesy Calais, or the marches of the fame, from the faid feaft of Eaftery lhali gild any manner veflel, bafon, pots, cups, nuts, or feltccUan of filver, (ornaments of churches, ftafF for knights made or» be made, and apparel neceflary to be gilt for every fuch perfon difpenfed by the ftatute of array, made in the third year of the reign of our fovereign lord the King that now 19, and in the ordinance of apparel made in this prefent parliament excepted,J upon pain to forfeit the double value of the money fo molten, or voluntarily bowed or broken, or to the value of the veflel, bafon, pots, cups, nuts, or faltcellars of filver, or other thing gilt, or the thing in which any fuch gilding (hall be, (except before excepted.) The third part of every fuch forfeiture to bt applied to the ufe of the King’s honourable houfe: the other part thereof to the ufe of him or them which (hall find and prove the fame forfeiture, in the manner as afore is faid in the article of money of Ireland. The refidue of the faid forfeiture to be! to the mayor, iheiiffs, bailiffs, Qf Qtbqrohiqf governors of the

■	.	city,.

Digitized by Gooole

437

?7-l Anno decimo feptimo Edwardi IV.

, borough, or town corporate, or any of the five ports sre fuch forfeiture (hall be found and proved, to be applied he ufe of the lame city, borough, town or port. And that whole forfeiture be found and proved at Calais or the march-:>f the fame, to be only to our fovereign lord the King. And ny fuch forfeiture happen to be found and proved in any m or village not corporate, the fame refidue (hajl be to the ef lord of the fee of the fame town or village to be applied to 5 ufe of the fame lord. The finder of the lame forfeiture, if will purfue and prove the fame, or in hi$ default any other rfon which will purfue or prove fuch forfeiture, (hall be there-received, and have in this behalf an a&ion of debt or at the mmon law at his ele<5tion, or before the juftices of peace of the ne county opt of the city or town corporate, where fuch for- . ture fhall happen. And if it happen in city, borough, or town •rporate, then before the mayor, (heriff or (heriffs, bailiff or ulififs, or other chief governor there, by bill or bills in this irty, in which a&ion of debt, and in the (aid bill and bills to j purfued, like difpofition, demean, behaviour, receiving, judg-lent and execution in this part (hall be had, according as in le aforefaid article concerning money of Ireland is contained, ly charter, grant, corporation or a<5t made to the contrary otwithftanding. And whereas in the parliament .holden the rcond year, of the ufurped reign of Henry the Sixth, late in eed and not of right King of England, amongft other it was or-ained, that no goldfmith nor worker of filver within the city f London, (houla fell any thing wrought of filver, unlefs it be is fine as the fterling, except that that, needeth folder in the naking, which (hall be allowed according as the folder (hall be \eceffary to be wrought in the fame. And that no goldfmith lor jeweller, nor other man that worketh harnefs of filver, (haH. >ut any of the fame to fale in the fame city, before it be touched with the touch of the leopard’s head, that which may reafonably bear the fame touch. And alfo with the mark or fign of the worker of the fame, upon pain of forfeiture of the double. And that the mark or fign of every goldfmith (hall be committed to the wardens of the fame myftery. And if it may be found, that the keeper of the touch aforefaid, do touch any fuch harnefs with the leopard’s head, which is not as fine in allay as the fterling, that then the keeper of the touch for every thing fo proved not fo good in allay as the fterling, (hall forfeit the double value to our fovereign lord the King and to the party, which ftatute is daily broken by the goldfmiths and other workers of filver, inhabiting as well in the city of London as elfewhere within this realm and WaleSy and our fovereign lord the King in effe<ft nothing anfwer-ed of any forfeiture comprifed in the lame ftatute, albeit that the King’s liege people daily buying things wrought by the faid goldfmiths or workers as fine gold or fine filver, fuppofing it to be the fame, when in deed it is not fo, be grievoufly deceived, be-caufe that the faid touch of the leopard’s head is oftentimes fet to fuch things by the faid keeper of the faid touch of London and other places, as though the thing were fine and not defective,

F f 3	And

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo feprimo EpwARCT IV.	[1477,

And oftentimes the fign of the worker of the fame is: not £let thereto according tt> the ftatute aforefaid, nor the a&ion given in the fame ftatute is no perfect remedy to the perfons grieved in this behalf. It is ordained by authority of this prefent parliament, for the better execution of the faid ftatute, and'for to efehew the deceit daily done by the faid goldfmiths and workers of gold1 and filver in the faid city of London and elfewhere, within this realm and Wales, that no goldfmith nor other worker of gold and filver, or either of the fame metals, from the faid fbaft of Raftery {hall work, fell, or fet to fele, any manner bafe gold under the fine-nefs of xviii. carats otherwife called crates, nor no filvier uuiefi it be as fine as the fterling. Except fuch thing as requireth (older in making of the fame, which (hall be allowed according to the folder neceflary to the making of the fame, upon pain of forfeiture of the double value of any fuch gold or filver wrought or fold to the contrary. Nor that no goldfmith, jeweller, nor Other worker of harnefs of filver, (h3l fet no harnefs of {Hvo-plate, nor jewel of filver to fell, from the faid feaft erf Eafler, within the faid city of London, or within two miles of before it be touched with a touch of the leopard’s head crowned, fuch as may bear the fame touch, and alfo with a mark cr fign of the worker of the feme fo wrought within the city of London or two miles of the fame, upon pain of forfeiture of the double value of any fuch filver wrought and fold to the contrary. And that the mark or fign of every goldfmith be committed to the wardens of the fame myftery. And if it may be found, that the faid keeper of the touch of the leopard’s head crowned, aforefaid, do mark or touch any fuch harnefs with the leopanfs head, if it be not as fine in allay as the fterling, then the fekl keeper of the faid touch, for every thing proved not of as good allay as the fterling, (hall forfeit the double value: the feme forfeitures to be divided in two parts, the one half to be applied to the ufe of the King’s houfe, and the other half thereof to the party grieved or hurt, in this behalf j. or in his default, any other perfon which will purfue and prove fuch forfeiture, (hall be thereto received, and have in this behalf an a&ion of debt, or at the common law at his election, or before the juftices of peace of the county out of the city or town corporate where fuch forfeiture (hall happen, to purfue as well for the King as for himfelf. And if it happen in city, borough, or town corporate, then before the mayor, lfreriff or (henffs, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief governor there by bill or bills in this party. In which a&ion of debt, and in the bill and bills fo be purfued, like difpofition, demean, behaviour, judgment and execution in this party (hall be had, according as in the faid article concerning the money of Ireland is compnfed, any charter, grant, corporation, or a<5f, made to the contrary notwithftanding. And becaufe there be divers goldfmiths and other workers of gold and filver, aliens and grangers inhabiting in the city of London, and other places nigh there about, working their works in fecret places, and privileged

Digitized by LjOOQle

439

1477*] Anna decimo feptimo Ei>wardi IV.

leged, and eloin the fame, and will not be fearched by the find wardens of the fiud^oldfiniths of Loudon for the time being, nor will not be obedient and governed by them: therefore it is hereby ordained. That from the faid feaft of Eajler, every fuch alien and ftranger goldfrnith and worker of gold and filver inha* biting or to inhabit in the faid city of London, and other places within two miles of the fame city, (hall be obedient and ruled by the faid wardens of the faid goldfmiths, in all things lawful and reafonable, and fuffer the (fuff of gold and filver by them wrought to be fearched and marked after the rule of the faid city, upon pain to be punifhed in manner and form as gold* frniths and workers of gold and filver of England,, inhabiting within the faid city, by the rules of the faid craft of goldfmiths ought to be ruled. So always that the faid aliens and Grangers be not evil entreated, nor otherwife charged by any manner ioapofition, other than the faid Englijh goldfmiths be, fhall be, and ought to be. And for the better furveying of the faid aliens and (bangers in time to come to be had, it is ordained by the .authority aforefaid. That the fame aliens and ftrangers, gold-fmiths and workers of gold and filver, inhabiting within the faid city and every of them, from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel next coming, fhall inhabit them in the open ftreets of the faid city, and where better and more open (hewing is of their craft. And it is ordained by the faid authority, That if die aforefaid keeper of the faid touch, or worker of hamefs or other thing of gold or filver not madeof the faid finenefs, do touch or mark the fame hamefs or other thing as fine and able, that then for non-fiifficiency of the faid keeper and worker, the ©erfons of the faid craft of goldfmiths of the faid city of London, by whatfoever name or names they be corporate, (hall be cnargeable and charged of the forfeiture? by like a&ion or actions of debt as is aforefaid in like manner and form as immediately before is fpecifiedv And whereas in the fifth year of the pretenfed reign of king Henry the Fourth, for the better keep- 5 H. 4. c 9, mg of gold and filver within this realm, and for the utterance q{ the commodities of the fame realm, it was ordained amongft other. That the merchant ftrangers and aliens (hould fell their merchandifes brought, within a quarter of a year after their coming into the feme, and that the money received in this realm fhould be employed upon the commodities of this land upon pain of forfeiture of the fame money. Contrary to which ordinance, the feme merchants and many other perfons do convey and carry daily the fame money by them received out of the realm, to the great diminiihingof the fame money, and do not employ the fame in fubftance upon the commodities of this realm, whereby the King’s cuftom and fubfidy Jbe greatly decayed. It is therefore ordained by the authority aforefaid. That every merchant alien, and every victualler and other ftranger not being denizen, which (hall refort into any place or port of this realm or Wales after the faid feaft of Eajler, fhall duly employ all tfie money to be received by him within any part of

F f 4	the

Digitized by

Google

44P

Anno dccimo feptimo EdWaRdi IV. [1477-

thc fame realm or Walts, upon the merchandifes or other commodities of this realm, or without any fraud he (hail put the fame in due payment to the King’s Jiege people within rim realm. The fame employment or payment duly to be proved by the merchant alien, victualler, or other ftranger, before his departing out of the fame port, by writing to fuch merchant or merchants, to whom the faid merchant alien, vidhial-ler, or other ftranger hath employed or paid his money by him received for his merchandifes brought into this land, witnefling that he hath fo done or by fuch proofs as fhall feem reafonab* to the cuftomer or comptroller of the fame port and mayor, bailiff, or other chief governor of any fuch city, borough, or town, where fuch port (hall be, upon pain of forfeiture of all his goods being within this realm, and,to have one year's im-prifonment. Saving always to every fuch merchant, viCkml-Jer and ftranger, his reafonable cofts by the overfight of th? faid chief governor of the port or place where fuch merchant, victualler, or ftranger mall arrive. The fame forfeiture to be demeaned, judged, and departed, in like manner and form by like actions, procefs,, and execution, as is limited of Other forfeitures in this a<5t before declared. And becaufe tbit many forfeitures touching the aforefaid ftatutes made before this time have fallen before the faid feaft of Eajler, and by likelihood will more fall by perfons not doubting to offend and break the law, which perfons ought by reafon to be puniftied in dif-couraging of other hereafter to offend. It is ordained by the authority aforefaid. That the juftices'of peace of each county, or other place where juftices of peace are, (hall have power to Hear and determine all manner defaults and,forfeitures touching every of the premiflies had or done before the feaft of Eafttr, next enluing, to be had and done againft the form of any fa-tute before This time thereof made. The fame forfeitures and every of them to be judged, demeaned, ai>d departed inlike manner and form by like aCtion procefs and execution as before is limited, and declared of and for the faid forfeiture^ before re-hearfed in this prefent adt and ordinance. Provided always. That this a# extend not to any ambafiador or other ftranger come or to come into this realm, or to pafs out of the feme by the King£s licence, as for any money of gold and filver, plate, or vellel, or jewel, or any ornament of lilver or gold concerning his perfon, brought by him into this realm; or to any ambafiador of the King, herald, purfuivant, or meflenger, which (hall pafs out of this realm beyond the feaj'by the King’s licence, or to any merchant going over the fea to buy any wine to be brought into this realm, a$ for to carry with mm only a little cup called a Tafter for wine. Provided alfo. That this ad extend not to any of the inhabitants, denizens, or ftrangers, to comoor go to and fro the town of Calais, or the inarches ci the fame, nor to the dwellers and fojourners of the feme ; for any money by them or any of them to be conveyed or carried to any places or country out of the faid town and marches,

other

Digitized by UooQle

441

477*3 Anno decimo feptimo Edwardi IV.

ther than the money of this realm, or money of other entries carried out of this realm. And to the intent that tie notice may be hereof had to the King’s liege people in lis part, letters of proclamation under the King’s feal upon lis ordinance (hall be made to every county of this realm and ther places neceflary in all good hade. This ordinance to ndure from the faid lead of Eajler, till the end of feven years ien next following. Provided alfo, That this aft, as for the art of any forfeiture contained in the fame, which may per-lin to the King, (hall not extend to give him any fuch part of ich forfeiture to be had or made within the principality of Valet* the duchy of Cornwall, nor the earldom and counties alatines of Chejler and Flinty nor any of them. Alfo it is or-ained by the authority aforelaid, That the noble and excellent rince Edwardy the King’s fird-begotten fon, prince of Walesy uke of Comwaly and earl of Cheflery (hall have, perceive, and njoy, and to his heirs, princes of WaleSy dukes of Cornwall, nd earls of Chejler y being Jthe fird-begotten fons of the King of Inglandy al\ and every fuch part of forfeitures, which (hall be nade or forfeit within the faid principality, duchy, earldom, ounties palatines, or any parcel of any of them, in as ample tnd large form as the King ought or may have fuch part of for-eiture in any other place by reafon of any aft made in this par-iament, any aft made or to be made in tnis prefent parliament, o the contrary notwithftanding. Provided alfo, Tfiat this aft 'or the divifionand partition of any forfeiture therein contained, hall hot extend to or for any forfeiture to be had or made within the liberties or franchifes of William, biftiop of Durham. And it is ordained by the faid authority. That William, bifhop of Durhanty and his fuccedors biftiops of Durhamy (hall have all fuch partitions and forfeitures, which (hall happen within the faid liberties and franchifes, in as ample and large form as the King (hoyld or ought to have in any other place by force of this aft. Provided always. That this aft nor none other aft or ftatute made or to be made in this prefent parliament, (hall extend to be prejudicial or hurtful to the abbot of the monadery of St, Peter of Wejlminjler for the time being, nor to any perfon for the time dwelling, reliant, or being within the fame monadery, or within any place pertaining to the fame monadery, or within any place within the precinft fee or franchife of the faid abbot, or of the faid convent, or to any of the rights, privileges, liberties, franchifes, immunities, or other thing granted by the King or any of his progenitors, predeceflors, or pofleflbrs of the jroyal edate and crown of Englandy to the abbot and convent of the faid monadery and their fucceflbrs jointly or feyerally, in any manner granted heretofore pertaining. Provided alfo. That the abbot of the faid monadeiy,and convent of the faid monadery and their fucceflbrs, (hall nave, hold, and enjoy freely and effeftually, all the faid rights, liberties, privileges, franchifes, immunities, and all other things in the form aforefaid to them granted, by whatever name or names they be named

or

Digitized by LjOOQle

44*	Anno decimo feptimo Edwardi TV. [ 1477.

dr called jointly or feverally in any letters or writing thereupon made, any a6k or ordinance made or to be made in other manner or thing contrary notwithftanding. Provided always. That this a6t nor none other a£t, ordinance, or ftatute made or to be made in- this parliament, (hall be in any wife prejudicial or hurtful to the dean for the time being, of theKing^s free chap-pel of St Martin's U Grand, in London^ nor to the dean and chapter for the time being, of the fame chapel, nor to any per-fon.or perfons for the time dwelling, reliant, or being within the fame chapel, or within any place or places within the prt-cind, fee, or fnmchife of the faid dean or dean and chapter. Not to any of the faid rights, privileges, liberties, franchifes, immunities or other things by the King or any of his progenitors, predecefiors, or poflefTors or the royal eftate and crown of Exg-land* to the dean and* chapter of the faid chapel, and their fee* ceffors jointly or feverally, in any manner granted, or in any manner heretofore pertaining. And alfo provided. That the dean of the faid chapel, and dean and chapter of the faid chap-pci, have, hold, and enjoy, entirely, freely, and. efFe&ualfy, all the rights, privileges, liberties, franchifes, immunities, and all, other things in form aforefaid, to them granted by whitfe-cver name or names they be named or called jointly or fevenl-ly in any letters or writing thereupon made, any a^t, ordinance or ftatute made or to be made in any other manner or thing contrary notwjthftandiqg.

CAP. II.

For the courts of pipowders.

In a court of TTEM, Whereas dhers fairs ITEM qe come diverfo pipowders the Jk be holden- and kept in this A feires (bunt tenuz & gar-plaintiff (hall realnr, forte by prefeription al- dez en ceft roialme, afeuns per the con tradat brnd before juflieesineyre, and prefeription allowez devaxmr was made in f0™ h grant of our lord the juftfees en eire, & afeuns per the time and King that now is, and feme by graunt noftre feignur le Roy jurifdidion of the grant of his progenttm and qoreft, & afeuns per graunt de the fame fair. pnfc€tfj'ors. (2) and to every of les nobles progenitours & pre-thefame Mr sis of right pertaining deceffours: E| a afcun ou chef-court of pipawdersy to minifter in cune des mefmes les feires eft the fame due faftice in this behalf \ de droit apperteignaunt tin (3) in which court it hath been court de peepowders, a mini-du times accuftmed, that every ftrer en ceo dye juftice en celk perfon coming to the faid fairs, partie, en quele court il y ad should have lawful remedy of all toutz jours efte accuftume, qe manner of contrafts., trefpaffes, ebefeune perfone venaunt as covenants, debts* and fiber deeds tielx feires arroit loial remedie made or done within any of the des toutz maners comrades, fame fairs* during the time of trcfpafles, covenaunts, dettes, the fame fair* and within the fa- & autres fetes ou autrement rifaiftion of the fame, and to be faits ou commys deins afeuns tried by merchants being of the de les mefmes feires durant le fame fair j (4) which courts at temps incline le feir, & deins

this	la

Digitized by L^ooQle

443

477*]1 Anno dfccimo feptimo Edwardi TV.

1	iurifdiftion del mefme, & this day be mifufed'by Rewards, eftre tries per marchauntz ef- undtr-flewards, bailiffs, tommif-eantz al mefme la feire; que- j\oners, and other minijlers hold-es courtes es cells jours fount ing and governing the faid courts nifufes per fenefchallz fouth of the faid fairs, for their private snefchallz baillifft commifla- profit, holding pleat by plaints, as icz & autres miniftrez teig- well of contracts, debts, trefpaffes,, launtz & govemauntz les ditz- and other feats done and committed, ■ourtes desditz feires, pur lour out of the time of the faid fairs* inguler profit tenauntz plee or the jurifdiftion of the fame, >er plaintes, fibien des con- whereof of truth they have no ju-raftes dettes trefpafles & au- rifdifiion,furm\fmg thefame debts, res fetes faitz & commife hors trefpajfes, covenants, or other

2	temps des ditz feires ou la deeds, to be done within the time urifdiftion del mefme, dount of the fairsy or within the jurif-n verite ils ount nulle jurif- diftion of the fame fairs, where iiftion, furmettauntz les con- of truth they were not fir, (5) rabies dettes trefpafles cove- and fometime by the device of evil launtz & autres fetez eftre difpofed people feveral fuits be aitz deins le temps des feires, feigned, ana trouble them to whom iu deinz la jurifdiftion de les they bear evil will, to the intent nefraes feires, lou en verite ils that they for lucre may have fa-nfi ne feuflent; et afcuns.foitz vourable inquejls of thofe that come ur plaintez feintes per yma- to the faid fairs, where they take ;ination de malvais diipofes their aftions. (6) And whereas ►oeples a troubler ceux as divers perfins coming to the fame [ueux ils portent male volun- fairs, be grievoufiy vexed and ee, a celle entent qils arroient troubled by feigned actions, and mr lucre favourables enqueftes affo by aftions of debt, trefpaffes% les venantz as ditz feires lou deeds, and contracts made and Is preignount lour aftions, & committed out of the time of the >erount plufours venantz as find fair, or the jurifdifttm of litz feires fount grevoufroent the fame, contrary to equity and rexes & troubles per aftions good confidence* (7) whereby the eintes & auxi per aftions des lords of the fame fairs do lofe lettes trefpafles fetes $ con- great profit by the not coming of rafts faitz & commys hors divers merchants to their fairs, lei temps des ditz fejres, ou which by this occafion do abflain, urifdiftions del mefme, con^ and alfo the commons be unferved rarie equite & bon conscience, of fuch fluffdndmerchandife which lerount les feignurs des ditz ttherwife would come to the fame eires perdent graundes profites fairs. (8) Our faid lord the >er noun venue des diverfes king confidering the prcmifles, narchauntz a lour feires, qi by the advice and aflent of the mr celle caufe ceux abftei- lords fpiritual and temporal, \ount, & auxi les communes aqd at the requeft of the com-Dur celle caufe fount pire ferves mons, in the faid parliament \e riel fluff & marchaundife aflembled, and by the authorities autrement viendrount rity of the fame, hath ordain-is ditz feires : Noftre dit feig- ed and eflablifhed. That from nur le Roy, les prcmifles con- thefirftd^yof^iynextenfuing,

fideres	f	no

Digitized by

Google"

444	Anno	decimo	feptimo

Bro. jurifdic- no fteward, under-fteward,

tion, 119. bailiff, nor commiflary, nor

4	haft. 171. other minifter of any fuch courts of pipowders, (hall hold plea upon any action at the fuit of any perfon or perfons, unlefs the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or his or their attorney, in the prefence of the defendant or defendants, do fwear upon the holy Evangelifts, upon the declaration that the contract or other deed contained in the faid declaration, was made or committed within the fair, and within the time of the faid fair where he taketh his a&ion, and within the jurifdi&ion and bounds of the fame fair, (p) And although that the plaintiff or plaintiffs by their oath do affirm the fame, yet neverthe-lefs the faid defendant or defendant* (hall not be concluded by the fame, but may anfwer and plead to the aftion, or in abatement of the plaints, and to profer an iffue that the fame contract, trefpafs, or other deed contained in fuch declaration, whereupon the plaintiff or plaintiffs' do declare, was not committed nor done within the time of the fair, and ju-rifdi&ion of the fame, but out of the time of the fair, or at other places out of the jurif-didtion of the fame fair, according to the truth in this behalf. (10) And if it be fo tried, or that the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or their attomies, do refufe to take the oaths in the form aforefaid,that then the defendant or defendants (hall be quite difmiffed and dif-charecd in that behalf out of the feme court, the party plaintiff to take his remedy at common law, or other place convenient, as (hall to him feem good.

Edwardi IV. [14-

fideres, del advyce & a&t des ditz feignurs efpirituelx i temporelx & a la requefte cs communes en le dit parlemer, affembles, & per lau&orite & | mefme, ad ordeigne & eftabljt qe al primer jour del M2, profchein veignaunt nulle fe> nefchall, fouth fenefchaJl, bail*! lif, commiflarie, ne autre nr* niftre dautiels courtes de pe-powdres, teigne plee fur af-cune adtion al fuite dafcim?

f>erfone ou perfones, finon o. e pleintif ou pleintifs ou foe attourney en prefence del <k-fendaunt ou defendauntz fees ferement fur le feint Evanc-gelie, fur la declaration qe k contradt trefpafle ou autre fee conteignuz en meftne la declaration fuift fait ou commit deins la feire temps del dh feire lou celluy preigne (a adbon 'Jc dedeins les boundes & ju-rifdidtien de mefme la feire; et mefqe le dit pleintif ou pleintifs per lour ferement affenne le mefme : nepurquaunt qe le dit defendaunt ou defendauntz ne foit ou foient concludez per ceo, mes aue ceux poient ra-pounder, cc pleder al a<ftion, ou en abatement des pleintes, & de tender iflue, qe mefine le contradl trefpafle ou autre feet conteignuz en tiel declaration, fur quoy le pleintif ou pleintifs declare ou declanent, ne fuift commife ne fait dedeins le temps de la feire & jurif-didtioji del dit feire, mes hon le temps de la feire, ou as autres lieux hors de la jurif-didlion de mefme la feire, fo-lonqe la verite en celle partie: Et fil foit enfi tries, ou qe le pleintif ou pleintifs refufe ou refufent, ou lour attoumeys, de faire les ferements en fourme avauntdit^ j qe donqes le defen-

Digitized by

ndaunt ou defendaunts foit ou good, notwithftanding this or- The penaly >ient quietes difmifles & dif- dinance. (11) And that every ofa . ,^ar .

'	'	rteward,	tai-

liff, and commiflary, or other powders, if minifter, holding, ruling, or the plaintiff governing any of the faid

harges en celle partie hors icell court, le partie pleintif e prendre fon avauntage a la ommune ley ou autre lieu onvenient, come luy femble on, ceft ordeignaunce nient ontrifteant. Et qe chefcune fe-efchali, fouth-fenefchall, bail-f, commiflarie, ou autre mi-iftre teignant, rulant, ou go-ernaunt, afcuns des ditz ourts, qi face !e contrarie du eft ordeignaunce, forfacera >ur chefcune default en celle >artie C s. lune moite ent a \oftre feignur le Roy, & [autre moite ent a celluy qi en telle partie purfuera fa a<5tion ‘ur ceft ordeignaunce per adlion Je dette en fon propre noun. Et qe briefs de proclamation foient rn tout bon hade directs a chefcune vifcont de chefcune coun-tee dEngleterre de faire ceft or-deignaunce eftre proclaymes en chdcune feire deinz fon coun-tee, fibien deinz fraunchife come dehors: ceft ad den-durer a le primer jour de May avauntdit tanqueal primer jour de parlement qe profcheine-ment enfuera. Purveu toutz ne

coiim, that doth the contrary of this ordinance, mail for- Uc. was made feit for every default in this in the time behalf, an hundred (hillings, a.nd iur^dic-the one half to be to our lord the King, and the other half to him that will in this behalf purfue his adion upon this ordinance, by adion of debt • in his own name. (12) And that writs of proclamation be in all good hade direded to every (heriff of every county of England, to caufe this ordinance to be proclaimed in every fair within his county, as well within franchife as without. (13) This ad to endure from the faid first day of May> until the firftday of the next parliament. (14) Provided always, That this ad, nor any thing comprized in the fame ad, be hurtful or prejudicial to William now biihop of Dur-bam, or to his fucceffors, within the liberty and franchife of the bilhoprick of Durham. foitz, qe ceft ad, ne null

chofe comprife en mefme lade, foit damageous ou prejudicialle Made perge-a William ore evefqe de Durham ne fes fucceffours deinz les tual by 1 k.3. liberte & fraunchife del evefehie de Durham.	c*6'

CAP. HI.

Againjl unlawful games.

ITEM, whereas by the laws of this land no perfon (hould No perfon ufe any unlawful games, as dice, coits, tennis, and fuch (bail ufe any like games, but that every perfon ftrong and able of body (hould ufe his bow, becaufe that the defence of this land was much Half* bowl * by archers, contrary to which laws the games aforefaid and Kayles, Hand many new imagined games, called clo(h, kailes, half-bowl, in hand, or hano in and hand out, and queckboard be daily ufed in divers Queckboard, parts of this land, as well by perfons of good reputation, as of ^nyears im-fmall having : and fuch evil difpofed perfons that doubt not prifonment, " tet offend God in not obferving their holy days, nor in break- and forfeiture

jag of x. li. And

Digitized by

.

446

wbofocver (hall fuffer any person to play at any of the laid games in bis Eoufe, or o-ther place, lb all be three years impri-foned, and forfeit xx. 1L Rep.33 H.S. c 9*

11 R.ft.c.6. is U.4.C.4.

Anno detimofepdmo EdwarDi IV.	[ 1477.

ipg the laws of the lands to their own impoveriftunent, at* by their ungracious procurement and encouraging, do brio^ other to fuch games, till they be utterly undone and impoverift-ed of their goods, to the pernicious example of divers of the King’s liege people, if fuch unprofitable games fhould be fuf-fered long to continue, becauie that by the mean thereof diver, and many murders, robberies, and other heinous felonies be oftentimes committed and done in divers parts of thkreal®, to the great inquieting and trouble of many good and well-difpofed perfbns, and the importune lofs of theirgeods, whid plays in their faid offences be daily fupported and favoured h thegovemors and occupiers of divers houfes, tenements, gardens, and other places, where they ufe and occupy their faid ®*

facious and incommendable games : Our fovereign lord the iqg in confideration of the premifies, by the advice ottk lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in the faid pr-liament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame hartvoKha-ed, that after the feaft of Eajler next coming, no perfoo, governor nor occupier of any houfe, tenement, garden, or otk place within this realm, fhall willingly fuffer any perfon to occupy or play any of the faid games called dofn* kaiks, half-bowl, hand in and hand out, or queckboard, or any of thco, within any of their (aid houfes, tenements,gardens, or anyotte place, upon: pain to have the imprifonment of three years, Tai to forfeit and lofe for every offence, xx.li. The one half tbecei -our fovereign lord the King, to be applied to the uk of ha houfe, in all fuch places where fuch forfeiture (hall happens fall, other than where any perfon ought to have the feniatun of the goods of felons and fugitives, by any lawful gram » thority of parliament, or otherwife. And it is ordained by the laid authority. That all fuch perfbns, their heirs and facaflon, which ought to have any fuch forfeitures in any fuch placo, fhall have all fuch half as fhall be hereafter forfeit by any of the premises : and the other half thereof to him or them that is this behalf will purfue by a&ion of debt at the common law: 1c which atftion, like procefs, trial, judgment, cofts, damages,^ execution, fhall be had as isufed in other albons there purfued And that no perfon from the faid feaft of Eq/lery (hall ufe any d the faid games called clofh, half bowl, kailes, hand in or hand out, or queckboard, upon pain of two years imprifonment, ami to forfeit for every default, ten pounds. The one half thereof to our fovereign lord the King, to be applied to the xk of his houfe, in all places where fuch forfeiture (hall happen* fall, other than where any perfon ought to have the foneitiit of the goods of felons and fugitives, by any lawful grant, authority of parliament, or otherwife. And it is ordained by tfw faid authority. That all fuch perfons, their heirs and fucoeflon, which ought to have any fuch forfeitures in fuch places, (hall have all fuch half that (hall be hereafter forfeit by any of -the premifies ; And the other half thereof to him or them that

a	ix

Digitized by v^ooQle

4+7

i this behalf will fue by aftion of debt in like manner tuil >rm to be had, tried, ruled, and ordered as is afore laid.

CAP. IV.

An aft for making of tile.

[TEM j>uf ceo qe es diver-fes parties du cell roialme raundes damages ount eftee,& le jour en autre fount, & per smblance en temps aveignir reivours accrcfcer voillent, pur lefault de veraie fefonable fc ufficiant fefure whityng & ane-yng de tewle appeHes plein-ile, auterment nofinez thak-ile, roftile, ou creft’de, cor-lertile, & guttertile, fait & flFaire deinz ceft roialme: 'Joftre feignur le Roy, les ►remifles confidercs, pur uni*-erfal bien de Ton dit roialme, d per tadyys fc aflent des tignurs cfpirittfelx & tempo-elx & a la requefte des com-nunes en fc dit parlement af-embles, & per auftorite de nefme, ordeigne & eftablie, [c toutz & chefcune perfone ki perfones, qi en apres ufera occupation de fefure dafeun iel teule come eft defuisefpe-ifies, le face bone fefonable, k able bien ftrfficlalment & out ouftrement blanches & ane-es, & qe la terre de qude af-une tiel teule ferra fait foit oiez & giftes devaunt le pri-ner jour <le Novembr' prof-:hein deVaunt qeceo ferra fait, k qe mefme la terre foit fteres k tumes devaunt le primer our de Fcverer adonqes prof-:hein enfuant les ditz foiance k giftance, & nifcnt overes de-'aunt le primer jour de Marche tdonqes profehein enfuant: it <je la dit terre, devaunt qil bit mife al fefure de teule, oit verament overez & tries le peersj et auxi <je les veines

ap.

ITEM, Whereas in divers parts if this realm great damage hath been, and daily is, and by likelihood in time to come will much increafe, f$r default of true, feafonable, ana Jujfident making, whiting, and anealing of tile, called plain tile, otherwife called thak-tile, roof-tile, or eref tile, comer-tile, and gut textile,made and to hr made within this realm: (2) Our lord the King (the premiftos confidcred) for the general profit of this realm, by the advice of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the requeft of the commons, in the faid parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, hatn ordained and eftablifhed. That all and every perfon or perfons, which hereafter (hall ufe the occupation of making of any fuch	9

tile as before is laid, lhall make it gpod, feafonable, able,

•and fufficient, and well whited and anealed. (3) And that The prepara-the earth whereof any fuch tile tion of earth lhall be made, (hall be digged for the making and caft up before the first day of November f next before that lengths, they (hall be made, and that breadth«v and the fame earth be ftirred and thickncfs of turned before the first day ofthcnL February then next following the fame digging and calling up, and not wrought before -the first day of March next following ; and that the fame earth before it be put to making of tile, be truly wrought and tried from ftones ; (4) and alfo that the veins called mahn or marie, and chalk, lying commonly in the ground

near

Digitized by

Google

448

The forfeiture of the offender tbatfelleth de-fcttivetiles.

Anno decimo fepytimo Edwardi IV,	[147j,

near to the land convenient to make tile, after the digging of the faid earth whereof any fuch tile (hall be made, (hall be well lawfully and truly fevered and caft from the earth whereof any fuch tile (hall be made. (5) And that every fuch plain tile fo to be made, (hall contain in length ten inches and half, and in breadth fix inches and a quarter of an inch, and in thicknefs half an inch and half a quarter at the lead. (6) And that every fuch roof-tile or cref-tile fo to be made, (hall contain in length thirteen inches, and the thicknefs of half an inch and half a quarter at the lead, with convenient deep-nefs according. (7) And that every gutter-tile and cover-tile to be made, (hall contain in length ten inches and an half, with convenient thicknefs, breadth, and deepnefs accord-ing. (8) And if any perfon or perfons fet to fale to any perfon or perfons any fuch tile above fpecided, made or to be made contrary to the faid ordinance, then the feller thereof (hall forfeit to the buyer of the fame the double value of the fame tile, and befides that, (hall make fine and ranibm to the King at his will. (9) And that every perfon that feeleth himfelf grieved, and will fue in this behalf, (hall have an a&ion of debt againd the offenders, wherein (hall be made and had like procefs, recovery and execution, as is or may be at this day in any other adions of debt purfuea at the common law. (10) And that the plaintiff in every fuch adion (if it be found with him) may recover againd the defendant in the fame adion his reafonable cods

appelles malm ou marl k chalke, gifantz commune-ment en Ta terre bien pres a la terre convenient de hire teule ent, en ou apres lafoi-aunce de la dit terre dount si-cun tiel teule ferra fait ou affaire, foit bien loialment k verament deffeveres it gilta de la dit terre dount aicun tx teule ferra fair ou affaire;* qe chefcune tiel pleyne talk enfi affaire conteigne en longi-eure dys pous & dimy, &a laieure vj pous & un quarter dun pous, et en denfite i. pous & di. quarter dun pout au meyns : Et qe chefcune tie! roftile ou crede-teule enfi at-faire conteigne en longieurm pous & en denfite di. pous S un quarter au meyns, ovdqc convenient profundenefle ac-cordaunt; et qe chefcune gat-tertile affaire conteigne en W gier x. pous & di. pous ovefqe; convenient denfite, et profit deffe accordant. Et fi afcaw 1 perfone ou perfones mette 21 vender au afeun perfone ou perfones afeune tiel teule coo< defuis efpecifiez encountrc b dit ordeignaunce fait ou affaire, adonqs le vendour ent farficei lachatour del mefme le doubk valuede mefme le teule, et on-fire ceo face fyn & raunfcoi Roy a fa volunte; et qe ebei cune perfone qi fe fente grew, & fuer voet en celle panic, ac action, de dette encountrc let* fendour en celle partie, & aiet femblables proceffes recover & execution en ceo, come di ou poiet eftre a cell jour en ai-cuns autresa&ions de dette pur* fuers a la commune ley; ct qr le pleintif en chefcune del action, fil foit trove ovefqe hn,| poiet recoverer encountrc le dc-1 fendaunt en mefme ladtion id

Digitized by v^ooQle

449

efonables codes Sc expenfes !e fa.fuite: et qe le defendaunt n afcun tiel aCHon ne foit ad-nife de gager la ley, ou davoir icun. efloin ne protection al-pwe* ne afcun av^untage per ourchier per efloin diftrefle: st auxi qe les juftices de >eas pur le temps efteantz leins chefcune countie de reft roialme, & chefcune de sux, aiet plevne poair den-luercr oier Sc terminer per our diferetions, fibien per ex-imination ou autreoient, les iefautes offenfes Sc trefpafles aviendrount a faire encoun-re ceft ordeignaunce, fibien a a fuite du Roy come a la fuite le partie qi cn apres fe fentera rreves en celle. Et fi il foit rove, ou poiet apperer as les litz juftices de peas, ou afcun ie eux, per examination ou iUtrement per lour diferetion, je afcun perfone ou perfones id ouount ofFendu ou offenduz :ontrarie a ceft ordeignaupce; qe lors mefmes les juftices, devaunt queux il ferra trove ou ippiergera, affeffent et met tiulle fine meinz fur loffen-dour en cell partie qe pur chefcune mille de plentile teule mife a vende contrarie a ceft ordeignaunce, v. s. Sc chefcune :ent rooftile vj. s, viij.d. Et pur chefcune cent comertile ou guttertile ij. s. venduz con-trarie a ceft ordignaunce : Et fi meins foit enly mis a vende ou vendus contrarie a ceft ordi-naunce, meindre fine foit pur ceo foit, folonqe la rate dicelle, per la diferetion des ditz juftices ou afcun deux. Et qe les juftices aient pleyn poair de faire venir devaunt eux ou afcun de eux as afeuns temps Sc lieu requifitez tielx Sc tantz perfpnes come per lour difere-Vox.. III.	tion

cofts and expences of his fuiti j[ji) And that any defendant in any^fuch adlion 0iall not be admitted to wage his lawf (12) or to have any efloin or protection allowca, nor any advantage by fourching of efloin or diftrefs. (13) And alfo that Juftices of the tfie juftices of peace for the peace may intime being, within any county	hc?r»

c	J	v	and determine

0/ this realm, and every of thefe offencw,

then?, (hall have power to in~ and appoint quire, hear, and determine by fcarchers. their diferetions, as well by examination or otherwise, the defaults, offences, an4 trefpafles which (hall happen to be committed contrary to this ordinance, as well at die King’s fuit as at the party’s which, lhall feel himfelf grieved in that behalf. (14) And if it be found, or may appear to. the juftices of peace, or any of them, by examination or otner-wife, by their diferetion, that any perfon or perfons hath offended contrary to this ordinance, that then the fame juftices, before whom it (hall be found or appear, (hall af-fefs upon the offender in this behalf no lef9 fine than for every M. of plain tile fet to foie contrary to this ordinance,

v.	s. and for every C. roof-tile,*

vi.	s. viij. d. ana for every C, comer-tile or gutter-tile, ii. s. fold contrary to this ordinance; and if lefs be fold, that lefs fine be made after the rate of the fame by the diferetion of the faid juftices, or any of them. (15) And that the famejuftices (hall have full power to call before them, or any of them, at any time and place re-auifite, fuch and fo many per-lons as by their diferetion have or (hall have beft experience or knowledge in the occupation

Gg	of

Digitized by v^ooQle

lire rearenen authority, and fee for tneir pains.

Jufticesof the peace (halt inquire of the def aults of fearcbers.

An aft was made to prevent abules in making bricks at Geo. i. c. 35. but it was

Anno deckn6 iepdmo Ei>WAJU)l IV. [147].

of making of tile, to fearch and examine the digging, caftihg, turning, parting, making, whiting, and anealing afordaid; (to) and that the feme perfbn or perfons, which fo (hall be affigned fearchers, (hall have full power to make fearch;

(17)	and that no perfon put no fuch tile to fale before that it be fearched by the faid fearchers, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame tile. (18) And if the fame fearchers, or any of them, do find that any perfon or perfons, exercifing the occupation of tile-making, doth offend contrary to this ordinance, that then the feme fearchers (hall prefent fuch defaults before the iuftkes of peace at their next feflions 5(19) and that every fuch prefentment be as ftrong and effe&ual in the law, as the pfefentment of twelve men. (20) And that fuch fearchers lo to be ordained, afligned, and deputed, (halt have of every fuch tile-maker, for his labour* of the faid fearch, for every M. plain tile fearched, i. d. for every C? roof-tile, ob. and for every C. comer-tile and gutter-tile, a q. (21) And that the fame feareners (hall do and execute their effectual induftry and diligence in this behalf according to this Ordinance, upon pain of forfeiture to our lord the King, for every default in this behalf x. s. (22) And that the juftices of peace (hall have power to examine, inquire, and determine the faults of fuch fearchers in the premifles, in like form as above is ordained for the defaults of tile-makers. This ordinance to begin to take effect at the feaft of St.

Mi-

tion ount & averouat grchdre experience on cognifaonce a loccupation de felure de tale, dt fercher & examiner h fc. ance, giftance, turaance, d^ parture, fisfour, bhncheoor, it anelynge svauntditz. Et qe mefme le perfone ou pedlones qi ou quels ttdy ferra oufe-rount afligne ou aftgnez fer-cheques, aient pleyn poak de fair tiel ferche; et qe nuH per-font met null tid teak a ?eo-de, deraunt qil (bit ferche per les dkz fercheours, fur peynr de forfeiture de mcfotle teak, Et fi les ditz fercheours, oq afeun de tux, trove ou tn-vent, qe afcune perfeoe« perfones, exerceant ou extra-antz loccupation del fatfurtde teule, offends ou 0Sadat en ycelle, contrarfe a ceftor-dertattnee ; qe lors mdmtsks fercheours prefentent tick definite*, devaunt les juftices de peas a lour profchrin feflions, et qe chdcune tiel pre-fentement foft (i fort tt effe-tuel en la ley come prefate-ment de xij. hommes, & qe tidx fercheours enfi dire or* deigrtez affignSz & deputed aient de chefcune riel fiuftur de teule pur lour labour dele4 ferche, jpur chdcune mifie pleintile ferchez, i. d. de chef* cunc cent rooftile, di. denier, & chefcunc cent comer-tile & gutter tile le ferihig. Et qe mefmes les fercheours ficent & executant lour eScftull devoir & diligence en edit par-tie, accordant a ceft ordeig-naunce, fur payne de forfiuturt a noftre feignur le Roy pur cliefcune defaute en ceH paitie x. s. Etqe les juftices de peas aient poair dexaftiinercnqaerer & determiner ks defames de* tidi

Digitized by Google

r477«] Anno decimo fepd«K> Ei>WARDI IV;	45k

ielx ferdieours en lex j>re- Michael next coming, and not repealed by rxifles, «n fembl&ble fourme before.	aGeo.a.c.15.

:ome defuis eft ordeignez pur

es defaultez de les faifours de teule. Ceft ordeignaunce a ommencer de prendre effedfc a la fefte de feint Michell prof-hein viegnaunt & nien devaunt.

CAP. V.

alteration df part of the Jlatute of 4 Ed. 4. c. i.for foaling of cloths.

[TEM, whereas by an adk made in the parliament of ouf Ex edit. Poltj laid lord the King, holdeh at Weftmnfttr in the fourth year f his reign, it was ordained, eftabfilhed and enadted amongft •ther things, That all woolen cloths, half cloths, ftreits and :erfeys, of a certain length and breadth fpecified in the fame (2) and being of all perfedbiefs of making, alfo comprifed ri the fame ad, mould be, from the feaft called St. Peter ad 'incida> which was in the year of out Lord God 1465, fealed vkh a double print in lead, to be devifed and ordained hy the reafurer of England for the time being, teftifying the true length ad breadth, and lawful making. (3) Alfo by the fame ad : .was ordained, amongft other things that the treafuref of . England for the time being, (hould have power and authority ? make fuch and as many keepers of the fame feals, as he (hail hink neceflary; fo that no ftrangers bom (hould be made any f the fame keepers: (4) And that every of the faid keepers (o o be made, (hall yearly accompt of the revenues of their faid offices in the King’s exchequer before the treafurer of England nd the barons there for the time being, (hewing in the fame ccounts the number of all the cloths, half-cloths, ftreits and :erfcys fealed by them, with the names of the owners thereof;

5) Every of the faid keepers to be rewarded yearly at his faid

ccount for his labour and diligence had in this behalf, at the

eceipt of the faid exchequer, by the diferetion of the faid trea-

urer and barons, without payment of any thing in the faid exche-

juer for the making of his faid account, as in the faid adt there- Woolen

>f made is more largely contained : (6) The King certainly doth*, half

perceiving, that fithence the making of the fame adt, he hatn

tad yearly greater lofs by the approvement of the fubfidy and aul- WJlxat

tage of cloths, than he had at any time beforethefaid adt of ap- both ends,

provement made; (7)for the fame and for divers other great caules notwithftand-

noving him, by the affent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal,	ftat*

nd the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by RCpCa|eJ*C'

uthority of the fame parliament hath ordained, eftablilhed, ana 5 & 6 Ed! 6.

nadled,That from the feaft of Eajler next coming, all the wool-* c. 6.

n cloths, half cloths, ftreits, and kerfeys, being of good and

>erfedt making, of length and breadth according to the form

>f the (aid adt, made in the faid fourth year, (hall be fealed with

wax,at both ends, taking no more for the fame both feals, than

before was taken for the fealing of an whole cloth, half-cloth,

ireit, or kerfey; (8) Except only, that in the city of London,

Gg 2	and

Digitized by Google

45>	Anno decimo feptimo EdwarDI IV. [1477.

and in the town of Brijlol? all the cloths that ought to be fealed, (hall befealedwithlead,ashathbeenthereaccuftoined. (9)Moreover,ii The treafu- js ordained, enadted, and eftablifhed by the authority aforefcrid, rtay	^at ^ai<* trcaft,rcr of England for tne time being, (hall have

aulnage to	power and authority to let toferm, the fubfidy and aulnage of cloths

ferm upon	which ought to be fealed, unto perfons willing to have the fame to

good forety. ferm by fafficient furcty in the form as was ufed and done before j7HR*	the faid ftatute made in the faid fourth year; (io^ the fermors

* H. ^	c.	to have the one half of the forfeiture of all the cloths and pieces

31 H.*6. c. 5. of cloths to be fet to fale, not fealed with the (aid feals, to their 41W. 3.C. *0. own ufe, paying therefore and for the faid fubfidy and aulnage to our lord the King at his exchequer, fuch yearly fums d money as (hall be agreed betwixt the treafurer of England and them, and to be accomptonts to the King of the other half of the faid forfeiture at the faid exchequer, the faid ftatute made in the faid fourth year notwithftanding.

CAP. VI.

How long the old fbertff may execute bis office? if be have mt before bis writ of difcharge.

11	4#	c: *• TTEM, whereas by a ftatute in the laft parliament holden at

’	*c#	*	X IVeJlminfter it was ordained, That the old (heriff of every

county might execute and return every writ, precept of warrant, in any of the King’s courts within the term called Michael term, after the vi day of November, and before any writ of difeharge to him delivered of his occupying of (heriff, without hurt, lofs or penalty, by the fame ftatute remembered, as in the fame doth more largely appear : (2) And becaufe that the words of the authority given by the faid adl to the faid old (heriff, be very efpecial, and not general enough for the common wealth, Every old purpofed or intended by the fame adt: (3) It is therefore or-dained by authority of this parliament, That every old (heriff fic enduring^	every county, remembered in the faid laft adl, from the fixth

Michaelmas day of November next to come, (hall have full authority and and Hillary power, as well lawfully to execute and return eveiy writ, pre-ceP.t’ or warrant> fr°m every of the faid courts 01 the King, writ ©t dif- * delivered to him, as to do and execute every ofher thing, which charge. to the office of (heriff lawfully pertaineth, at all times during Ey- 355* the terms of St. Michael, and of St. Hillary, unlefs before the fartic time he be lawfully difeharged of his occupation of (heriff, without fuftaining any damage, forfeiture, or pain in refpedfc thereof: Any adt, ordinance, or provifion before made to the contrary in any wilt notwithftanding.

CAP. VII.

A repeal of the parliament holden the ix year of King Edward IV. and the xlix. of King Henry VI.

Ex edit. Raft. TTEM, whereas in the moft dolorous abfence of ourfoveneign pariiament * *orc* ^ King out of this his realm, being in the parts of holden anno Holland, and before his vidtorious regrefs into the fame realm, in

a pre-

Digitized by t^ooQle

48*»1 Anno viccfimo fecundo Edwardi IV.	45	j

pretenfed parliament unlawfully and by ufurped power fummon- 9 Edw.^.and d by the rebel and enemy to our fovereign lord the King,Henry an?° he fixth, late in deed and not of right king of England, holden ^ therein* n the palace oi tVeJhmnjter thexxvj. day of November, thenindj made, and of ear of our fovereign lord the King that now is, under the their exem-oloured title of the laid Henry, the xlix. year of the inchoation Plifications*

>f his pretenfed reign, and the first year of the readoption of lis hfurped power and eftate, divers and many matters were reated, communed, and wrought, to the deftrudhon and dif-lerifon of our fovereign lord the King, and of his blood royal, yy the labour and exhortation of perfons not fearing God, nor willing to be under the rule of any earthly prince, but inclined of fenfual appetite to have the whole governance and rule of this realm under their power and domination, which communications, treaties, and workings do remain in writing, and fome exemplified, whereby many inconveniencies may enfue to our faid fovereign lord the King, and his blood royal, which God defend, and all noblemen attending at this time about the King, and all his other liege people and fubjedts, unlefs due remedy be provided in this behalf: Our faid fovereign lord the King, by the aflent of the Jords fpiritual and temporal, and at the requeft of the commons in the faid parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame, for the furety of his ndble per-Ton, his noble iflue, and the inheritable fucceflion of the fame, and for the furety of all the lords, noblemen, and other his fervants and fubjedts, hath ordained and ftablifhed, That'the faid pretenfed parliament, within all the continuances and cir-cumftances depending upon the fame, be void and of none effedb. And that all adts, ftatutes, ordinances, treats, communications, conventions, and workings in the faid pretenfed parliament, treated, communed, accorded, wrought, had, or by the authority of the fame parliament enadted and ordained, and all exemplifications made upon the fame, or any part of them, and every of them, (hall be reverfed, cancelled, void, undone, revoked, repealed, and of no force nor effedt.

Statutes made at	Weftminfler, 22 Edw. IV,

and Anno Dom. 1482,

parlement tenuz a WeftnT le vintifme jour de Januar’ lan de fon reigne vintifme fecond, al honour de Dieu & pur la bien de fon poeple ceftuy fon roialme, del advys & aflent dez

fei-

OUR lord the King, Edward the Fourth, at his parliament holden at Weftmin-fter the twentieth day of January, in the two and twentieth year of his reign, to the honour of God, and for the wealth of his people of this his realm, by the advice and

Gg 3

Digitized by

Google

\4H

Anno vicefepe fcowndo Edward* IV. [14b

afftnt of the lords fpxritml and temporal, and at the requejl of bis commons, in the /aid parlia-. ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame parliament, hath ordained and ejlablijhed certain fiatutes and ordinances in the manner and form following.

fcignurs efpirituelx U temp* rtlx & a larequcftc de fcscoc* mune* en lc dit parlexnent i femblez, Sc per au&orite mefme le parliament ad <* deigne Sc eftablie certeins efi» tuitz tc ordeignauncez en ‘ fourme qenfuift.

CAP. I.

An aft concerning apparel\

Ex edit. Raft. T7IRST, becaufe that our fovereign lord the King hath a* Apparel. X1 ceived by a petition made to him by his commons, tktf *^1 foPeal °ft {^vers ftatutes and ordinances touching the reftraint of exceffi* ttttesmade * aPP^rel °f the people of his realm, were ordained and mad*, touching the and that for the non due execution of the fame ftatutes, his hid cxccfs of ap- realm was fallen into great mifery and poverty, and like to hi P?™1* w"At into more greater, unlefs the better remedy be provided ; what* pard tempo- »P?n °“r ,fakl fovereign lord the King, by theadvice^afe ral men of and authority aforeuud, hath ordained and ftabhlhed, That ao every degree manner perfon, of what eftate, degree or condition that be he* and eftate are (hall wear any cloths of gold or filk of purple colour, but onh whatprohlbit-the Kin?’ ****	Queen, the King’s mother, the King’s childrea,

ed t<> wear. his brother and fifter?, upon pain of forfeiture for every default, None under xx.li. And that none under the eftate of a duke, mall wear Jhc cftatc a any cloth of gold of tiflue, upon pain of forfeiture for every de-cmajn per- fault xx. marks. And that none under the eftate of a lord, ibaE ions parncu* wear phun doth of gold, upon pain to forfeit for every defeufe larlv named) x. marks. And that none under the degree of a knight, (hall than wear any wear any velvet in their doublets nor gowns. Nor none under mamle^un- x^e ^amc Regret wear any clamalk or fatten in their gowns, but lefs it be of" onty ©Quires for the King's body, upon pain to forfeit for every fuch length, default xl. s. And that no yeoman of the crown, nor now that (he being jother (hall under the degree of ah efquire or gentleman, wear Jjpnght) it jn tjiejr doublets damafk or fatten, nor gowns of chamlet, upon prWyCmem-IS P^n to forfeit for every default forty (hillings. And that none bersandbut- under the eftate of a lord, wear any manner of woolen doth tocks. The made out of this realm of England, Ireland, Wales and Calais, forfeitures of nor wear any forrs of fables, upon pain to forfeit for every de-and°who (hali ^au*t ten pound. And alfo it is ordained and ftablifhed by the have them, faid authority, That no fervant of hufbandnr nor common labourer, nor fervant to any artificer out of city or borough, (hall wear in their cloathing any doth, whereof the broad yard (hall pafs the price of two millings. Nor that any 6f the faid fervants or latourers, (hall fuffer their wives to wear any death* ing of higher price than is before limited to their hulbands. Nor they (hall not fuffer their wives to wear any reik called 1 kerchief, whofe price exceedeth twenty pence. Nor none of the faid fervants or labourers, (hall wear any hofen, whereof the pair fhall pafs eighteen pence, upon pain to forfeit for every default three (hillings four pence. Moreover, it is ordained. That the t .	juftices

Rep. 1. H. 8. c.14. & ijac.i c. 25.

Digitized by

Google

4 SS

[482.] AnnoviccGmo fcamdo Edwardi IV.

uftices of peace in every county, mayors, fheriffs, bailiffs, nailers, and other chief officers ot cities, boroughs, towns of he five ports, and other corporate towns with this realm, (hall lave power and authority to inouire, hear and determine all the aid defaults and forfeitures ana every of them, to be made and lad within their feveral jurifdiftions, as well by enquiry as by tue examination, and the matters and caufes concerning the aid offences and forfeitures to determine by likeprocefs and judg-nent, and in like manner and form before attainder in this behalf, s is before the juftices of peace commonly ufed of trefpafs done rith force and arms againft the King’s peace, and after the at-ainder like execution. And if any matter touching any of the rffences be removed of any of the faid juftices of peace, mayor, >r any other officers before named, to be had before the King n his bench, that then the juftices to the pleas before them to >e holden, affigned, (hall have power to award like procefs and ike execution in this behalf, as before is limited. And it isordain-id by the faid authority, That all the faid pains and forfeitures, :xcept fuch pains and forfeitures in and for the premises, which hall happen to be and grow within the county palatine of CheHer, Examjbtre, and the bimoprick of Durham, mall be to the King, :o be employed to the expences of his honourable houfe. And hat fuch pains and forfeitures in and for the premises within the laid county palatine of Chejler, (hall be to my lord the prince. And fuch pains and forfeitures in and for the premifTes within Ex-amjhire, fhall be to the archbifhop of York and to his fuccefTors. And fuch pains and forfeitures in and for the premifTes withir* the faid bimoprick of Durham, fhall beto the bifhop of Durham and his fuccefibrs. Provided always. That this aft extend not, nor be prejudicial to or for any woman, excepted the wives and fer-vants of labourers. Alfo it is ordained by the authority afore-faid. That all ordinances and ftatutes before this time made of array and apparel, fhall be by the authority of this prefent parliament void and of none effeft nor force. And that this aft begin and take effeft after the feaft of the Epiphany next coming, and not before. And it is ordained and enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no manner perfon, under the, eftate of a lord, fhall wear from the faid feaft any gown or mantle, unlefs it be of fuch length, that he being upright, it fhall cover his privy members and buttocks, upon pain to forfeit to our fovereign lord the King at every default, twenty (hillings. And like examination, procefs and judgment fhall be therein had? as in the premifTes is ordained. Provided always. That this prefent aft for apparel, fhall not be prejudicial to the liberty in wearing of cloth and furr, purple and cloth of gold only excepted, of Sir Thmas Montgomery, Sir Thomas Burgh, Sir Thomas Vaughan, Sir John Don, Sir William Parr, SlrTbomas Debit I&xtr,Sir Thomas Bourthier, Sir Thmas Grey, nor of matter Oliver the King’s fe-cretary, nor any of them. And provided alfo, That the feme aft be not prejudicial to matter John Guntborp, dean of the King’s

y8 4

Digitized by

456	Anno	viccfimo	fecundo Edwardi IV* fi4$2,

chapel. Nor to Sir John Elrington,1 treafurer of the King’s houfe, nor to any of tnem, as before.

CAP. II.

An afl for packing of barrelled fijh.

The contents TTEM, Whereas divers de-of vcfTels of X ceits have been ufed and done, falmon, her- as weU %in the meafures of veffels hnw ca^ buttsy barrels and half bar-lifh (hall be r^s ordainedfor falmon^ and bar-packed. r//j, half barrels, and firkins or-13 Ed. i. dained for herring, eels, and other at. x. c. 47. barrelledfifh, as in the packing in the fame vejfels of every of the faid fijhes before named\ to the great damage of the King, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and other of the Kings faithful fib-jefls: (2) for reformation whereof our faid fovereign lord the King, by the advice, aflent, and authority aforefaid, hath Packing of ordained and enaded. That falmons, and no merchant ftranger not den-'te C0*Llfnt °* izen, after the feaft of Saint thereof Michael next coming, (hall fell 11 H. 7! c. 23. nor fet to any falmon by » .	butt, barrel, half barrel, or any

other vefTel, before it be feen, except the fame butt do hold and contain fourfeore and four gallons, the barrel two and forty gallons, the half barrel one and twenty gallons, well and truly packed, upon pain of forfeiture for every butt, barrel, and half barrel fo failing their faid meafure, fix (hillings and eight pence: (3) alfo that no fuch merchant being under the King’s obeifance, after the faid feaft: of St. Michael, (hall fell or put to fale any manner falmon by butt or other vcflel, except it be well and faithfully packed, that is to fay, the great falmon by it felf, without mingling with them any grills or broken tcllied falmon. And that all *	fmall

ITEM qe come diverfes def-ceits ount efte ufes & faitz, fibien en les mefures des vef-feaulx appelles buttes, ba relies, & dimy barelles, ordeigpez pur falmon, & barelles dymy barelles & firdekyns ordeignez pur harang, anguillez, peflon barelles, come en pakkure ei les mefmes vefleaux de chef-cune de les peflons avaunt nof mes, a graund damage du Roy, les feignurs cfpirituelx & tern-porelx, & autres foialx fubgiets du Roy : pur reformation de quele noftre dit foveraigne feig-nur le Roy, del advys aflent & aueftorite defuifditz, ad orddg-nez et ena&ez, qe nulle mar-chaunt, eftraunge ne denizein, apres la fefte de feint Michell profehein veienaunt vende ne mette a vend afeun falmon, per butte, barrelle, di. bardie, ou afeune autre vefleau, devaunt qil foit vieu ; finon mef-me le butte teigne & conteigne quatre vint & quatre galons, le barell quaraunt deux galons, et le di. barelle xxj. galons, bien & foialment pakkez; fur paync de forfaiture pur chelcune butte barelle & di. barelle enfi fail-lant lour dit mefure vj. s. viij.d. Auxi qe nulle tiel marchaunt, efleaunt defouth lobeifaunce du Roy, apres la dit fefte de feint Michell vende ou mette a vend afeun manere falmon per butte ou autre vefleau, finon y foit bien & foialment pakkez, fcilicet le graund falmon per foy mefme faunz mixture ovefqe dafeuns grilles, ou falmons rumpes

Digitized by

4# 2.]	. Anno vicefimo

*umpcs les ventrez. Et qe outz petitz peffons appellez grilles foient pakkez per foy nefmes foulement faanz afcun nixture fur payne de forfaiture ic perdition de vj. s. viij. d. pur rhefcune butte, barelle, di. ba-elle, contrarie a cell adle mix-:es, rakkes, & rnifes au vend.

Auxi qe nulle marchaunt lautre perfone mette afcun ha-ank au vend per barelle, di. >arelle, ou firkyn, finon mef-ne le barelle conteigne xxxij. galons, le di. barelle, & firkin, folonqe mefme la rate, & je mefme le harank foient bien bialment & juftement couche ic pakke, & loit del prife dune temps & falfure, & qe mefme e harank foit fi bon & fibien pakkes en le midye,& en chef-:une part du dit barelle & au-:re vefleau, come il ferra en les fines mefmes les barelles & vef-eaulx ; fur payn de forfaiture & perdition de iij. s. iiij. d. pur chefcune barelle dimi barelle & firkyn enfi faillant lour dit mefure, & auxi fur payn de forfaiture & perdition de iij s. iiij. d. pur chefcune barelle, di. barelle, & firkyn de harank :ontrarie a ceft adte fortez couchez ou pakkez. Auxi qe nulle tiel marchaunt ne pa-lingman vende ou mette au vend afcuns anguilles per barelle, di. barelle,(ou firkyn, finon le barelle conteigne xlij. galons, le di. barelle & firkyn folonqe mefme la rate: ne qe afcune tiel marchaunt ne palingman mefceient afcun galbelton, mo-reys, ou decories anguilles, ovefque bones anguilles; mes qe mefmes les bones anguilles foient bien & juftement pak-kes, & venduz per foy mefmes ; ne mefcent ovefque les 4itz anguillez, ou mette au vende,

fecundo Edwardi TV.	457

fmall fifh called Grils, fhal} be p_.. ~c packed by themfelves only, gnjis> 8 without any mingling, upon6 pain of forfeiture and lofs of fix (hillings and eight pence for every butt, barrel, and half barrel mingled, packed, and fet to fale contrary to this ad.

II. Alfo that no merchants The content nor other perfon fet any herring a .barrcl of to fale by barrel, half barrel,	jEh

or firking, except the fame bar- be well rel contain two and thirty gal- packed.

Ions, tfie half barrel and firkin after the fame rate; (2) and that the fame herring be well, truly, and juftly couched and packed, and that it be of one times taking and felting; (3) and that the fame herring be as good and as well packed in the midft, and in every part of the fame barrel, or other veflcl, as it fhall be in the ends of the fame barrels, and other veflels, upon pain to forfeit three (hillings and four pence for eveiy barrel, half barrel, and firkin io failing their faid meafure, (4) and alfo upon pain of forfeiture and lofs of three (hillings and four pence for every barrel, half barrel, and firking of herring forted, laid or packed contrary

to this adh (5) Alfo that no	„

1	1	••	1	nc	content

fuch merchant nor palingman Qf ? barrel Qf

fell or fet to fale any eels by eels, and they barrel, half barrel, or firkin, flwll not be except the fame barrel contain "^gl^* two and forty gallons, the half barrel and firkin after the fame rate; (6) nor that any merchant nQr palingman do mingle any gallebetton, ftarved, or pulled eels with the good eels, but that the good eels be well and juftly packed and fold by themfelves; nor that they mingle with the good eels, or put to fale any red eels, upon pain of forfeiture and lofs of

ten

Digitized by

Google

Anno victfimo fecundo Edwarm IV. [148?'

ten {hillings for every barrel* vende, afcuns anguiliez rou~ half barrel, and firkin fo failing gez 5 fur payn de forfeiture Sc their meafure; and alfo upon perdition de x. s. pur chefcune pain of forfeiture and lofs often barelle dimi barelle & firkyn (hillings for every barrel, half cnfifeilkintlour dit mefiire ; et barrel, and firkin fo mixed, auxi fur peyne & perdition de packed, and let to (ale, as afore x. s. pur chefcune barelle, di, is faid, contrary to this a&. barelle, & firkyn, enfi come eft Howfifh fhall (7) AUo that no fuch mer- avauntdit mixttz, fe contraric be packed, chant, after the faid feaft, fell, a ceft a<fte pakkez ou mife au or fet to fale any barrelled fifh, vende. Auxi qe nulie tie! except the fame fi(h be well marchaunt apres la dit fefte and faithfully packed, that is to vende ou mette au vende afeun fey, any countable fifh, com- peflbn borellez, finon mefme monly called Takfifh, by it le pefion foit bon Sc fbialment fclf, and the fame fifh called pakkez, fcilicet laccomptaWez Grills by themfclves, without peflbn, vulgarement appellee any mixture of the (aid fifhes talefiih, per foy mefme, Sc les with the great fi(h, and without petite peflbns appdlex girles mixture or packing of thokes, per foy meftnes, faunx aftrun or fifh with broken bellies with mixture deles ditz peflbnsovef-the faid tale-fifh, or fmall fifh; qe le grofle peflbn. Sc feunz

(8)	and that the faid tale-fifh, mixture Sc pakkure des thokez or fmaU fifh, be not laid double & peflons rompez le ventre in the packing; (9) and that oveiqe le dit comptablepeflbn, every tale-fifh contain in length, ou petit peflbn: Et qe ne he-from the bone in the fin, to comptable peflbn ne petit pef-the third joint in the neck, fix fbn loit couche double en pak-and twenty inches at the leaft, kure. Et qe chefcune peflbn and that tne napes of all fuch comptable conteigne en Ion-barrelled fifh fhall be no longer gieure del ofle al fyne jefquez than the little bone that refteth al tierce jointe del cowc xxvj. upon the great fin; (10) and poucez au meyns. Et qe les that the bone of every fuch fait napes de tout tiel peflbn bard-fifh fhall be taken away to the lex ne foient pluis longez, qe navel of the fifh. And that au petit ofle qe let fur le grofle every fuch fifh be fplatted, or fynne. Et qe Ioffe de chefcune opened down, to an handful of tiel peffon falee foit prife hors, the tail, upon pain of forfeit- jefquez le lumble de mefme le ing and lofing of three (hillings peflbn. Et qe chefcune tiel and four pence for every barrel peffon foit fplatte ou overte bafe of fifh which hereafter fhall be defqe un maniple del cowe, fur found packed, forted, mixt, payn de forfeiture & perdition haped,laid double, or not bon- de iij. s. iiij. d. pur chefcune ed, nor fplatted, nor open, ac- barelle de peffon, quele enapres cording to this a&.	ferra trqvez pakkez, fortez.

Chief officers III. Alfo in efehewing the mixtez, napez, couchez dou-6f cities and common Ioffes and deceits ble, ou nient deofles, ne fplat-boroughs,&c. aforefaid^ ourfaid lord the King tes, ou overtez, accordaunt a fearchcrt to bath ordained and enabled, by ceft a<ft.

»	the authority aforefaid, That Et auxi en efehuer de les

all	commune?

Digitized by L^ooQle

*82.] Anno vkefimo fecundo Edwardi IV.

>mmunes damages & defcei- all mayors, bailiffs, and gover-rz. avauntditz, noftre dit fetgr oors of cities, boroughs, mar-ur le Roy ad qrdeigne k ket-towns, and all other places na£te, per le fuifdit au&orite, of this his realm, for the e toutz mairs bailiffs k go- time being, where there be ernours des citees viSos mayors, bailiffs, or governors, urghs marches k toutz autres fhall have power and authority eux do ceft fon roialme pur to name and choofe difcreet t temps efteantz, lou ils fount and expert perfon or perfons, lairs baiUifs ou governours, daily to fearch and gauge all ient poiar k au&orite pur nof- fuch veflels as above be re-ler & eflier diferete k experts hearfed, that they be faithful-erfone ou perfones, duement ly packed, and keep their law-!e ferchier & gaugier toutz nil meafure and aflife accord-ielx vefleaulx come defais ing to the ordinances aforefaid; bunt reherfez, que ceux (a) the one half of all the faid oient foialment pakkez, k fines, forfeitures, and penalties, ^rdent lour foialle mefure k and every of them, to be to tflife, accordantz as les ordeig- our lord the King, and the launcez fuifditz: lune moite other half to him or them of les toutz les fyns forfeitures & his fubje&s that (hall feife or icyns, & chefcune de eux, foit purfoe for the fame by a&ion t noftre feignur le Roy, & lau- of debt, by writ at the com-re moite foit a celluy ou ceux mon law, by bill or plaint, ac-le fcs fubgietz, qi ou queux cording to the cuftom of the eiferount ou purfuerount, fei- city or town where any fuch era ou purfuera, pur le mef- fines, forfeitures, and penalties lie, per action de dette per (hall hereafter happen to be or iriefe a la commune ley, per foil; (3) and that the defen-31II ou plaint, folonqe la cuf- dant in any fuch aAion be not? tume de la citee ou ville, lou admitted to wage nor do his iviendra en apres afeuns tielx law, (4) nor that any protec-fines forfeitures ou peynes de tion, or eflbin of the King’s :hier k eftre: et qe le defen- fervice for any fuch defendants daunt cn afeun tiel a&ion ne be allowed. (5) Provided al-[bit admife de gager ou faire fa ways. That this aA be not ley, ne qc afeun protection ou prejudicial to any perfon or per-effoine de fervice le Roy pur fons having the forfeiture of afeun tiel defendant foit al- the goods of felons, fugitives, lowez. Purveu foitz, qe ceft and condemned perfons. aCt nefoit prejudicial al afeune IV. Moreover, ft is ordained perfone ou perfones eiant ou and enaCted by the authority eiantz forfeitures des biens des aforefeid, That every fuch per-felounes fugitivez k dampnez. fon and perfons (hall have and Et ouftre ceo eft ordeignez, enjoy like forfeitures of and in & enaCtez, per laultorite a- every of the premifles within vauntdit, qe chefcune tiel per- their franchifes, as the King fone ou perfones aient k en- now hath in other places with-joient femblablez forfeitures out. de & en chefcune de les pre- -

miflez dedeinz lours fraunchifez, fi come le Roy ore ad en autres lieux dehors.	CAP.

459

fearch and gauge veflels of fib.

Digitized by C^ooQle

Anno vicefimo fecundo Edwarm IV.

cap, in.



Ex edit. Raft. No ribbands, laces, codes, girdles, calli-nlk^orcollein-filk twined, /hall be brought into England to be

j upon pain of forfeiture of the fame, or the value thereof. S3 H. 6. c. 5.

3 Ed. 4. c. 3. 19 H. 7. c. 11. I R. 3. c. 10.

Whofoever /hallfell along bow of yew above trie price of three /hillings and four pence, /hall forfeit twenty (hillings. •

Rep* 8. El. c. 10.

3H. 7. C. 13. 33H. 8. c. 9.

Concerning Jilk workers.

ITEM, whereas by a piteous complaint made in the Uqk parliament by men and women of the myftery and workman (hip of filk of-the city of London, and other cities, boroughs auc towns of this realm, it was (hewed, how that in the time of the reign of our fovereign lord the King that now is, a refeain was made that certain things of (ilk. work ready wrought fho&k not be brought into this realm, after which reftraint expired, » great multitude of filks ready wrought as corfes, ribbands, Iacgy call (ilk, andcolein filk twined have been brought into this fcgf realm by merchants ftrangers ai>d other that all the workers s the faid myftery of filk working, as well men as women in a faid realm have been grievouflv impoverifhed for default of occupation. Our faid fovereign lord the King in confiderabst of the premifles, hath by the advice, aflent, and authority afore faid, ordained and eftablilhed. That no merchant ftranger kf other perfon, after the feaft of Eafler next coming, fhall bnq into this realm of England to be fold any corfes, girdles, ribbands, laces. Call filk or Colein filk twined or wrought, upon pain 01 forfeiture of the fame, or of the value thereof, in whofe hands they (hall be found. The one half of the fame forfeiture to be to our fovereign )ord the King, and thq other half to hin or them of the iSng’s fubjedts which (hall feife the fame, or pui-fue for the fame by action of debt by writ at the commop law. or by bill or plaint after the cuftom of the pity or town whet fuch forfeiture (hall hereafter happen to fall or be. And that the defendant in any fuch adtion be not admitted to wage nordo his law, nor no protection nor efloin in the King’s fervice to be allowed for any fuch defendant. This adt to indure for iS. years fiext following the faid feaft of Eaji^r.

CAP. IV.

An aft for the price of bows.

ITEM^ whereas in the time of the noble progenitors of our fovereign lord the King that now is, and alfoin the thneof the victorious reign of our faid fovereign lord the King tin* now is, his fiibjedts within every part of this realm have vir-tuoufly occupied and ufed (hooting with their bows, whereby and under the protection of Almighty God, victorious adls hare been done in defence of this realm: now fo it is, that the bowyers in every part of this realm do fell their bows at fuch a great and cxcefhve price, that the King’s fubiedts difpofed to moot, be not of power to buy to them bows, whereby (hooting is greatly diminifhed and left, and unlawful games be ufed, contrary to ftatutes and ordinances thereupon made : our faid fovereign lord the King, confidering the premifles, by the advice, aflent, and authority aforefaid, hath ordained, eftablifhed and enacted, That from the feaft of Eajier next coming, no bowyer

nov

Digitized by

Google

4-S2.] Anno vicefimo fecundo Edwardi IV#	461.

tor other perfon ufing to fell or put to fale, or, which hereafter bia.ll ufe to fell or put to fale any long bow or botos of yew, (hall ell any of the fame bows to any of the King’s liege people iHove the price of iii. {hillings iiii. d. a bow. And long bows if yew under the value of the fame price as the feller and buyer Hereof may reafonably agree and accord, upon pain to forfeit or every long bow of yew otherwife fold above the (aid price of ii. Srfiiii. d. xx. s. The one half thereof to our fovereign lord the King, and the other half to any of his liege people that will zHerefore purfue and prove the fsrid forfeiture by adtion or actions of debt, wherein like procefs judgment and execution (Hall be had as is commonly ufed in actions of debt fped at the common law. And that no defendant in any fuch adtion or actions (hall be admitted to wage his law.

C A P. V.

Concerning the fulling of bats and caps.

ITEM, it was (hewed in the faid parliament, how that hats. No perfon bonnets, and caps as well (ingle as double,'were wont to be (hallfall or faithfully made, wrought, fulled and thicked by men’s ftrength, jJ™* bon nett that is to fay, with hands and feet, and thereby the makers of or c^p4f at 9 the fame have honeftly before this time gained their living, and any fulling kept many apprentices, fervants and good houfes, till now of late mill, or fet to that by fubtle imagination, to the deftruftion of the labours and fuftenance of many men, fuch hats, bonnets, and caps pajn to forfeit have been fulled and thicked in fulling mills, and in the faid forty (billing*, mills the faid hats and caps be broken and deceitfully wrought. Rep. 1 Jac. 1. and in no wife by the mean of any mill may be faith&lly c- *?• made, to the great damage of our fovereign lord the King and 7	•	•c* •

of all his futyedts, and the final undoing of fuch which be the makers ot fuch hats, bonnets, and caps, unlefs the grace of our fovereign lord the King fhould be to them (hewed in this behalf,' and thereupon to provide remedy: our faid fovereign lord the King, by the affent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and at the fupplication of his faid commons in the faid parlia-ifiant aflembled and by the authority of the fame hath ordained and provided. That no manner perfon after the feaft of Eafter next coming, (hall full or thick, or do to be fulled or thicked any hats, bonnets, or caps, double or fingle, in any fulling mill, or by the mean of any fulling mill, upon pain to forfeit and to lofe xl. s. as often as he (hall do contrary to this adk. And al-fo that no perfon hat-maker, capper, or other whatfoever he be, after the faid feaft of Eafter, (hall fet or caufe to be fet any hats bonnets or caps double or fingle to be fulled or thicked, to any fuch mill or by the mean o? any fuch mill, or fet to fale any fuch hats, bonnets, or caps double or fingle, which after the faid feaft (hall be fo made, fulled or thicked, upon pain to forfeit and lofe the hats, bonnets, and caps fo fet as afore is faid to any fuch mill to be fulled or thicked, or otherwife fet to be fold contrary to this adk, and alfo to forfeit and lofe xl. s. as often as any fuch perfon (hall fet to fulling or thicking or to fala

any

Digitized by Google

Ztfz	Anno	viocfimo	focundo	Edwa&di IV. [I4I1.

aayfuch bits, bonnets, and caps contrary to this a&: Aeooe half of the feid fines forfeitures and penalties and of every of than, to our fovereign lord the King, ana the other half to him or than ef the King’s fubje&s, which (hall feife the fame or pwfiie fa the fame by adbon of debt, by writ at the common law, or by bill or plaint after the cuftom of the city or town where tny fuch fines forfeitures or penalties (hall happen to fail or to be. And that the defendant in any fuch a&ion be not admitted to do or wage his law, nor no protection nor efloin in the Kkg’t fervicc (hall he for any fuch defendant allowed. This aft to indure from the laid feaft of Eafier till the end of two years that next following, and no kjngtr.

CAP. VI.

An a£I concerning

How much

ITEM, Habere as well our

___________ faid Jivereign lord the Kingi

have wbkh as other lords, knights, efquires, a	noth men of this noble

ot rw^ rea^m f/Tngland, have been heretofore greatly Jlortd of marks and games of j'wans in divers parts of this realm of England* until of late that divers keepers ef fwans have bought and made to them marks and games in the fens arid marfhes, and other placet , and under colour of the fame, and offur-veying and fear A for Jwans and cygnets for their lords and mafters, have jtolen cygnets, and put upon them their own mark, by which unlawful means the fubjiance of the fwans be in the hands and poj-feffion of yeomen and husbandmen, and other terfons of little reputation ; (2) wherefore it is ordained, eftablifhed, and enacted by our faidfovereignlord the King, with the afient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and at the fpecial petition and requeft of the commons, m the feud parliament aflembled, and by authority of the faid parliament, That no perfon, of what eftate, degree, or condition he be (other than the fon of our Sovereign lord the King) from the feaft of St. Michael

next

ITEM, pur ceo qe fibtes noftre dit foveraigne feigner le Roy come autres tdffun chivalers eflquiers & autits nobles hoinmes de ceft moire dEngleterre per cy detauct ount eftez graundement iepfe* nifties des markes & games des cignes es diverfes parties <k ceft rbialme dEngleterre, jef-

Suez ore tarde, qe diverfes preins des cignez ount achates 011 faitz as eux markes & games en les fennes Sc marines St autres lieux, et defouth colour dicelle, & de la farvei-aunce Sc fercheour pur ie cignes Sc cignettez pur lour feignw et maiftres ont etnbleez cignfi-tez & mifes fur eux lour propre marke, qe per tielx didoialx moiens la fubftaunce des dg> nes fount en les mayns & pof-feftion des vadlets Sl husbood-men St autres perfones de nient: pur ceo il eft ordegnes eftablies & enables per noftre dit foveraiene feignur le Roy, del aflent de les ditz feigners efoirkuelx & temporelx & a h elpecial inftaunce Sc repefte de les communes en ie dit par-lement aftembles, St per auc-torite.de mefme le parlemect, qp null perfone, de queleefote degree

Digitized by v^ooQle

or

sgtfee on condition il (bit, au- next coming, (hall have e qe fitz a noftre treffover-gne feignur le Roy, a la fefte e feint Michell prolchein veig-annt aiet ou pofTede afcun pel marke ou game de fon pro-re, ou afcun autre a fon oeps iet ou poflede afcun tiel marke u game, finoun il aiet terrez ►u tenementz del eftate de rank tenure al annuel value le v. marcs, ouftre toutz les xrnuel chargez. Et ouftre ceo je chefcune perfone ou per-ones ore eient ou eiauntz afcun iel marke ou game vende ou lone le mefme de ceux entre :y & la fefte de feint Michell nx>fcheinement veignaunt al >eps diceux as queux ils enfi errount venduz ou donez. Et Il aveigne afcun perfone ou serfones nient eiaunt afcune xjfleffion de les terres & tene-nents a le annuel value avaunt-lit davoir enjoier ou afcune-cnent pofleder, ou afcune autre il ufe ou al oeps diceux on af-:un de eux, davoir ou pofleder, afcurf tiel marke ou games puis le dit fefte $ qe lors il ferra li-cette au afcune desfubgietz noftre feignur le Roy, eiaunt terres

et tenementz a la dit valuer, de feifer les ditz cignettes ou cignes come forfaitz, dount le Roy avera lune moite, &celhiy qi celles feifera lautre moite.

CAP. VII.

4*3

poflefs any fuch mark or game of his own, or any other to hi* ufe (hall have or poflefs any fuch mark or game, except he have lands ami tenements of the eftate of freehold to the yearly value of five marks above all yearly charges. (3) And moreover. That every perfon or perfons now having any fuch mark or game, (hall fell or give the fame betwixt this and the feaft of St. Michael next coming, to the ufe of them to whom they (hall be fold or given; (4; and if it happen any perfon or perfons not having any pofleffion of lands or tenements to the (aid yearly value, or any other to have or poflefs lands to his or their ufe, to have or poflefs any fuch mark or game after the faid feaft, that then it (hall be lawful to any of the King’s fub- Any perron jefts, having lands or tene- having five ments to the faid value, to parks of free-feifethe faid fwans as forfeit j |lold'"ay/w whereof the King (hall have one half, and he that (hall feife the other half.

An aft far indofng of woods

ITEM, noftre dit feignur le Roy, confideraunt qe diver-fes fubgietz eiauntz bois cref-fant en lour propre foile deinz la forefte de Rokyngham, & autres foreftez et chacez decking fon roialme dEngleterre ou purleuez dicels, qi ount coupez lour ditz bois, pur ceo qe mefmes les fubgietz tie pur-roient avaunt ceft temps copier nenclofcr lour dit foile, pur favor

in forefls, chafes* and purlieus.

ITEM our faid lord /A*4lnft. 304* King, confining that divers fubjefls having woods growing in their own ground within the foreft of Rokingham, and other forefts and chafes within his realm of England, or purlieus of the fame, which have cut their find wood, tec&ufe the fame fubjefts might not before time cut nor in-clofe their faid ground* to Jove the young fprtng of their wood fo cut,

any

Digitized by

Google

4 64	Anno ricefimo fecundo Ebwardi IV. [148*.

any longer time than for threeyears% verle germede lour bois enfy (2) the fame youhg fpring hath coupez pluis longue que per been in times pajl% and daily is trois ans; mefque le germ? ad deftroyed with beafls and cattle of efte en temps pafte, & joumel-the fame forefty chafes, and pur- ment eft, deftruitez ovefqe lieuSy to the great hindrance, as beftes & chatelx mefme la fo-well of his faid fubje£lsy as of his refte, chacez, & purieuez, 1 8 Co. 137. drrr, verty andvenifon in their graund damage, libien as les coverty and otherwise likely to be ditz fubgiettes, come de fon the defineftion of the fameforejlsy dere, vert & venefon, en k>tf Woods felled chafes y and purlieus 5 ( 3) by the coverture & autrement, au vein any foreft, aflent of the lords fpiritual and rifemblable deftrudlion mefmes mavbe^n- temporal, and the commons, les forefts, chacez, & purleuo, dofed and in the faid parliament aflembl- per aflent des ditz feignurs cf kept feveral ed, and by the authority of the pirituelx & temporelx & fe> $ears* fame, doth ordain, eftablifti, communes en la dit parlance: | 13 El. c.C»cV ena^*> That if any of his aflemblez, & per au&orite d- , 5‘ fubje&s, having woods of his cellez, ordeigne enadle & elb own growing in his own blie, qe fi aicune de fes fob-ground, within any foreft, gietz eiaunt bois de fon proprt chafed or piurlieu of the fame, creffant en fon propre folk within this realm ‘ of England, deinz afeun forefte, chace, por-from the first day of this par- lieu del mefme, dedeinz foo liament, fhall cut, or caufe to roialme dEngleterre, a lepn-' be cut the fame wood, or part mer jour del dit parlorem. thereof, by licence of the King, face couper, ou caufe eftre Conor of his heirs, in his forefts, pez, mefme le bois, ou part;

Jafes, or purlieus, or without dicelje, per la licence du Roy, fcnee in the foreft, chafe, or ou de fes heires, en fes fordid xlieu of any other perfon, or chaces, ou purlieux, ou laurel make any (ale of the fame licence en la forefte, chace ou ^ wood; it (hall be lawful to purlieu, dautre perfone, ou * the fame fubjedts, owners of the face vend de mefme le bois; fame ground whereupon the foitil licette as mefmez les fob-wood lo cut did grow, and to gietz, pofleflours mefme le folk other fuch perfons to whom (ur quoy le bois enfi coupes fuch wood (hall happen to be cruft, & autres tielx perfona fold, immediately after the come mefme le bois aviendra wood fo cut, to cope and in- eftre venduz, immediat puis le clofe the fame ground with fuf- bois enfi coupez, a copier & ficient hedges, able to keep out encloifer mefme le fbile ovefqe all manner of beafts and cattle fufficeantz heies, ahkz de ex-forth of the fame ground, for cluder toutz maners beftez & the preferving of their young chatels hors mefme le foiJe, fpring; (4) and the fame hed- pur la falvatien de Iourgerroe, ges fo made, the faid fubjetts & mefmes les heiez enfi faitz| may keep them continually by les ditz fubgietz puiflent garder the fpace of feven years next eux continuelment per lefpact after the fame inclofing, and re- de fcpt ans profeheins apres pair and fuftain the fame as of- mefme lenclofure, & repairer ten as (hall need within the fame & fiifteiner fi foveot come bu-feven .	foignen

Digitized by LjOOQle

bignera dedeinz mefines les ept ans, fauns fucr dafcun au-re licence de luy ou fez heires, >u autres perfonez, ou afcun le lour officers mefmcs les fo-•eftez chacez ou purlieus.

feven years, whithout fying of any other licence of him, or of his heirs, or other perfons, or any of their officers of the feme foreft, chafes, and purlieus.

4ft

cap. vm.

Mercbandifes carried into or fetched out of Scotland, fhaU bo firfi brought to Berwick. The freemen of Berwick Jhall have to ferm the fijhing there.

ITEM, Our faid fovereign lord the King, for the furety of the - ... p , town of Berwick, and the marches of the fame, and to have Merchandifet :he fame town to be inhabited with great number of his faithful carried into, iege people, which would there abound and increafe by the re- or brought >air of merchants and merchandife, and exercife of tne fame, ?utdof lath by the affent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the &all be rommons in the faid parliament aflembled, and by authority of first brought he fame parliament ordained, ena&ed and eftablifhed, That to Berwick, rom the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptijl next coming, dl merchants which (hall carry or bring any merchandife out of Scotland, or the ifles of the fame, into this realm of England, or nto Ireland, or Wales, first (hall bring the feme merchandife o the faid town of Berwick: (2) and that none of the Kang’s iege people, nor any other perfon under the King’s obeyfence, hall buy any merchandife brought out of Scotland, and cairy the ame, or caufe to be carried into this realm of England, or any )ther place under the King’s obeyfence, but that the fame mer-rhandife be brought, fold and cuuomed at his faid town of Berwick, except to the city of Carlijle, and the ports or creeks per-aining to the weft marches. (3) And that no manner merchant, lenizen nor ftranger, under tne King’s obeyfence, (hall carry or ronvey to fell any manner merchandife of England, Ireland, or Vales, into Scotland, or the ifles of the feme, which be not un-Ler the King’s obeyfence ; (4) and that none under the King’s igeance and obeylance, fell any manner merchandife of Eng-and, Ireland or Wales, to any of the inhabitants of Scotland, or he ifles of the fame, in any place within England, Ireland or Vales, feving only at the faid town of Berwick and Carlijle afore-aid. (5) And that no merchandife (hall be (hipped in any reek or other place betwixt Tinmoutb and the faid town of Ber-vick, but only in the port or haven of the faid town of Berwick :

6) and that no perfon or perfons feving the burgeffes andfree-nen of the faid town of Berwick, (hall caufe any falmon to be M, which lhall be taken in the water of Tweed.	(7)	And	if

ny perfon or perfons offend, or do with any inerchanaife afore-ud, contrary to any of the (aid ordinances, the fame perfon or ►erfons (hall forfeit all the faid merchandife; (8) and that it hall be lawful to any of the King’s liege fubje&s to feife all fuch nerchandife fo forfeit, or elle to purfuc in his own name anac-Vol. III.	H h	tion

4 66 0

The merchants and freemen of Berwick (hall have to ferm the waters royal, and tiihings there.

Anno vicefimo feomdoEDWARfil IV. £1482.

tion of debt againft the fame perfon or perfons which fo fluii forfeit, containing the fum of the value of the faid goods : and in the fame action to have like procefs, judgment and execution, as is ufed in other actions of debt by the courfe of the King’i laws: (9) and that in none of the lame fuits and actions an' protection or effoin of the King’s fervice be allowed, nor any defendant admitted to do his law, ( to) and our lord the King to have as well the one half of all fuch merchandife forfeited and feifed, as the one half of all fuch fums of money which (hail be recovered by action in the form aforefaid, to purfue for tbc value of any fuch goods fo forfeited: and the perfon or perfons which (hall feife and purfue in the form aforefaid, to have th other half of the fame.

II. And by the faid authority it is ordained and enacted, Thar the merchants and freemen of the faid town, may of the grace ct our faid lord the King, have to ferm all the waters royal, ari fi filing places within the faid town of Berwick and feigniory of the fame paying for the fame as fuch as any other perfon will do; (2) and that the fame merchants and freemen, and every of them, may from henceforth have, occupy and enjoy to them, their heirs and fucceflors for ever all liberties, franchifes and cuftoms.

which at any time before pertained to the faid town, (3) and that they may (hip all manner goods and merchandises there, and carry them to what place or places, port or ports that they will, ana there difeharge, and the (ame recharge with com or any other visual or merchandifes, and bring the fame to the faid town of Berwick for victualling thereof.

III. Provided always. That this act, nor any other a&, made xjac. 1. c.28. or to be made in the faid parliament, do not extend nor be pre-* judicial to William biftiop of Durham, nor to his fucceflors, in or for any msainer thing pertaining, or in any wife belonging to him.

Thus end the Statutes made in tfye time of King Edwari the Fourth.

End of the Third Volume.

