A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLIC and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno duodecimo

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Fifth Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

---

Cap. 1. TO continue and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to continue the prohibition of the exportation of corn, grain, fneal, flour, bread, bif-ettit, and Jtarch; and aljb of the extraction of low wines and /pints frm wheat and wheat flour, for a farther time; and also to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time.

Cap. 2. To continue for a further time an act made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his frtfent Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, port, bacon, and butter* from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a latld tax, to be raised in Great Britain* for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

Cap. 4. for punishing mutiny and desertion \ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces, while on shore.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

Cap. 7. For explaining and amending an z& made in the seventh year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking tff the inland duty of one finding per pound weight upon alt black and Jtnglo teas sonfumtd in Great Britain; and for granting, drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland, and the British diminions in America, a limited time, upon such indemnification to be made in respect thereof be the East India Company as is therein mentioned, for permitting the exportation of teas in smaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the said dominions in America; and for preventing teas, seized and condemned from being eonfumei in Great Britain; and for settling certain doubts and dilputes which have arisen upon the said act of parliament.

Cap. 8. To explain and amend an act passed in the tenth year of his present Msyefly's reign, for paving, lighting, and watching the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon> and for regulating the carmen and porters within the said town.

Cap. 9. To enable the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level$ to borrow upon bonds further money, upon account of the middle and south levels, part of the said great level; and for establishing a further certain fund, for payment of the bond soft he said corporation, out of the said middle and south levels.

Cap. 10. For allowing further time for Inrolment of deeds and trills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. ii. For the better regulating the future marriages of the royal family.

Cap. 12. For further continuing two acts, made in the sixth and nipth years of his Majesty's reign, for punishing mutiny and djefertion, apd for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty's dominions in America.

Cap. 13. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

Cap. 14. For cleaning, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the fever?] rivers emptying themselves into the said haven 5 and for preserving ships wintering therein from accidents by fire.

Cap. ic. For lighting, cleaning, and watching, the: streets, lories, and other pailages, of the burgh of Cavongate, and the liberties of fihafance at)d Lfith-wyndy adjoining to the royalty of the city of Edinburgh.

Cap. 16. For deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the harbour of Port Glasgowrfot enlarging and improving thp quays and pjers, for crccting new breads, jettees, and piers, and for regulating ships, lighters, and other vessels,

trading

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fading.into and going out of the (kid harbour; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 17. For lighting such part of the town of Jflington as lies in the parish of Saint mary9 IJHnglon, in the County of Middlesex; and ferestablishing a regular nightly ttattft therein.

Cap. 18. For the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watch* ing, the Greets and lanes in the tow*n and parish or Chatham, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances thefein.

Cap. 19. To enable h?s Majesty to grant certain houses in Fcrubwrcb-Jireet and Addle-fir nt, in the city of London, escheated to the crown by the death of lieutenant-general John Brown, without heir, unto Frederick Montagu cfqaire, and his heirs, upon the tfufts therein mentioned.

Cap. 10. For the more effectual proceeding against persons (landing mote on thfeir arraignment for felony, or piracy

Cap. 21. For giving relief in proceedings tiport writs of Mandamus for the admHIion of freemen into corporations; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 22. For deepening, cleanfibg, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the harbour of AjY\ for enlarging and improving the quays and piers; for erecting docks, breads, jettees, and pien^and for regulating ships, lighters, and other veflSIs, trading into and going out of the said harbour; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 23. For the relief of insolvent debtors; and for indemnifying the marshal of the King's Bench prison from prosecution* at law, for certain escapes from the said prison.

Cap. 24. For the better securing and preserving his Majesty's dock yards, magazines, ships, ammunition, and stores.

Cap. 25. For the more effectual vetting in the royal hospital 2t Greenwich the forfeited and unclaimed mares of naval officers, teamen, and marines, in prizes t?ken from the enemy; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 26. For imbanking, draining, and preserving* certain fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Ramfejy in the county of Huntingdon; and in the parishes of Doddington, March, Ben* irirf, fVtmblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge; and for amending the road from a certain bridge in the parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a drain called Vermuy den's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge* in the said parish of Ramsey.

Cap. 27. To amend and render more'effectUal an act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual draining and pre- crSing of several fen lands, and field hnds9 in the bounds and precinfls^Whittlesey, in the Me of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, so taras thfe same relates to the several fen and field lands lying in the third, fourth, and fifth did riels, described in the said act.

Cap1. iX. To* enlarge thl cdernctery'or churdh-yard, of the parish of Watford, in the county of Hertford, and to make an a 2 ad-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

additional building to the present workhouse, for the reception of the poor of the said parish; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 29. To explain and amend an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking down and removing certain light-houses now Jianding near the Spurn Point*, at the mouth of the Humber $ and for erecting otter ft and convenient light-houses instead thereof

Cap. 30. For the further augmentation of the salaries of the justices of Chefer, and the great sessions for the counties in Wales.

Cap. 31. To indemnify such persons as have omitted, to qua* lify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes$ and, to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or xnistaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped, and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

Cap. 32. For allowing the free importation of rice into this kingdom, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 33. For allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, rye, xye meal, and Indian corn, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 34. To amend an act of the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a workhouse in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the city of Westminster, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 35. For enabling their Majesties to enfranchise copyhold lands holden of the manor of Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and for enabling his Majesty to (hut up a lane leading from Richmond Green to the river Thames, and to fell and exchange certain lands within the manors of Richmond and Wimbleton.

Cap. 36. For compleating a building intended for a new church or chapel at Richmond, near Everton, in the county palatine of Lancaster 5 and for other purposes.

Cap. 37^ For draining and preserving certain commons, low grounds, and cars, in the parish of Market Wtighton, and other adjacent parishes in the east riding of the county of York; and for making a navigable cut or canal from Market Weighton to the river Humber.

Cap. 38. For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the squares, streets, rows, lanes, alleys, and other publick passages and places, within the parish of Christ Church, in Middlesex; and for removing nuisances and obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said parifln Cap., 39*

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap. 39. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy* two.

Cap. 40. For amending and rendering more effectual an act, nude in the tenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for balding a new parish church, and declaring the present parish Jxrcb a chapel; for mating, a cemetery or churchward; and for butting an house for the use of the mimjier of the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 41. For building a bridge over the river Thames, near the town of Maidenhead, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 42. For settling and determining what parts of the preempt of the Savoy, in the county of Middlesex^ shall be under the survey of the court of exchequer, and what parts thereof under the survey of the duchy of Lancaster.

Cap. 43. For veiling Ely House % in 'Nolbourn, in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and for applying the purchase-money, with another sum therein mentioned, in the purchasing of a freehold piece of ground in Dover Street* and in the building and fitting up another house thereon, for the future residence of the bishops of £/y, and the surplus to the benefit of the fee; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 44. To enable his Majesty to grant the reversion or remainder in fee-simple, now veiled in his Majesty, of and in an annual or fee-farm relit of one hundred and thirteen pounds, one of the several fee-farm rents granted to the right honourable Edward, heretofore earl of Sandwich^ by his late majesty King Charles the Second, unto the honourable James Archibald Stewart, and his heirs, upon a full and adequate confederation to be given by him, or his heirs, for the same.

Cap. 45. For the better regulation of carters, carriages, and loaded horses; and for removing obstructions and nuisances upon the streets and highways within that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 46. For the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excise, with respect to tea, soap, low wines, and spirits.

Cap. 47. To continue an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An efi to prevent the committing offrauds by bankrupt and for making frevijton for discharging bankrupt in certain cases, from their imprisonment.

Cap. 48. For the more effectual preventing of frauds in thq stamp duties, upon vellum, parchment, paper, and cards.

Cap. 49, To explain and amend an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for altering the stamp-duties upon policies of a]fursmee\ and for reducing the allowance to be made in respect of the prompt payment of theftamp- iuties on licencos for retailing beer* ale9 and other exeifiable liquors 5 fid for explaining and amending federal alls of parliament relating to

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

hackney coaches and chairs j fe far as the same relates to hackney $qacb«s.

C % p. 50. Fdr the encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of fqeh bark (ha)I exceed a certain rate, for a limited time.

C^p* 51- For continuing ao act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the further spread-ipg of contagious difordec among the homed cattle in Great Britain.

Cap. 5a* To enable the lords coaunUBoners of his Majesty's treasury to order and allow, out of the money arising by the cqipagg doty, a certain sum therein mentioned, foe the expences of proftenting qfienders against the laws relating to the coin, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy, over and above the sum yearly allowed foe that service.

Cap. 53. To enable the lords of the treasury to discharge the executors of lady Anne Jekyll from a debt doe to his Majesty, for the qfe of the sinking fund, upon payment of the lame into the exchequer.

Cap. 54. For the more effectually securing a quantity of oak {rnibcg for the use of the royal navy.

Cap. 55. For preventing frauds and drafts, in relation to the trade carried on between Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap. 56. T0 continue several laws relating to the allowance upon thq exportation of British-made gunpowder; to the giving further encouragement foe the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign fail cfoth; to the granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty's fagar Colonies, directly into foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to die free importation 1 of cattle from Ireland; and to the regulating, the fees of officers j of the customs, and naval officers in America.

Cap. 57. To explain and amend so much of an ?&, made in ihe sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the establishment of lazarets.

Cap. 58. For the' further encouragement of the herring fishery on the coasts of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the bounties upon the British white herring fisher, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

Cap. 59. For veiling io his Majesty certain hereditaments at Richmond[ in the county of Surrey, belonging to Catherine vif-qountefe Fitxwilliamy 'and held by lease from the crown; and for veiling the freehold and inheritance of certain leasehold and copyhold hereditaments at Richmend aforesaid in trustees, and their heirs, in trust.for the said Catherine viscountess FtzwiKamy sp a part of the compenfttion for the same, and for other purposes therein mentionedu

Cap. 60,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6d. For granting a drawback of part of the qultoms up-'on the exportation of tea to Ireland, and the British dominions va Amenta; for altering the drawback upon foreign sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the bounty. on the exportation of British'made cordage; for allowing th? importation of rice from the British plantations into the ports of Bristol, Liverpoole, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for fcn'medi-ite exportation to foreign parts; and to impower the chief ma«> giUrate of any corporation to administer the oath, and grant the certificate required by law, upon the removal of certain goods t? London, which have been sent into the country for sale.

Cap. 6?. To regulate the making, keeping, and carriage of gunpowder, within Great Britain; and to repeal the laws heretofore made for any of those purposes.

Cap. 62. To enable the lord bishop of Durham, and his fuc* cessors, to raise a competent sum of money, to be applied for the repairing, improving, or rebuilding such part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the fee of Durham.

Cap. 63. For redeeming one million five hundred thousand pounds of the capital flocks of three Rounds per centum annuities, in the manner, and on the terms therein mentioned$ and for eftaMishing a lottery.

Cap. 64. For building two new chapels, and providing burial places thereto. Within the town of Birmingham, in the county of fPerwidi.

Cap. 65. To extinguish the right of common upon an acre of ground called Irhite Lyon, or Hangman's Acre, in Saint* Georg/s Fields, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 66. For the more cafy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough and foreign of Kidderminster, in the parish of Kidderminster, in the county of Werfefter.

Cap. 67. For incorporating the members of a society, commonly called The Marine Society, and their fticceflors, to be c-le&edas therein is mentioned, and for the better impowering* and eoabling them to carry on their charitable and useful designs. Cap. 68. For the better relief and employment of the poor, within that part of the parish of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the county of Affddlesex \ and for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the squares, meets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, and open passages and places, within the same \ and for removing annoyances therefrom; and for making the communication between Charter-koufe Square and Saint "John Street, through Charter-house Lane, more convenient.

Cap. 69. For paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the streets and other publick places within such part of the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, as lies on the well side of Tottenham-court Bond-, and for preventing nuisances and obstructions therein; and for obliging the trusteea for the care of the said road to pave, repair, and cleanse such. pan of the fai<} road as is therein described.

Cap. 7p, Fqt gfsuiting to his Majesty a certain fiira of money a*cut

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and for further appropriating the fttp- plies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders loft, burnt, or destroyed.

Cap. 71. For the repealing several laws therein mentioned Jtgainst badgers, engrossers, forestallers, and regrators, and for indemnifying persons against prosecutions for offences committed against the said aIts.

Cap. 72. For rendering the payment of the creditors of inlbl-yent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the 'diligence of the law by arrestoient and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to promissory notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and promissory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 73. For the better regulation of buildings and party walls yrithih the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof, and other the parishps, precincts, and places within she weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Sains Luke at ChelfeOy in the county of Middlesex\ and for the better preventing of mischiefs by fire within the said cities, liberties, parishes, precincts, and places 5 and for amending and reducing the laws relating thereto into one altj and for other purpose*.

Cap. 74. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcombe corner, in the parish of Winterflow, to fiarnbam Bridge, in the county of Wilts \ and from the west Corner of Saint Anne's Strees, in the city of New Sarum, to the parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Tejlwoody to Ealing aforesaid, in t the county of Southampton 5. andt for repairing and widening the road from the Rumsey and Ringwood turnpike road, near the house of Francis Fry % to Liniburjl; and from a place called Hampton Ford\ to Lamb's Corner, in the said county of Southampton; and for repairing the footways within the said city.

Cap. 75. For making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to or near Middle-ivieh and Nantwicby in the county of Chester.

Cap. 76. For enlarging the term and powers of an act for repairing and widening the road from the city of Norwich tp Scole-bridge > in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 77. To amend an act of the fixtl> year of the reign of his present Majesty, M for repairing and widening the stone f' bridge, in the town of Shrewsbury and for appropriating part of the tolls collected upon certain roads leading to the said bridge towards finishing the same; and for granting additional 4crms to the several alts for repairing the said roads.

...'Cap. 78.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 78. For repairing and widening several roads from Al-iermofim, in the county of Berts, to Basingstoke, and from Al- hrmaflm aforesaid to the turnpike road from Basingstoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the turnpike road leading to Wiubefier at Popham Lane, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 79. For the more effectual assessing and collecting of the rates for relief of the poor in the parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopf-in the liberties of the city of London.

Cap. 80. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an a St, made in the tenth year of his present Majfe-fiy, for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint Edmunds to the town of Newmarket, in the counties of Sufilk and Cambridge; and from the south end of the Ferry-Stmt, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds3 in the said county of SttftiL

Cap. 81. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twenty-third year of the; reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for improving the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancaster, in the county palatine or Lancaster.

Cap. 82. For repairing and widening several roads leading through the county of Lanerl, and for building a bridge oves the river Clyde, at or near a place called the Howford, in the said county.

Cap. 83. To continue and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the towns of Inverkgithing and Kinross, to the town of Perth; and also the road from the said Queen's Ferry to the towns of Dum-firmline, Torryburn, and Culrofs\ and also the road from the said Queens Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland, and KirOdie.

Cap. 84. To continue and render more effectual several acts for repairing the roads from the parish of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Hertford, and other roads in the said act mentioned; and also for repairing the road from the end of the town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the hid county of Hertford.

Cap. 85. For repairing and widening the road from the end of the present turnpike* road from BeJjelfieigh to Hunger ford, in the county of Berks, to Ledford, other wise Soupy Water, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 86. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the feond year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing, widening, and altering several roads leading from Tavfiock to Btymtutb, ?nd other places in the county of Devon; and for repairing and widening the road from the guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Afattbny-street and Lower Brock-street, to Chcrrjbrook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Calling-ten turnpike road to Morwellham and New Quay, in the said cpymy,

pap.87.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 87. For building a bridge croft the river from Greet

Oufebarn to /flduierk, in the county of

Cap. 88. To continue and render more effectual two several acts for repairing the roads leading from the town of Manthester, in the county of Laneasier, through the town of under

Unit and parUh of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brick, in the county palatine of Chefitr.

Cap. 89. To continue and render more effectual (event aft* for repairing the highways between and Hocillfft, in

the county of Bedford-, and from the sign of the Whitt to the sign of the King's Arms in Hetkliffe aforesaid; and also for making provision for the more effectual repairing the road leading from the sign of the Waggon and to the Bull Im in

Dunjlableaforesaid.

Cap. 90. For repairing and widening the road from the west end of Saint Ives Lane, in- the town of Saint Neats, in the county of Huntingdon, to the pavement at the end of Bell, in

the town of Cambridge.

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the rood the veick road near Solihull, to the guide port in; and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid road on BalfaU Commit, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 93. To continue, amend* and render more effecttxd, an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Tunbridge in the county of

Kent-, to Swift's Den, in the parish of Ettbingham, and from

Frantto Pofjingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the turnpike road there, leading loBlaci Boys, in the county of Suffer.

Cap. 93. For repairing and widening the toad from the turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the parilfr of Dunsfori, in the county of Devon, to Cherrybreoji, in the forest of in the said county.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading to, througly, and from the town of Frome, in the county of j and several Other

roads in the counties of Somerset and Writs.

Cap. 95. For repairing and amending the road from Beerfreet Gates, in the city of Norwich, to New Buekenbam, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 96. For repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Burlton, in the county of through to

Llanymynteh, in the same county, and from to the east

end of the Llanriader road, and frotatt Place Carrirf Lane to the turnpike road from Llanymynecb to Oswestry near Coid Moun-

tain, and from Oswestry turnpike road on Knotkin Heath, to the east end of Knockin Lane.

Cap. 97. For repairing and widening the roads from the confines of the county of Berwick, at or near Walls to

Compton's Lanes, and Eymcutb, and from the town of Eedes to

Eyrriouth, and froth Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the

county of Berwidt. 1

Cap. 98;

A TA BLE of th? STATUTES,

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road leading from the east end of the bridge across the river Ouze, in Downbam Market, to the Sfyeen's Head; and from the Chequer Inn, in Dnunbm Market aforesaid, to the east end of the Two Aple Close* in the parish of Barton, and towards Watlon, to a place called Tit Devils Ditch, in the county of Norfolk $ and far flopping up the road leading from Stradfel\ through Barton Layes, toward* W&tim,

Cap. 99. R>r enlarging the term and powers of two acts. made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the parishes of Saint Luke and Sqiftt Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex. \ % k

Cap. 100. For building a temporary bridge over the river Tjne* between the town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead> in the county of Durham.

Cap. 101. To continue the term, and vary the powers, of fa much of an act, made in the twejity-first year or the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from SyUot) Coldfield Com-and several other roads, therein described, in the county of Stcfsrd, as rerates to the Wolverhampton, disttidl of roads.

Cap. 102. For repealing certain provisions in two of par-? foment, so far as the Came relate tq repairing the highways irk the parish of Saint Mary Maifeloh, otherwise Whitechapel, in the county of Middlefitx i and for raising money for repairing tho; laid highways. r

Cap. 103. For the better pfefervation of theg^qat baqk of the^ hmlVelknd, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cowl ft, Pea-lill^ QroutkutL and PeakirJL, ai^ for, makingai^ keeping in repair a road thereon, and from thence to the village of Glenton* in the counties of Lincoln and Northampton.

Cap. 104. To explain and amend an act of the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Bejleifleigh, through Wantage to Hunger/ord, in the county of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wattingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Red House^ upon Wantage Dawns* and from thence to Lambourh, in tb* said county of Berks.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and altering the ro^d*, leading from Criclhowel, in the county of Brecon, to the Cross. Hordi, beyond New Inn, in the turnpike road between the city of Hereford and R°fh and from a place called The Lower Cuffs Wajs, in the parish of Saint Maughans, to the town of Grofo ymnt, in the county of Monmouth; and from a smith's (hop at Stonten, in the parish of Llanvihangell, to Chapel a Fine, in the fane county; and from the turnpike road, in the parish of, V/djb Newton, in the county of Hereford, to Ponttanajl % in the parish of Cluddoci, in the said.county.

Cap. 106.. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of so much of two a#s, made in the twenty-sixth and, f twenty-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fcwenty-seventh years of King George the Second, for repairing' several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, as relates to that part of the road from the city of Glasgow to the town of Dumbarton, which leads through the county to the town of Dumbarton*

Cap. 107. For repairing and widening the road from the forty-eight mile-done, in the parKh of Cardington, in the present turnpike road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barjord Bridge; and for continuing a road from thence to the great northern road, near Temsford Bridge, in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 108. For repairing and widening the roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton turnpike road, near Ropjey, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 109. For making and keeping in repair a road or passage for horses, on the banks of the river Severn, between Bezud/ey Bridge and a place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for haling and drawing vessels along the said river $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. no. For enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, and the twenty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several roads leading from Birmingham, through the town of Wednesbury, to a place called High BuUen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the end of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the townfiup of Bilson; and from Greet Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinford $ and to the further end of Brittel Lane, in the counties ot Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester.

"1 -1 -

PRIVATE ACTS.

1, A Nafl for naturalizing Diederick Mtyerbojf,

A 2. An act for naturalizing John Pool.

3. An act for naturalizing John Henry Gentil.

4. An act for naturalizing Francis Darius Laudumiey.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields* meadows, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of North Crawley, in the county of Bucks.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and Waste grounds, within the manor of Claret on with Coney fir of, and a piece of waste ground, called Shortfill, in the manor of AUor-ton with Flaxby, all in the county of York.

7. An act to enable Henry Peyton esquire, (lately called Henry Dashwood,) and his issue, toufe the furoatne and arms of Peyton* pursuant to the will of fir Thomas Peyton, baronet, deceased.

8. An act for naturalizing Peter fewis Dt let Rive, and Francis' Men et.

9. An act for naturalizing fames Samttfl Jequier.

10. An act for sale of a capital* freehold messuage in Saint James, Square, in the county of Middlesex, part of the entailed estate of the right hopourable Allen lord Bathurst, untq fir Wat-

kin

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

ha Williams Wynne, baronet, pursuant to an agreement; and for settling an estate in the county of Northampton, of gifetter value, kilieu thereof.

11. An act for annulling and making void certain articles of agreement, made previous and in order to the marriage of Gary Wilson esquire, and Anno Sybellehis now wife, and fhd settlcmenc made after their marriage, in pursuance of the said t ankles, in confirmation of a decree and order of the high court of chancery.

12. An act for establishing and regulating a charity, called Ftxlej Charity, in the county of Northampton, founded by lady Catharine Leveson.

13. An act for inclosing the common fields, break lands, half-year lands, lammas meadows, heaths, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Roudbam, in the county of Norfolk.

14. An act for' dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields and commonable places, in the parish of Skeffington, and county, of Leicester.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the common fields, half-year inclosures, and commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Fintbam, in the county of Norfolk.

16. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds within the manor of Great Ormftde, in the parish of Ormfide, in the county of Westmoreland.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, and waste lands and grounds, in the township of Scafmorth, in the county of Nottingham.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Woolley, in the county of Huntingdon.

19. An act for allotting, dividing and inclosing, the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands and grounds, and common or waste land, of and within the manor of Little Kington, Combrooke apd Bpqkhamptoir, in the county of Warwick.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the several moors, or commons, called Rigg Moor and Brearton Moor, within the minor of Brearton, in the parish of Knartjborough, in the'eoun? ty of York.

21. An act for dividing apt] inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the hamlet of Defbanger, in the parish of Pajfenbam, in the county of Northampton,

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable places, in the parish of Handborough, in the county of Oxford.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and liberties of Salbuij, with the hamlet of HqUindqtt^ in the county of Bucks*

24, An

A TAfeLE of the STATUTES.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons Sind waste grounds, within the manor of Rushton James, in the parish of Lrri, in the county of Stafford.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, ings, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the manor of Moorby atm JVilkfbj % in the townftups of Moorby and Wiltfby^ in the county of Lincoln.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds, and (tinted patturc, within the manor of Sandford, in the parish of War copy in the county of Westmoreland.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds, within the liberty of Buxton, in the parish of BaktwtUy and county of Derby.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, within the parish of Manton, in the county of Rutland.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, and dommonable places, in the parish, lordship, or liberties, of Low Toynton, in the county of Lincoln.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common field, and commonable lands in the township, liberties, and precincts, of Epwell, in the county of Oxford\

31. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the open

common fields, commonable lands, and meadow ground, within the manor and parish of Great Farringdon9 in the county of Berks.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable meadows, pastures, and grounds, within the parish of Cavenbam, in the county of Suffolk.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, moors, and common pastures, in the lordship of Middle Raifm, in the county of Lincoln.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and waste grounds, within the township of FoUifooty in the county of York.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing all the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of Stainby, in the county of Lincoln.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and chiriirionable lands, within the parish of Qfintariy in the county of Gloucester, '37. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable lands, within the precincts of the hamlet of Tbrockmorton, in the county of Worcester.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common arable fields, and the common meadows, pasture grounds, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Pollings Babiy lVhitley % and IPbitley Thorpe, Great Hecky and Little Hecky in the parishes of Snaiih and Kellington, in the county of York.

_ 39'. An act for dividing and inclosing the open aftd common - fields, in the parish of Hammeringhanty in thq.fiounty of Lincoln.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing all the open fields,

xnea«

A f ABLE of the $f AfUTEiS.

meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of Stapleford, in the county of LeiceJUr.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and commonable lands, within the parish of Kemerton % in the county of Gloucester.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing a moor, called Carlton or Common, and an open Geld, called the Town Field, m

the manor and town ship of Carlton % in the parish of Guifely, in the west riding of the county of York.

4} An act to dissolve the marriage of the right honourable Eiwri viscount Ligonier with Penelope Pitt; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

44. An act to dissolve the marriage of sir John Colleton, baronet, with Ann Fullford, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes rherein mentioned.

45. An act to dissolve the marriage of Hugh Leivis with Sufaq-nob Hole, otherwise Health his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

46. An act to dissolve the marriage of Ambrose Godfrey, Hand* viitZy with Dorothy AJbcroft, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

47. An act for making the exemplification of the last will and testament of James Macartney esquire, deceased, evidence in all the courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

48. An act to enable Mary and William Hutton, and the other person therein described, to take and use the surname, arms, and crest, of Longy pursuant to the will of James Long> deceased.

49. An act to enable Reginald Pole, esquire, to take, use, and bear, the surname and arms of Carew9 pursuant to the will of fir Coventry Carew, baronet, deceased.

50. An act for naturalizing Arnold Meyer % Peter Boetefeur % John GottkelfJ Rucker > and John Adam Guth.

51. An act for naturalizing/* Luke Ifelin.

52. Aif act for naturalizing Conrad Rucker.

53. An act for raising out of the estates, late of Ann Nugent, deceased, the sum of ro, oooo/. for the benefit of the right honourable Robert Craggs9 lord viscount Clare y in the kingdom of Ireland, her late husband 5 and for raising out of the estates, late of Eliza-tnbEWoty deceased the like sum of 10, 0001. for the benefit of Eiword Elliot esquire, in recompence and satisfaction to the said Robert lord viscount Clare and Edward Elliot, for their several Jy confirming to give up and relinquish certain powers of leafing for lives, or years determinable on lives, reserved to them respectively, in and by the several last wills of them the said Ann Xtiftnt and Elizabeth Elliot, and the settlements which have been made in pursuance thereof; and for vaeating, annulling, and utingwshing, the said powers of leasing; and for other the purposes therein expressed.

54. An act for granting to William Jones esquire, on certain contingencies therein mentioned, a term for ninety- nine years, if he shall so long live, in the real estates, late of William Jesus

esquire.

a f able of the Statutes*

esquire, deceased, in the several counties of Wilts and Berts, up* on such terms as are therein tnentionedw

55. An act for vesting certain lands and tenements, in the county of Southampton* late the estate of John Mills esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold j and for applying the money arising from the sale thereof towards discharging his debts and legacies.

56. An act for vesting the freehold and leasehold estates of jidward Holden Cruttenlien, esquire, deceased, in the pariQies of Putney and Roebamptoni in the county of Surrey, id trustees for the purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act to amend and enlarge the powers and authorities given to George Piefcbi Heneage esquire, by an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled "An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields and grounds within the parish of Benniworth, in the county of Lincoln" to charge certain lands and hereditaments, parcel of the manor of Benniworth, in the county of Lincoln, of which be it now Arid tenant for life, with a Certain sum of money, for reimbursing to him the expences which he has been at in the inclosing the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, commons, and common grounds, within the hamlet of Barleythorpe, in the parish of Oakham, in the county of Rutland.

59. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and wade lands, within the manor and parish of Kingsnorton, in the county of Worcester.

60. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, meadow, pasture, common, and walle grounds, within the liberties of Ockbrook, in the county of Derby.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and walle grounds, within the township of Welton, in the call riding of the county of York.

62. An act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Certain parcel of land, called or known by the name of The Cotv Paflun, lying in the south fen, in the psirish of Bourn> in the county of Lincoln; and for amending and rendering more effectual an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, C€ An act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining, several open and common fields, meadows, walle and fen grounds, within the manor and parish of Bourn, in the county of Lincoln?

63. An act for dividing, and inclosing the several open fields, lands, and grounds, within the township of SiggleJihornCy in Holderness, in the eall riding of the county of York.

64. An act for draining the low grounds and carrs, lying in the several parishes, town ships, and places, of Key\nghams Key-ingham Marsh, Ryhill, and Camerton, BurJl wick, and Shecklingi Burton Piijeay and Ridgmont, Ottringbanty Halsham, Owjlwick, Roofs, Rimswell, Tunstall, IVaxholme, EIJienwick, Lelley, Humble-ten, Fitling, Hiljion, Carton, Albrough, Flinton, and Tanfitrnt, within the feigntory of Holdernefsy and east riding of the county of York

6j. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

65. An act for dividing and inclosing such part of the coot* mons and waste lands, in the parish of Tardehigg as lies in the county of Worcester.

66. An act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows^ pafuires, lands, and grounds, and common or waste land, within the parish of Saint Nicholas, in the manor of Warwicht in the county of Warwick.

67. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons,i: hin the manor, parish, and liberties of Bampton in the county of Huntingdon.

68. An act to confirm and establish an indenture of agreement, for dividing and inclosing several fields, lands, and grounds, in the manor and parish of Gnat Paunton, in the county of Lincoln % and for dividing and inclosing several other common fields, heath* and waste grounds, in the same manor and parish.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the township and parish of Wilton, in the county of Lincoln.

70. An act for inclosing the open common fields* and a common of pasture, and other commonable lands and waste grounds* in the manors and parishes of Kimble and Pool, in the county of Wilts,

71. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lailds^ and grounds, in the lordship of Wifi Halton, in the county of

Lincoln.

72. An act to dissolve the marriage of Richard Draper with Elizabeth Hartnell^ his now wife; and to enable him to marry again j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

73. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Siinn with Ann Shinn, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again $ and for other purposes theftin mentioned.

74. An act for naturalizing Henry Fronds Sellon.

75. An act for naturalizing John Boufquet.

76. An act for naturalizing John Louis Lauder.

77. An act for naturalizing Jaquts Louis Pourtalis,

78. An act for vesting in the most noble Augufius Henry dubs of Grafton, and his heirs, the manor, or reputed manor, and redory and parsonage appropriate, Pott erfpury, otherwise Eofi-

fury, in the county of Northampton, (except the presentation to the advowson of the church there,) and certain messuages, lands, tithes, and hereditaments, situate and arising in the same county, the estate of Robert Bryiges, esquire, a lunatic; and for vesting in Thomas Hancox esquire, and his heirs, a certain wood and wood land, called Dartvell otherwise Dotvel Wood, in the county of Gloucester, also the ellate of the said lunatic, on payment, by the said duke and Thomas Hancox, of their respective purchase money, in such manner, and for such purposes, as in the said act is mentioned. - 1

79. An act for vesting the legal estate apd interest of and in VoL. XXIX, b ccr-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

certain freehold hods at Adderbury, in the county of Oxford, now Vetted in Charles Tewnjbend ciquire, an infant truttee, in the most noble Hoary duke of Buttleugh \and his heirs, and in certain copyhold lands in Kenneth Mackenzie esquire, and his heirs, ii\ trust for the said duke, and his heirs.

8o» An ato enable the right honourable John earl of with, and the honourable John Mcommonly called lord viscount Hinthinbrook, and the survivor of them, to grant leases

Of the counted of Semdwidfs moiety of ettates in the counties of Ardmagb and Limerick, in the kingdom of Ireland.

81. An act to impower certain persons to enfranchise several

customary lands and hereditaments, parcel of the several manors of Brampton, Far lam. Upper Denton, Nether, -

thing ton, Laver (dale. Newly, AJkerton, Warttn, Wood,

fiayton turn trttton, CarkttonCefile, Cumrew, Bktckenth-

ptaite, and Newbiggen, within the barony, or.reputed barony-of

Gilstand, in the county of Cumberland, late the estate of Henry

pari.of CarUfie, deeeaied, and settled to certain uses by the will of the said Henry earl of Car life; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

82. An act for.vesting in fir GeoColebrooke baronet, and his heirs, so much of the manor or lord ship of Stebunheath, otherwise Stebmbith, otherwise. Stepney, in the county of part of the estate of the said fir George Colebrooke, as is limited and settled In aaid.by an act of parliament; which passed in the second year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third; and for settling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof; andlfo for vetting other settled ettates of the said fir George Colebrooke,

In the counties of Middlesex «nd Surrey, in trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned.

83. An act to enable trustees, with the consent of the persons claiming under the-will of Edward esquire, to cut down

and fell timber, upon the settled ettates of the said Shelley,

In the county of Sussex; and to invest the-monies arising therefrom in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the said will, and other purposes.

84. An act to enable the governors, and afliftantsto the said governors, in the rule and government of the said possessions, revenues, and goods, of the free grammar school of Elizabeth queen of England, in the town of AJbeburne, in the county of Derby, in their corporate capacity; and the said governors and sffistants, as trustees of fix ahn-houses in AJbeburne aforesaid, founded and endowed by Christopher Pegg esquire, deceased; to convey certain lands and possessions of the said school and alms-ihouses respectively, in the parishes of and,

in the said county, to Henry Gladwin, of in the said

county, esquire, in exchange for other lands, in the parish of Brailtford, in the said county, of greater value, to be conveyed to, and held by them respectively, to the uses, and upon the trutts, therein mentioned.

*85. An act for impowering and enabling the trustees named in 3 the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the settlement made on the marriage of Daniil Danvers esquire, and Mery his wife, or the survivors or forvivor of them, or the heirs of such survivor, to make fate of certain leasehold estate*, vested in them upon divers trusts, mentioned in the said settle* went j and to lay out the money arising from such file in the purchase of other estates, to be settled in such manner as the said JealeboJd estates (land settled.

86. An act for vesting.a messuage, with the appurtenances, in

LtMury, within 4he city of Lenden in trustees, to be sold; and

fcrpurchafing another messuage, or lands, to be settled to the like uses.

87. An act. for veiling the settled estate of IVtiliam Relied esquire, in the county of Hertford, in trustees, in trust.to sell and convey the lame to James King esquire, and his heirs, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and heredity ments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same uses.

88. An act for enabling Henry Blundell esquire, tenant for life onder settlement, to carry into execution articles of agreement between him and the right honourable the earl of Sefton, for the' exchange of divers, messuages, lands, and hereditaments, comprised in such settlement, for other messuages, lands, and here-d, laments of the said earl j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

89. An act to enable the guardians of the infant children of the honourable Mary Sandy:, deceased, to make leases of their settled estates in England and Ireland, during their respective minorities.

90. An act to enable the trustees of the estate of Henry Smith

esquire, deceased, to apply certain sums of money to the relief of his poor kindred, and to enable the said trustees to grant building leases of an estate, in the parishes of Chtlfta, and Saint

Mertin in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex.

91. An act to impower William Hulten esquire, to charge hie settled estates in the county of Lantajitr, or same parts thereof, with one thousand two hundred pounds, and three thousand pounds, for the purposes therein mentioned; and also to grant leases of certain pans of his said estates.

92. An act for veftfng the manors, lands, and tenements, both freehold and leasehold, comprised in the marriage settle* ment of Charles Baldwyn esquire, in trustees to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses which are now foblifting with regard to the said freehold settled estate.

91. An act for vesting the settled estates, and unsettled estates, of Jtlm Gardner Korneys esquire, in trustees, in trust, by sale, or mortgage, to raise money to pay off portions and debts, and redeem annuities charged upon and affecting the same; and for resettling the remainder thereof, and the lands to be purchased v in the said act is directed, to the uses to which the Aid settled (to do now Hand settled and limited*

ba 94* Aa

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

94. An act to vest in the trustees named in the will of Francis Basset esquire, deceased, such like powers of leafing and granting fctts of, and on, the estates comprised in the settlement made upon the marriage of John Pendarves Basset esquire, deceased, as by the said settlement were given to the trustees therein named.

95. An act for vesting part of the estates late of Elizabeth Pearce, widow, deceased, and William Hall esquire, otherwise Pearce, her eldest son, in trustees, to be sold, for payment of the portions of her younger children, and other incumbrances; and for settling other part of her estates to the same uses j and for other purposes.

96. An act for making a partition of divers manors, messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the several counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, EfftXy Surrey, and Middlesex, and in the city of London; and of four-fifth parts dr shares of a plantation in the island of Barbadoes, in the West Indies $ and of two shares in the New River water-works 5 and of an annual relit of one thousand pounds issuing out of the revenues of the post office, devised by the will of Thomas Walker esquire, deceased; and also of a manor and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the several counties of Suffolk, Essex, and Gloucester, cotnprifed in the settlements executed upon the marriage of Stephen Skynner esquire, deceased; and also of divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the several counties of Suffolk, Essex, and Surrey, devised by the will of the said Stephen okynner, between the several persons intitled to the said estates, according to their respective interests I therein.

97. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds, withfn the parish and manor of Stoke Prior, in the county of Worcester.

98. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the open fields, common pastures, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of* Would Newton* in the east riding of the county of York,

99. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, in the pariflt of Gumley, in the couaty of

Lxicester.

100. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and commonable lands, in the liberties, territories, and precincts, of AJirop, in the parities of King Sutton and Newbottle, in the county of Northampton.

toi. An act" for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, commons, and waste lands, and a (tinted pasture, called The Cow Paflurty in the parish of Ackworthy in the county of York.

ioa. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and draining the open fields, common pastures, and moors or commons, in the township and parish of Terrington, in the north riding of the county of York.

103. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and common and

waste

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Heath, other wise ii't.'/ii, in the county of Oxford, and for exonerating certain lands belonging to William Fermtr esquire, from tithes and right of common.

104. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields and commonable lands, within the parish of, in the county of Warwick.

105. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common meadow grounds, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Thorpe Achurtb, in the county of Northampton.

106. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in AUomndle, in the county of Northampton.

107. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and common fields, common meadows, grounds, common pastures, and other commonable places, in the township of Blackley, and hamlets of Draycot and Paxftrd, in the parish of, and county of Wtnefier.

108. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, downs, and commonable lands, within the manor and parish of Eafileach Towrville, in the county of

109. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, and other commonable lands and waits grounds, within the parish and manor of Kings Ripton, in the county of Huntingdon.

no. An act for dividing allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, lands, and waste grounds, of, within, and belonging to the manor? parish, and liberties of Wing, in the county of Rutland.

111. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fen, and certain other commonable places and open fields, within the parish of Kirton, in the parts of Hollain the county of Lincoln.

112. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fen, open fields, and certain other commonable places, belonging to, and in the parish of Wigtest, in the county of Lincoln.

113. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fep, common marih, and other commonable places, within the parish of SutlerUn, in the county of Lincoln.

114. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor or common, called Hamfteels Moor, within the parish and manor of han-ehtfier, in the county palatine of Durham.

115. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, in the parish of iMihm, in the county of Nottingham.

116. An act to dissolve the marriage of George Collier esquire, with Christiana Gwyn his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

117. An act for naturalizing Frederick Cazenove.

118. An act for naturalizing Paul Pour tales and Francis Gabriel, Charles Muller.

I iq. An act to enable the most noble William duke of -

7 fore

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Shire to grant reverslonary leases of his leasehold estate, in the parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the county of Middlesex.

120. An act for discharging divers manors, rectories, advowsons, messuages, lands, tythes, rents, and hereditaments, part of the estate of the right honourable John earl Speneer, comprised in, and settled by the lad will and tedament, and codicil thereto, of the most noble Sarah late duchess dowager of Marlborough, deceased, and by certain conveyances executed in pursuance thereof, from the uses and trusts declared by the said will, codicil, and conveyances; and for settling other manors, rectories, advowsons, messuages, lands, tenements, tythes, and hereditaments, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like uses,

121. An act for vesting the manor of East Lavant, and divers messuages and lands, with the appurtenances, in the county of Sussex, intailed by the will of the right honourable Mary late countess dowager of Derby, deceased, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

122. An act to ved in trustees, to be sold, certain estates, in the counties of York, Westmoreland, and Lancaster, which belonged to Ann Fenwick, widow, before her intermarriage; and for the relief of the said Ann Fenwick, in such manner as in the said act is mentioned.

123. An act for vesting certain freehold and copyhold hereditaments in JVeeting, in the county of Norfolk, pan of the settled estate of Philip Champion Crefpigny esquire, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money to arise by sale thereof in the pur-diafe of other lands, and hereditaments, to be settled to the same tiles as said premises in Weeting now ft and limited.

124. An act for vesting certain estates, belonging to the drapers company of the city of London, in the governor and company of the bank of England, freed and discharged from certain charities, to which the same are subject; and for vesting other estates, belonging to the said governor and company of the bank, in the said company of drapers, subject to the before-mentioned charities,

125. An act to ved in\ Walter Lloyd esquire, and others, a small quantity of ground, parcel of the glebe of the rectory of Maner-divyr in the county of Pembroke, in consideration of a certain yearly relit thereby secured, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

226. An act for the file of certain messuages, tenements, lands, hereditaments, and premises, in the parish of Saint George the Martyr, and borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, part of the settled estate of John Bullock esquire, and Elizabeth his wife, and for laying out the money arising by sale thereof in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

127. An act to enable John Rolls esquire, and Judith Maria Walroni\ spinder, to make settlements on the marriage intended between them, notwithstanding their respective minorities.

128. An act for vesting the settled ddates of Humphry Minchin cfipiire, in the county of Tipperary9 in the kingdom of Ireland,

in

A TABLE of the STATUTES!.

m trustees, to sell the same; and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of other'estates, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the principality of Wales* to be settled to the same uses.

129. An act for vesting in trustees certain estates, situate in the counties of Kent and Surrey^ upon trust, to sell and dispose of the same, and invert the monies arising thereby in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to such of thtfuses, of the will of William Wad* deceased, as are now subsisting.

130. An act for sale of one undivided fourth-part of the landa of Innerleith* lying in the county of Edinburgh, and of one undivided fourth partrf>f the lands of Darmhester, in the county of Berwick* being parts of the entailed estate t>f colonel Jame* Catcbcarty deceased*and for purchasing other lands, and estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, upon the same persons, and to thq like uses and purposes.

131. An act for giving further powers to the trustees named in a certain act of parliament, made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, " An act to impower thp 14 trustees of the will of the late general Pulteney, and other truf-41 tees appointed by this act, to purchase and exchange lands and grounds, in the manor of Bathwick, in the county of Senurfety for the purpose of making certain roads and ways tp 14 and from a free bridge by them intended to be built over the 14 river Avon* in the said county; and also to impower the per- Tons in possession of the said estate, for the time being, under the said will, to grant leases of certain lands and houses in the said manor; and likewise to enable the said trustees to grant 41 certain grounds and springs of water, within the said manor 14 of Bathwick* to the mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Bath

14 and for extending the jurisdiction of the said mayor, aldermen, and citizens, over part of the said manor of Bathwick;

and for other purposes therein mentioned; w and for enlarging the powers of leafing given by the said act to the persons therein named; and for other purposes.

132. An act for reinvesting divers manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate and being in the county of S/afird* late the estate of Robert Barbor, deceased, in the feve-

ral persons now m being, and for such estates, as they are feve* rally intitled under the will of the said Robert Barbor; and for enabling James Mayo and Charles Mayo to join ip such conveyances as mall be necessary for those purposes.

133. An act to impower James Batfin and Edward Buckley Bation esquires, testamentary guardians of the person and estate of Edward Pery Buckley, an infant, to grant leases of the estate of Pery Buckley esquire, deceased.

134. An act for vesting a messuage, called Kighfield House, and divers lands, with the appurtenances, in the county of Gloucefiert the settled estates of Benjamin Jason Parrott esquire, in trustees, to be sold and conveyed as therein mentioned; and for laying out the money arising by such Tale' in the purchase of other lapis and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses,

>35 Am

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

135. An act for vesting divers freehold, copyhold, and lease-hold estates, late of Edmund Bunting, Elizabeth Bunting, and Tbmlinfoto Bunting, deceased, in trustees, to be ibid, to raise money, to be applied, under the direction of the court of chan* eery, in payment of the debts, incumbrances, and legacies, charged upon, and affecting the same, and other the purposes therein mentioned.

136. An ?ct for dividing and inclosing certain commons and waste grounds, within the manor of Appleby, in the county of WestmorelauA.

137. An act for inclosing, dividing, allotting, and improving, certain common woods and moor lands within the borough and parish of Wigmore, in the county of Hereford.

138. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open parcels of arable and pasture grounds, in the manor of Much Wenlock,otherwise Wenlock Magna, otherwise Great Wenlock, in the county <£ Salop.

139. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, heath, and waste grounds, in the parish of Moulton, In the county of Northampton

140. An fSt for dividing and allotting the common fields, common meadows, downs, and commonable lands, in the several parishes of Letcomb Bajfet, otherwise Upper Letcomb, and Childrey, in the county of Berks.

14X. An act for dividing, and inclosing the common and waste grounds, and open and common fields, within the townships or hamlets of Great and Little Stainton Newbiggin, and Great Blen- tow, in the barony of Greyjiock, in the county of Cumberland.

142. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and commonable lands, of and within the hamlet and liberties of Charlton, in the parishes of Newbottle and Kings Sutton, or one of them, in the county of Northampton.

143.' An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons, or moors. Within the township of Royston, in the county of York.

144. An act for vesting in William Rujfel, and his heirs, in fee simple, several messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Worcester, comprised in his marriage settlement, discharged from the uses of the said settlement; and for settling other messuages, lands, and hereditaments, of the said William Rujfel, in the county of Warwick, of greater value, in lieu thereof; and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

145. An act for inrolling in the court of chancery in Great Britain an exemplification of the will of Christopher Robinson late of the colony of Virginia, in America, deceased, to be made under the provincial seal of the said colony; and for making copies of such inrolment evidence in Great Britain, for enfranchising certain copyhold estates, late the property of the said Chrtjlopher Robinson, in the county of York; and for making satisfactiorl to the prebendary of Dunington for the lame \ and for other purposes,

THE

Statutes at Large.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FIFTH Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain*

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esqp

Voi. xxix. part II.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Bzitannice, Franciee, & Hibernia, duodecimo.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Westminster, the tenth day of May, Anno Dom.

1768. in the eighth year of the reign of our reign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the twenty-first day of January, 1772; being the fifth session of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to continue and amend an act made in the last of parliament, intituled An act to continue the prohibition of the exportation of com, grain, meal, flour, bread, biscuit^ and starch, and also of the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour, for'a further time; and also to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS on att was made in the last of parliament.

intituled An act to continue the prohibition of the exportation of corn, grain, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and (larch $ and also of the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour, for a further time; and also to prohibit the exportation of malt for a limited time; att was to

continue in forte until the twentieth day. after the commencement of the then next session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the feud att Should be continued for a further time; May it therefore

please your Majesty, that it may be enacted j and be it enstdted Voi. XXIa. Part II. B by

£ Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. i.

[1772.

by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, Act 11 Geo. j.^ihis present parliament assembled, and by the authority of nnedTiUthe* t*ic that the said act shall be, and the same is hereby fur-oth day after ther continued from the time therein limited for the expiration the com- thereof, until the twentieth day after the commencement #f thto mencement of next session of parliament.

InMfeany U* And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-person on said. That, in case any mariner or other person on board any board (except ship or vessel, (other than and except the master or person hav-nV^cr) ing the charge or command thereof,) wherein any corn, grain, anoffenwto mca*> mah» ^ury bread, biscuit, or starch, shall be exported con-the commis- trary to the intent anch meaning of the said recited a St hereby lioners, &c. continued, shall discover any such offence to the of, ot. customs, qc any officer of his Majesty's customs, within the space of five months after mont*ls afar such offence shall be committed, such mariner or the offence, other person, (except as aforesaid) making such discovery, shall, shall be in- as an encouragement, have, and be intitled to receive, one ritkd to one third part of the net money, which shall be recovered and paid netmoney^e-means of such discovery; after deducing, from the money covered by recovered, the charges of prosecuting for and recovering the means there- same; and one other third part thereof shall be to the use of his of$ after de- Majesty, his heirs, and successors; and the other third part to nesof pro- °ccr or officers of his Majesty's customs, as shall sue and ^curing.'jprosecute for the same.

One third part thereof to his Majesty's use; and the other to the profecotor.

Clauses in act

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

xi Geo. 3. in- That the clause or clauses in the said a<2, inflicting penalties on

Aiding penal- all distillers or makers of low wines or spirits, who shall have

ties on makers in thcjr custody or possession more than five quarters of wheat

&c.°W Wine, or wheat flour, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to

any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits who practises the

Not to extend of a miller, and who was possessed of, and worked any

to millers. mill or mills for grinding of wheat, on or before the first day

of 0&obery one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour which shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, be found

in any such mill or mills5 any thing therein contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuation

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation may

snay be a- be abridged or shortened, and the said act, or any part thereof,

n»Y be altered and varied, by any other act or acts to be mads panntaxent.^ pfcfcat session of parUamc«t.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 26; g

CAP. II.

An act to continue for a further time an act made in the eigthtb year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend an act made in the fitch year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the importation of salted beef pork, bacon, and butter* front Ireland, for a limited time \ and for allowing the importation of salted beef porky bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS on aft was made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time: Aa5Gco*1» And whereas an act was made in the eighth year of his present Ma- aa.g jefifs reign, to continue and amend the said first-mentioned act 5 and A co'3* for allowing the importation of failed beef pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time: and whereas by three acts made in the ninth, tenth, and eleventh years of an|j |0 the reign of his present Maitfly, the said last-mtntioned aft was con- &, Geo. j. # timed until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two: and whereas it is expedient that the importation of the said goods and commodities Should be allowed for a longer time \ May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to continue and amend an act made in the pftb year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time, shall^.

continue, and be in full force and effect, until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three. March*, 1773.

CAP. III.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be ratfed in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two. At thru shillings in tie pound.

CAP. IV.

An act for puniAing mutiny and desertion $ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. V.

An act for the regulation of bit Majesty vs marine forces, while on shore.

CAP. VI.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fer vice of the yc*y one thousand seven hundred and fevemy-two.

4

[Preamble.]

Act. 7 Geo. 3

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 7. [1772.

CAP. VII.

An act for explaining and amending an act made in the seventh year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking off the inland duty of one shilling per pound weight upon all black and finglo teas'consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland, and the British dominions in America, for a limited time, upon such indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company as is therein mentioned, for permitting the exportation of teas in smaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the said dominions in America \ and for preventing teas teized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain; and for settling certain doubts and disputes which have arisen upon the said aB of parliament.

WHEREAS by on act of parliament made in the seventh year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking off the inland duty of one shilling per pound weight upon all black and finglo teas consumed ir\ Great Britain; and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland and the British dominions in America, for a limited time, upon such indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned, for permitting the exportation of teas in smaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the said dominions in America; and for preventing teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain; amongst other things reciting, That the taking off the inland duty of one shilling per pound weight, then payable as therein is mentioned, upon black and finglo teas, and the allowing, upon the exportation of all teas which shall be exported to Ireland and his Majesty's plantations in America, the whole of the duty paid upon the importation thereof into this kingdom* appear to be the mfft probable and expedient means of extending the consumption of teas legally imported within this kingdom, and of increasing the exportation of teas to Ireland, and to his Majesty s plantations in America, which are now chiefly furwshed by foreigners in a course of illicit trade; and further renting, that the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are willing and dejirous to indemnify the publick in such manner os is therein after provided, with respect to ony diminution of the revenue which Should or might happen from this experiment, it is amongst other things enafied, That for and during the J'pace of five years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the said inland duty of one Jhiding per pound weight upon teas shall not be paid for or in respect of any bohea, congo, feuchong, or pekoe teas, commonIj called Black Teas, or any teas known by the denomination of Singlo Teas, which shall be cleared for consumption within Great Britain out of the warehouses of thtjaid united company, but that all such

m

*7720 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.yl

teas so to It cleared, whether the same have been already or shall be bertafttr sold by the said company, or their successors, shall be, and are thereby free and discharged, during the said term, from the said inland duty, and it is thereby, amongst other things, further enacted, That for and during the like space offive years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all teas exported from this kingdom, as merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, the whole duties of customs, payable upon the importation of such teas, and for making good any diminution which might happen in the revenues of customs and excise, by the discontinuance of the said duty, and the allowance of the said drawback, during the term aforesaid; it was further enacted, That on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-tight9 and on or before the first day of September, in each of the four succeeiing years, a true and exalt account shall be taken, stated, and made up, by the proper officers of the customs and excise respectively, of the net produce of all the duties of customs, for and in ref pell of teas sold by the said company, and also of the net produce of the duties of excise, upon teas cleared out of the warehouses, belonging to the said company within the ye ary ending the fifth day of July immediately preceding the taking, fiatingy and making up such accounts, and that a sum which shall be equal to the annual net produce of the duties of customs, paid upon the importation of teas which were exported to Ireland, and the British colonies find plantations in America, upon, an average for five years, preceding the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, shall be dedulled from the total of the net produce, so stated of the said duties of customs and excise in the said account for the year ending the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and for each of the said four fuuecding years respectively; and if after such dedullion shall have been made, the remaining sum shall not amount to the sum as shall be equal to the annual net produce of all the duties of customs, for and in resptfl of teas sold by the said company, and also to the annual net produce of the duties of excise, upon teas cleared out of the warehouses of the said company, on an average for five years, preceding the said fifth say of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, then, and in every such case, from time to time, as often as such case shall so happen, the said company or their successors, within forty days after a copy of such yearly account respectively, Jballfiave been delivered to their chairman, deputy chairman, secretary, cajpier, or accomptant general, shall advance and pay for every such year respectively, into the receipt of his Majesty: exchequer, for his Majesty's use, such sum of money as shall, with the monies remaining in such respective annual account, after the dedullion aforesaid shall have been made, amount to such a sum, as shall be equal to the annual net produce of all the fmd duties of customs and excise upon teas, on the said average of five years, preceding the said fifth day fl/'July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, so as the money to be paid by the said company, or their successors, in pursuance of the said all, shall Hot in any one of the said five ycarsy exceed such a sum, as shall be

B 3 equal

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 7. [1771.

equal to the annual net amount of the Jaii inland duty of one foiling per pound weight* upon teas tleered from the warehsujes of the said company for consumption within Great Britain, and also: o the an-eiual net amount of the duties of cUstoms, paid on the importation of teas* which were exported to Ireland, and the British colonies and plantations in America, upon an average for five years* preceding tie fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven: and whereas the annual net produce of the duties of cvjfoms, paid upon the importation of teas* which were exported to Ireland, and the British colonies and plantations in America, upon an average for five year: preceding the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven* is found* to amount to the sum of thirty-two thousand three hundred and two pounds, four foldings* and sixpence, and the annual net produce of all the duties of customs* for or in respect of teas sold by the said company* together with the annual net produce of the duties of excise upon teas* cleared out from the warehouses of the said company* on an average offive years* preceding the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-fven, is found to amount to the sum of seven hundred and eighteen thousand* nine hundred and sixty-six pounds* one foiling* and two-fifth parts of a penny: and whereas if the said sum of thirty-two thousand three hundred and two pounds* Jour follings and sixpence* Should be deducted from the total of the net produce of the cuficms of excise, upon teas sold by the said united company* and chared out of their warehouses, after paying such draw* backs as are allowed by tie said in part-receited act* in the year ending on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight* and in each of the said four succeeding years; and, if the said united company Should be bound to pay futb Jum* as will make the sum which shall remain after such deduction equal to the said sum of seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine hundred and sixty six pounds* one foiling* and two-fifth parts of a penny, your Majesty would probably in every of the said years* receive from the said united company a greater sum of money* in the name of indemnity* than the actual deficiency of your Majesty's revenue* computed upon the average in the said recited act mentioned* would amount to; and* on the other hand* if the said deduction Should be made from the said total of the product of the eufioms and excise*upon teas sold by and cleared out of the warehouses of the said united company for the year* ending on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight* and fir each of the said four succeeding years, before paying or deducing such drawbacks as are allowed by the said recited, aft*and if the Joid company Should only pay such sum* as wourd mate the sum, in fob case* remaining equal to the Jaii sum of seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine hundred and sixty six pounds* one foiling* and two-fifth parts of a penny* your Majesty would probably in every of the said years* receive less than the actual deficiency of your Majesty's revenue* computed upon the average in the said act mentioned* would amount to j so that the rule prescribed by the said act* for efiimating the indemnity therein provided, is inadequate and ineffectual* whereupon doubts and disputes have arisen between the officers of your Majesty's revenue> and the said united company concerning the manner of 2 offers

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 7. 7

ascertaining the same: and whereas it appears to have been the true intent and meaning of the said act, That the said united company Should fully indemnify your Majesty, for any diminution of your Majestys revenue, which might happen from the experiment in the said act mentioned, by paying to your Majesty such sum of money as shouli be sufficient to make the net produce of the duties of customs and <*-rife, upon teas sold by and cleared out of the warehouses of the said company in the said year, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven bundled and sixty-jeven, after paying the said drawbacks allowed by the said act, and in each of the said four fuc- ceeding years, after the like payment of the said drawbacks, equal to the said sum of seven hundred and eighteen thousand nine hundred and sixty-six pounds, one shilling, and two-fifth parts of a penny, and the said united company are willing, and have agreed, to indemnify your Majesty accordingly, provided the feverdl sums so to be computed, may he accepted in fatifaftm and dischargt of their agreement, and of the act herein-before recited\ May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, f by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and ["teofindera-temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affenribled, nityf provided and by the authority of the same, That instead of the rate of in- by the former demniry provided by the said act, and to be computed as therein is mentioned, the said united company shall be liable to pay and the united make good to his Majesty for the year ending on the fifth* day company fljaU of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and to each of the said four succeeding years, such sum of money as, for each fuc/ together with the net produce of customs, upon teas so by the ceeding year said company and the net produce of epccife upon teas cleared J|?cc, 768* out from the warehouses of the said company, shall, in and for °IS#

each of the said years, amount to the sum of seven hundred and and tyro-fifth eighteen thousand nine hundred and sixty-six pounds, one (hit- parts of a ling, and two-fifth parts of a penny, and no more. penny.

II. And whereas by an account fated and made up in conformity to the rate of indemnity herein before laf mentioned, for the first four of the said five years, the said four years ending on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sevenly-one, the said united

company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, fiand xhesaidunit-indebted to his Majesty in the sum of one hundred and seventeen thou- ed company, sand three hundred and fourteen pounds, one /billing, and three-pence, before July 5, and /even-twentieth parts of a penny; be it further enacted by the J77»# P authority aforesaid, That the said company thall, on or before*"*the fifth day of July, which will be in the year of our Lord one exchequer thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, advance and pay into 117, 314b is. the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer the said sum of one hun- 3d- and seven-dred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen pounds, one shilling, and three-pence, and seven-twentieth parts of ap^Jy, a penny, without any abatement or defalcation whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All monies to That all the monies that shall be paid into the receipt of his be paid in Majesty's exchequer, in pursuance of this atf, shall be applied Pursuanc* of

B4 to

g Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 8. [1772.

ihh ad, shall to and for the uses and purposes directed by the aforementioned th/use^of^l° ^vent^ year of the reign of his present Majesty.

aft 7* Geo. 3.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Before Sept, i, That on or before the first day of September, which shall be in 1771, an exalt the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-account to be two, a true and exact account shall be taken. Hated, and made officei^o/the UP th* proper officers of the customs and excise respectively, customs of of t^lc nct produce of all the duties of customs for and in respect the net duties of tea? sold by the said united company, and also the net pro* in respect of dqce of all the duties of excise upon teas cleared out from the lhby warehouses belonging to the said united company, within the pany, com' year ending the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and also of the and seventy-two: and if the net sum total of both the said reve-net produce nues, after paying the said drawback allowed by the said recited ^duties a(c^ shall not amount to the sum of seven hundred and eighteen tcasXcleared°n thousand nine hundred and sixty-Gx pounds, one shilling, and out within the twp-fifth parts of a penny, the said united company shall, with* year 1771. in forty days after such account shall have been delivered to their Ifthenetfom chairman, deputy chairman, secretary, cashier, oraccomptant reverses af- general, advance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's ex-lowed by ad chequer, for his Majesty's use, such sum of money as shall, to-7 Geo. 3. shall gether with the said sum total of customs and excise, computed not amount to as aforesaid, make up the said sum of seven hundred and eigh-and two-fifth leen thousand nine hundred and sixty-six pounds, one shilling, parts of and two-fifth parts of a penny.

a penny, the united company shall make up the deficiency to the receipt of exchequer.

In default of V. And be it further enacted, That the said sum of one payment by hundred and seventeen thousand three hundred and fourteen the said compounds, one shilling, gnd three-pence, and seventh-twentieth

beluedVor^ Parts 0 a Penny> and a such Ium of money as shall be pay-?nd recover* able by the said united company, in respect of the account here-ed, in manner in before directed to be made up for the year ending on the fifth directed by day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, shall, the foriper in default of payment as aforesaid, be sued for and recovered in a*such manner and form as the several sums required to be paid

in and by the said recited act are therein directed to be sued far and recovered.

Act 7 Geo. 3.

VI. And be it further declared and enacted by the authq-confirmed, «c- rity aforesaid, That the said recited act is and shall be confirrq-cept as here- ed and established, except so far as the same is hereby explain-rxplahjed^altered or repealed.

CAP. VIII.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for paving, lighting, and watching the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon, and for regulating the rarmen and porters within the said town.

9

r/yt-Y Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 10.

CAP. IX.

An act to enable the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservator* of t&e great level of the fens, commonly called Be dford Level, to borrow a poo bonds further money, upon account of the sniddie and south levels, part of the said great level; and for establishing a further certain funa, for payment of the bonds of the said corpor ration, out of the said middle and south levels.

[Preamble.]

Act 15 Car. a. for draining Bedford level. Act so Car. s.

y Geo. 2. Geo. t. Order of Bedford level corporation, of 10 June,

[Proviso.]

1756, directing money to be applied to the principal banks of middle and iouth levels only. Pi efent debt of the corporation, on account of middle and south levels: Annual interest thereof. Produce of a single t^x; also of a quarter tax. Power to borrow more money upon bonds, on account of* middle and south levels, so as the whole debt be not made to exceed the sum of 44, 000l. The several parts of the (3, 000 acres as lie in the middle and south levels, charged with a tax and a quarter during the continuance of any part of such additional debt. Bonds to be transferrable, without (lamps. Alignments to be entered with the register of the Corporation. Money raised by the corporation upon the taxable lands in middle and south levels, how to be applied. If bonds for money on account of the middle and south levels be not paid by receiver, rents, Taxes, &c, to be veiled in persons possessed of such bonds t But no money borrowed for said levels shall be charged on the rents. See. of north level. How the money borrowed is to be applied. The sum of 6000l. to be applied only in cases of actual breach of bank; and to be repaid, so as to be a perpetual fund for that purpose. Publift aft,

CAP. X.

An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists 3 and for relief of Protestant Purchasers.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by a clause in an act of parliament passed in the

third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First* Clause in act intituled An act for explaining an act passed in the last session of 7 Gcok 1. parliament, intituled An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates, and for enlarging the time for such regifiering; and for securing purchases made by Protestants; it was enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September* in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any interest therein, or relit or profit thereout, Should pass, alter or change, from any 'papist, or person professing the popish religion, by any deed or will, except such deed* within six months after the date, and such will, within six months after the death of the testator, fjiould be inrolled in one of the King's courts of record at Westminster* or else within the same county or counties wherein the manors, lands, and tenements, lie, in such manner as therein for that purpose is particularly directed: and whereas by several Acts 10 Ge*, efts of parliament made in the tenth year of his said late Majesty's * l» 6, 9, u. reign* and in the thirds sixth* ninth* eleventh, twelfth* fxxteenth* nine- 169 lJ96'

teenth* twenty-sixth* twenty-eighth* thirty-first, and thirty-third of*f£c*0s. his late majesty King George the Second* and the second, fourth* and and s, 4, Sc seventh years of his present Majesty's reign* it was enacted, That 7 Geo. y spery deed and will made fines the twenty-ninth day of September,

# one

xo Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 10. [1771.

one thousand seven hundred and Seventeen, in wrier to pdfs, alter, cr change, any manors, lands, tenements, ir hereditaments, or any interest therein, rraf or profit thereout, from any papijl, or person fro f effing the popjb religion, ft protestant or protestants, or by reason

oj which deed or will, any protestant or pretejlants may claim or it-rive any legal, equitable, or other interest wha\foevsr, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inroiled, or not inroiled in due time, shall be as good and effectual in law, as the same would have been in case the fat d deeds and wills bad been inr oiled within the times limited, by the said clauses in the said efts, for the inrolment thereof, provided the said deeds and willy Should be inrolhd on or be* fore the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fixiy eight, in such manner as by the said clause in the first-mentioned all is directed; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Deeds and and by the authority of the same, That every deed and will

wdUofpa. made since the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand

Slice Sept ao seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, 1717, though any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest not inrolled therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papist or per-in due time, son professing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by reason of which deed or will, any protestant or pro- testants may claim or derive any legal, equitable or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their bene-stall be good or to u^c or benefit of any other protestant or protest-in law, asif ants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, shall be inro'ledith- as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in the time in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the former acts. times limited by the said clauses in the said acte for the inrol-Deeds and ment thereof; provided the same deeds and wills shall be in-wills to be rolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven inrolled before hundred and seventy-three, in such manner as by the said clause Jan. 1.1773. in t^e first-mentioned act is directed.

Nothing here- H. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex-to extend ^o tcnc^ or bo construed to extend, to make good any such deed, make good will* or lease, already made and not inrolled, of the want of in-deeds, &c. rolment whereof advantage shall have been taken on or before already made the fifth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-rolled°tm- -°, ne» but every such deed, will, or lease, shall remain of such whereof ad- force and effect only, as the same would have had if this act had vantage shall never been made, and of none other force and effect. x have been taken before May 5, 1771.

No purchase

III. And whereas many purchases made by protestants may be in* by.P1!" danger of being impeached or called in quefiion, in regard that fom be impeached ^ee*s*through which the title thereto is derived, ought to

by Teafon that have been inrolled according to the said acts, but have not been Jo in-ny deed, rolied; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, through which That no purchase made for full and valuable confederation of derived hath any manors, mcffuagesr lands, tenements or hereditaments, or

not been in* rolled.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. i r. ti

of any interest therein, by any protestant or protestants, and merely and only for the benefit of the protestants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reason that any deed or will, through which the title thereto is derived, hath not been inrolled as required by the said acts, so as no advantage was taken of inrolment thereof before such purchase was made, and so as no decree or judgement have been obtained for want of the inrolment of such deeds or wills.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Not to extend tend, or be construed to extend, to make good any grant, lease, to make good or mortgage, of the advowson, or right of presentation, colla- mortgage, tien, nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, tenefae °£c. or ecclesiastical living, school, hospital, or donative or any avoid- made by a ance thereof, made by any papist or person professing the popish papist. religion, in trust, directly or indirectly, mediately or immediately, by or for any such papist or person professing the popish religion, whether such trust hath been declared by writing or nor.

CAP. XL

An act for the better regulating the future marriages of the royal family.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, from your paternal afftfiion to pre*able.

your cum family, and from your royal concern for the future welfare of your people, and the honour and dignity of your crown9 was graciously pleased to recommend to your parliament to take into their serious confederation, whether it might not be wife and expedient to supply the defect of the laws now in being; and, by same new provision, more effectually to guard the defendants of his late majesty King George the Second, {other than the issue of princejfes who have married, or may hereafter marry, into foreign families) from marrying without the approbation of your Majesty, your heirs, orfuccejfers, firfe bad and obtained $ we have taken this weighty matter into our serious eonfederation j and9 being sensible that marriages in the royal family are of the highefe importance to thefeate9 and that therefore the Kings of this realm have ever been entrvfeed with the care and approbation thereof; and9 being thoroughly convinced of the wisdom and expedient cy of what your Majesty has thought fit to recommend, upon this oc- eafion9 we9 your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects9 the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-blei9 do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no defendant of the body of his late No descend-majesty King George the Second, male or female, (other than ant of his the issue of princcffes who have married, or may hereafter mar- Jjtc Majesty, ry, into foreign families) shall be capable of contracting matri- thanto/ufae* mony without the previous consent of his Majesty, his heirs, or of princesses successorSj signified under the great seal, and declared in council, married, or

(which

ia Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 12.

[1 77*.

marry into (which consent, to preftrve the memory thereof, is hereby di-for«gn tested to be set out in the licence and register of marriage, and capable of to bc enterw* in the books of the privy council;,) and that evc-contraaing ry marriage, or matrimonial contract, of any such defeendant, matrimony without such consent first had and obtained, shall be null and

without the Yoid, to a]j intents and purposes whatsoever. previous consent of his majesty, bit heirs, See. signified under the great seal, declared in council, and entered in the privy council books. Every marriage of any such defendant without such consent, shall be null and void.

In case any

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-defeendant of said, That, in case any such defendant of the body of his late above* ears ros, j^y King George the Second, being above the age of twenty-old, fhmfl per- ^ve years, shall persist in his or her resolution to £ontra& a mar-silt to contraa fiage disapproved of, or dissented from, by the King, his heirs, a marriage or successors; that then such defeendant, upon giving notice to disapproved of King's privy council, which notice is hereby directed to be ty9 M ma, c " entered in the books thereof, may, at any time from the expi-such defeend- ration of twelve calendar months, after such notice given to the ant, after giv- privy council as aforesaid, contract such marriage; and his or to The* marr*aSc yiltb person before proposed, and rejected, may pri^councfl, be duly solemnized, without the previous consent of his Majes-maycontraft* ty, his heirs, or successors; and such marriage shall be good, as such mar- if this act had never been made, unless both houses of parlia- r, ad1hefa e ment before the expiration of the said twelve months, ex-may be du* Prckty declare their disapprobation of such intended marriage, ly solemnized, without the previous consent of his Majesty; and shall be good; except both houses of parliament shall declare their disapprobation thereof.

Persons who

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, (o^rnnize^or ^bat every person who shall knowingly or wilfully presume to afloat the°r so^mnize, or to assist, or to be present at the celebration of any celebration of marriage with any such defeendant, or at his or her making any such mar- matrimonial contract, without such consent as aforesaid first had riage, without ancj obtained, except in the case above-mentioned, shall, being fl»ail, Con con- thereof, incur and suffer the pains and penalties

vision, incur ordained and provided by the Statute of provision and premu-the penalties nire made in the sixteenth year of the reign of Richard the provided by Second, the Statute

ofpremo- CAP. XII.

jure 16 Ric. t. f.f

an act for further continuing two aits made in the sixth and

ninth years of his Majesty mutiny and

desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their

quarters, inhis Majesty's dominions in America.

Preamble.\ X THEREAS an act passed in the eleventh year of his Act 11 Geo i.*V Majesty's reign, intituled An act for further continuing 'J* two acts made in the sixth and ninth years of his Majesty's reign, for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty's dominions in America, which act was to continue, and be in forte, in e'lhis Majesty's dominions in America, from the twenty-fourth day of

March,

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 13. t$

Alarch, thousand seven hundred and seventy-two* until the twen-

ty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three: and whereas it has been found necessary that the said aftf* which was to made in the sixth and ninth years of his Majesty's reign, should be m

continued for a further time: may it therefore please your Majes- March m, ty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King's most 1773,

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the further conti-said acts shall be, and the same are hereby continued until the £, r twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and';: !. seventy-four.'1774

CAP. XIII.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that provision Should be made for

defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing for the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax of such county, riding, or place respectivelyi shall issue and pay the whole sums required, in the man- Where the ner, and for the several uses herein after mentioned; that is to is or say, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in receiver." advance, at the rate of six shillings a day for each adjutant, general of the where an adjutant is appointed j and at the rate of one shilling county is to for each serjeant, with the addition of two shillings and sixpence, ffuc ^ur a week for each serjeant-major where a serjeant-major is appoint- j advailc/ ed; and at the rate of sixpence a day for each drummer, with according t'o the addition of sixpence a day for each drum-major, where a the estabwh-drum-major is appointed j and also at the rate of sixpence a ment of pay month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the hcfc ctdownr contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and indepen- -

dant company of militia j one penny whereof shall be applied r.# said* for defraying the hospital expences of each regiment, battalion, to the regi-or independant company, during the time of the men's being mental and from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and also'for tatuUim half a year's salary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, at the rate ofjowancesto fifty pounds a year; and also for the respective allowances to the cleiks of the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the several sub-division meetings, at the rates following j that is to say, to the clerk

14 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1772.

clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks of thcsub-division meetings, at the rate of one pound one shilling for each and pay for meeting; and also for the cloathing of the militia of such coun-cloathing of riding or place, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings the militia. fa cacjl serjeant, and two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for each serjeant-major, and each drum-major; and with respect to the private militia men, where the militia hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of The above one pound ten shillings for each private man. turns are not n. Provided nevertheless, That in any county, riding, or pa has not P^acc> PaY h*8 not yet been for the militia, no pay

belbi^been shall be issued until his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, iffoed, till the or in case of a vacancy by the death or removal of his Majesty's lord lieute- lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of any such county, ties ^all^have r"^nS' or P^acc> (h*U have certified to the of of his certified to Majesty's treasury, and to the receiver-general of the land-tax, the treasury that three-fifths of the number of private militia-men of such and receiver- county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that thrcc-^nrolmentCf t^lc proportion of their commission officers have accept-

thr^fittha c<* their commimons, and entered their qualifications as by law of the men required.

and officers.

III. And be it enacted, That all such sums of money granted ^or l^c as aforesaid, except such as mall be

the receiver^ due to the several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, and except general to the such as shall be due on account of cloathing, shall, where the clerk of the militia has never been embodied, be pud by the said receiver or regiment or receivers-general of the land-tax, into the hands of the clerk or cept^iKTal- c^cr^s trie regiments or battalions of militia belonging to such lowances to county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their the clerks of warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the the meeting*) jlan(j an(j fcaj Of his Majesty's lieutenant for such respective SuTthemr- county» riding, or place; and where the militia has been embo-rant of his died, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or appointment; battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and seal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion respectively, notwirh-and forinde (landing such militia shall have been disembodied; and where pendent com- (he militia shall be formed into an independent company, or Pafn, c* to the independent companies, such sums as aforesaid shall be paid by captains,or the "dd receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax, into the to their or- hands of the respective captain of each independent company of der i militia, or to such person as such respective captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloathing, of which such rdtn to rcB*mem or regiments, battalion or battalions, independent the % abhfty comPanv or independent companies, shall have been appointed raent laid to consist, according to the establishment laid down in an act down in the passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, in-militja act of (jtuled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of park- # men!

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 13.

air*/ the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England j and such receiver or receivers-general of the land tax shall also, within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the said first payment, make a second A second payment for four calendar months in advance; and shall also, j*1* within fourteen days after the expiration of the three calendarmadewithin months from the time of the said second payment, make a third 3 month* af- payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and ter the first; contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the a, !jj*th*rd regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the propor- months^fw tiens herein before mentioned \ and the receipts of such clerk the iccond. or clerks, and of such captain of an independent company, or Receipt* of captains of independent companies, or of such person or per-th* Perf?n$ fons as such captain or captains shall so authorise to receive such money money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such recei- be so paid, ver or receivers-general of the land-tax for the several sums of discharge tbs money so by him or them paid. recei w»-ge-

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or xhe regi-battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such mental and sums of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calen- battalion dar month's pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment c, er* ar* or battalion respectively; and to the captain or officer com- £2^" minding each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, month* pay two months pay in advance for the serjeants and drummers; to the adju-and also to the officer commanding the company to which thetant 5 and serjeant-major and drum-major shall belong, two months pay in advance for such serjeant and drum-major; and so, from time captain for to time, as long as any money on that account shall remain in the serjeants his hands: which pay every such captain or officer command-anddrum-ing is hereby required to distribute to such person belonging'to [b^f^lwnt-his company, by this act entitled to receive the same, as it shall major an<i'become due; and the captain of each independent company is dram-major hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to his two month*. company intitled thereto, such money as he shall receive for pay the com^ of his company by virtue of this act; and such captain or officer manding of-commanding shall, once in every year, give into the clerk of the ficer of the regiment or battalion to which such company shall belong, or company to if captain of an independent company, to the receiver general, an account of the several payments he shall have made in pur- Captains to fuance of this act, according to the following form: distribute the

pay accordingly; and account for the same yearly to the clerk; or receiver-gene*, nd if an independent company, according to the following Form;

County

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1772.

County of

3V> cash received of Mr."! regimental or bat talion clerk* or receiver-general (ms the case jhau be) for two months pay in advance* .

Per Centra,

Paid serjeant for

days pay from the of to the of

following«

ct.

Date as serjeant major (if ] one in the company) J Paid serjeant for n days pay from the of to the of j

following--- — J

Paid drummer days at six-pence* from the of to the of following -

Dine as drum-major (if one in the company)

Paid drummer 1

day* from the of ( to the of following)

and pay back And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver-general, the fur pi us as the case shall be, the surplus (if anyj of the money by him

monies in his from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands. ChTdischaree Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That

of serjeant* or m case the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or drummers as independent company of toilitia, shall certify, in writing to the unfit for for- clerk of the same, that he hath discharged any serjeant or drum-b^tffued^lf/0 mcr as unt ^or service» that in ^uctl cafc> no Pay he issued others are ap. for the person so discharged, until another be duly appointed by pointed $ himj and that no payment be made to any serjeant or drummer nor any pay- who hath been so discharged, or who has not previously been fochaTanf° aPProvc^ of by the commanding officer, in case of vacancy by discharged or death, or other wise* who have not been approved by the commanding officer*

likewise*to pay

VI. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or outofthefums battalion of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be allowed for - -; (sue(j an(j paid to him for defraying the contingent expences of pences^d^e^ cac^ regiment or battalion, shall, yearly and every year, pay to man for hoipi- the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or battalion, tai charges i one penny a month for each private man and drummer, for de-nlj^ffil^for8 fraying the hospital expences of each respective company of such ther^2r of regiment or battalion during the time of the men's being absent arms and car- from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and fhai/, riage thereof* from time to time, issue out and pay such sums of money as a fied f° tb may>e ncccry for the repair of arms, and the carriage and benefit of^he* removal thereof, upon an order in writing signed by the colonel regiment, bcc. or officer commanding such regiment or battalion; and apply, ns the field of- dispose of, and pay, the residue of such money, for the general ^cers?^a.P'use and benefit of each such respective regiment or battalion, ^ams uiai 1- -n manner as the fold officers anj captains thereof, or the Account of greater part of them, shall direct; and shall, yearly and every the said sums year, make up an acqount of all such money, and the expendi-

to be made up

yearly &c.

J

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 13. 17

ture thereof, and deliver the same to the colonel or officer coot* manding such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; which account so allowed and signed shall be, and it is hereby direct^d to be, the proper voucher and acquittal of such clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

VII. And be it enacted, That the money hereby directed to Money allow, be issued for the contingent expences of each independent com- for contin-pany of militia, shall be, in like manner, applied to the particu-indepen- lar use of such respective independent company by the captain dent compa-thereofj and shall, yearly and every year, be in like manner ac- nies to be ap-count^ \, »to the receiver-general of the land-tax of the coun- P, led a?dracr ty or pl?*e to which such independent company shall belong*yThe cap!- whose allowance of such account shall, in like manner, be the taint, proper voucher (or the expenditure and disposition thereof.

VIII. And be ItJurrher enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commanding

That the officer commanding every regiment, battalion, or in- °^c*r, to

dependent company of militia, which shall be raised and trained c^"tof Ex. pursuant to the laws now in force, shall, and they are hereby chequer re- respectively required, from time to time, within thirty days at- turn* of the ter the exercising of every such regiment, battalion, or indepen- off?ccr8 and dent company shall be finished, pursuant to the directions of the fnrofied^and Jaws now in being in that respect, transmit to the proper audi- fervine at the for of his Majesty's court of Exchequer a compleat return, signed annual exer-by such officer commanding, of the several officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men, who were actually i nr oiled,

and did serve in every such regiment, battalion, or independent company, at the time the same were so exercised as aforesaid, in like manner and form as is required to be made to one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of state.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion Clerk to retain

clerk may and shall retain to his own use, out of the money so money in hi* by him received, such further sums as shall complete the allow- ha, Kj! for ance herein before made for his salary. men the id.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's lieuts. or de-# lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieutenants of any ptie* shall county, riding, or place, shall have fixed the days of exercise "ave^ed tht for the militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the CJter* same to the receiver-general of such county, riding, or place, they are to specifying the number of then, and the number of days such certify the men are to be absent from home on account of such exercise; fani? to the and f»cb receiver-general is hereby required, within fourteen

days after the receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the the'number of clerk of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of seven men, and days shillings and sixpence per day for the captain of each company, and at the rate of three shillings and sixpence per day for each ronl

lieutenant, and of three shillings per dav for each ensign; and Receiver-ee-also at the rate of one shilling per day for each private militia- neral to issue man. with the addition of sixpence per day for each corporal of ^hereupon P*7 the militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of ^raa days such officers and men shall be absent from home on ac- the regimen*

Vol.XXX. C count Wide*, Uq,

i8

Where there shall be independent companies only, the receiver-general is to liTue pay to the captains, according to the rate here let down.

Clerk to pay over the money to the respective captains.

Captains to make up their account according to the following form}

to be signed by them, and CQuntersigned by the commanding officer,

and delivered, with the balance, to the clerk, or receiver-general.

During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into adhial forvice, and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowances fVom the receivers-general is to cdafe.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 13. [1771.

count of such exercise; and in such counties where there shall be independent companies only, the receiver-general of each such respective county shall issue and pay to the captains of the independent companies at the rate of seven shillings and six-pence per day for each captain, three shillings and sixpence ptt day for each lieutenant, and three shillings per day for each cnfigns and also at the rate of one shilling per day (breach private militia-man, with the addition of sixpence per day for each corporal of the militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of days such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of such exercise; and the said regimental or battalion clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the said regiments or battalions the proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewise the pay belonging to their respective companies.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each company shall make up an account of all monies received and paid by him on account of such exercise, according to the following form:

County of Dr. Per contra Cr.

To cash received of the regimental or bat- talion clerk, or I

receiver-general (as She r case shall be) for \

days pay of men J

By ray pay as captain Paid lieutenant Paid ensign

Paid militia men

days

Paid additional pay to corporals days

Which account shall be signed by the said captain, and counter-signed by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, within ten days after the time such exercise is vfini(ned, deliver such account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the regimental or battalion clerk; or, if captain of an independent company, to the receiver general: and such accounts shall be allowed as diffident vouchers in the passing of the accounts of such receiver-general, at the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer* Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, is or shall be embodied, and called out into actual service, and thereby the officers and private militia-men are or shall be intitled to the same pay as the officers and private men in his Majesty's other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re* ceivers-general of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private militia-men, or others; and all money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia; and also the allowance to the derk of such regiment or battalion, shall, during such time of actual service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independent corn-

pany

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 13.'

party shall be disembocKed, and return home, cease, and not be Rectivers-ge-paid. neral to Pay

XIII. And be it enacted, That the fold receiver or receivers toderk* of the land-tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings0ft^cgeneral-his allowance, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meetings, and meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpose to the clerk* from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants assembled at some general meeting or meetings; and shall also jngSj upon " pay to each and every of the derks of the subdivision meetings producing or-their several allowances, at the rate of one pound one shilling for^ from the each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders jepu^dietu from one or more deputy-lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, afiem- tenants j bled in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or orders which orders shall be to the said receiver or receivers-eeneral of the land-tax, to be a dif-a sufficient discharge for the payment of uich allowances, and be ceivers-eene-allowed in his or their account. rak S

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk of Regimental

each regiment or battalion of militia shall give security to the and battalion receiver or receivers-general of the land tax of the county, rid- §£°

ing, or place, to which such regiment or battalion shall belongs pa^ng and by a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the sum accounting required for the whole year^ charge of the regiment or battalion for Ae

of militia to which such clerk shall belong, for duly answering and {^Jem-paying such sums as he shall, from time to time, have received \ and*9

for duly accounting for the same, and for performance of the the bonds to Ifuft hereby in him reposed; which said bond shall be lodged in be lodged with the hands of the receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax for receirerj^ the respective county, riding, or place, who, in case the said regimental or battalion clerk mall not duly perform the conditions them on mm-comprised in the said bond, shall, and is hereby required forth- performano* with to put the said bond in suit in the name of his Majesty, °ftbt condi* his heirs and successors; the full costs and charges of which and the* suit, in case judgement shall be given against such regimental of unified there* battalion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said receiver or re* upon to full ceivers-general of the land-tax, who shall likewise be intitled to, and receive to his or their own use, at the rate of five pounds anjr? l*Lr per centum, out of all such monies as shall be by him or them ctnt.vf the recovered thereon; and shall account for the residue thereof money recov* with the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue: the said re- efw, |r. ceiver or receivers-general of the land-tax charging himself ^ca"ou" or themselves therewith, upon the next account of the land-tax for to the auto be by him or them passed. ditor.

XV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of every regiment or The regimen-battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent com- tal and batta-pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the110*!4 cl*r^s» -part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty-fifth fjdepcodesi day of March and the twenty-fourth day of June^ one thousand companies, arc seven hundred and seventy-two, deliver to the receiver of receiv- to deliver in qrs-gerteral of the land-tax for the county, riding, or place, to ^iTrecebta which such regiment, battalion, or independent company shall anTdi(bariU belong, a fair account, in writing, of all monies by him receiv- menu,

c % cd

a# Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C. i j. ^1771.

cd and disbursed for the service of the preceding year, in pursuance of this act with proper vouchers for the same; and shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax, any Airplus of such monies that (halt then be in his hands; which said accounts, signed by such regimental or battalion clerk, or by such captain of an independent company respectively, shall be transmitted by the said receiver or receivers-general of the land-tax into the office of the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, all cods and charges ot suit, and all Turns of money for which any person or persons is or are by this ad\ made answerablt, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster % by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflfoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued in relatioa to, or in pursuance of, ' this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person being on half-pay, or being intitled to any allowance, as having

half-pay serv- served in any or either of the two troops of horse guards, or re-the giment of horse reduced, and serving in the militia, shall and

jraceive the roay» aiM*s hereby impowered to receive and take the sub-

subsistence- fistence-money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieutc-

money payable nanti, or ensigns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence-to captains money by any such captain, lieutenant, or enGgn, shall notbt

eotenaats, ^comed a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent such perforr on half-pay, or being intitled to any such allowance, from receiving his half-pay, or such allowance; and such person shall take the following oath before fomejustice of the peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same;

Recovery of penalties, &c

Mo fee payable for any warrant or sum of money issued in pursuantc of this act. Officers cn

or ensigns,

they taking the following oath before a j office.

The oath. T A B do swear. That I bad not, between the any piece

JL or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, h-ftdes my allowance of ba>f-pay as a reduced in

late regiment of (or allowance as in

late troop of horse guards, or regiment of horse reduced) lave and except my fubfijlente as a lm-tenant or ensign (as the caie may be,) for serving in the militia tf the county of

And the talcing the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such person to receive his half-pay, or the said allowance, without taking any other oath; any law, usage, or custom, to the con-Receiver-ge- trary thereof notwithstanding.

acral, upon

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

warrant^rom That the receiver general of the land tax, so soon as he shall the command- receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding lug officer, officer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying the

receipt

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 14: tt

receipt of the cloathing and an order from the said colonel or commanding officer for the money due on account of the same certifying the payable to the person or persons who furnished the said cloath- receipt of the ing, shall pay the sum mentioned in such order to the person cloathing, and intitled to receive the same; and such warrant and order, toge- isrto ther with the receipt of the person receiving the said money, j, ay the same shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver-general. accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any regi-That in case any regiment, battalion, or independent company, «nt, &c. shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this act, ihaHcease, _ the sum of three shillings per diem shall be paid to such person as* & pakTto has actually served as adjutant to such regiment, battalion, or the adjutant independent company, from the time such regiment, battalion from such time or independent company, shall cease, to the twenty-fifth day octo Marcil» March, pne thousand seven hundred and seventy-three. >77h

CAP. XIV.

An act for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for deptbening, and making more navigable, the several rivers emptying the m]elves into the said haven-, and for preferring ships wintering therein from accidents by fire.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty-third year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the haven and Act a j Geo. * piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves into the said haven, and also for preserving ships wintering therein from accidents by fire; several duties were granted for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining and improving the said haven and piers, and for depthening the channel of that part of the river Yare called Braydon, and for making more navigable the said river Yart, and the rivers Waveney and Bure, which empty themselves into the said haven, and for repairing the bridge and publico quays belonging to the said town; and also for preserving ships wintering in the said haven; which of! will expire at the end of this present session of parliament: and whereas the said haven and piers will Joon fau into decay, unless some timely and effectual provision be made by parliament for preserving the same j therefore, for preserving to the inhabitants of the said borough and the adjacent counties, and of the city of Norwich, the benefit of the said haven and piers, and to the end that the said haven, which is of great importance to the trade of theft kingdoms may be cleared and aeptbened, and the said piers anajettee, on the north side of the said haven, may be preserved and kept in repair, and timber and other materials for that purpose provided from time to time, as occofion may reauire j and that the channel of that part of the river are called Braydon, leading from Great Yarmouth to the said city (^Norwich, and so much of the river Wen-son, commonly called Yare, as lies between the New Mills in Norwich and Hardly CroEs, in Hardly, in the county of Norfolk, and

*3

Anno duodecimo oeorgh hi. c. 14* l*772*

ate the river Waveney, and also the rater Bure, commonly celled the North River, (whisb said rivers empty themfth/es into the said bo-lueu) may be deptbeneiL, and made mare navigable for boats and heis vfually faffing upon the same, and that the bridge and pttMid quays belonging to the said town may be repaired; may it pLeafe your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enadod by the King's jnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consenti of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That,

[Proviso.]

After the 15th March 177*, the duties granted by the former act are to ceafej duties on goods, See. unladen in the haven of Great Yarmouth, See. Mayor, &c. to chafe a colltftor. Collectors to take an oath. CuKttfon allowance for their trouble. Collectors to account for duties Collecton not accounting to be committed. Commissioners how to be annually appointed. First meeting of of Expences of the act how to be paid. The sum of 3d. to be divided in manner therein mentioned, and applied for the purposes of the act. Application of surplus money allotted to the county of Suffolk. Three-pence (other part of the said duties) bow So be applied. The Last mentioned 3 d. shall not be raised without nonce, that it is absolutely necessary. How to be applied, if raised. The four-pence (part of the said duties) how to be applied, except when the further 4tity of two-pence shall be raised. If four pence is not frifficient, thecom-mhTioners may raise the additional Turn of two-pence. The additional two-pence not to be raised unless notice thereof shall be first given. Pro* viso -far saving part of the four* pence duty. In case necessary toioemfe the duty, comm ffnners may levy the whole four pence. It the mayor, &c. shall neglect to apply the aforesaid duties, the of at large may do at. The duty of 4d. shall be appiyed at the mayor, $c. shall du rest, except when the additional duty of ad. shall be paid. Commissioners may examine the collectors upon oath. Persons intruded with monty to give in accounts of their disbursements, and pay over the balance to the of Persons to appear and be examined with regard to their accounts before the of or be committed. Commissionen ing-lesting to attend at the yearly meeting, the mayor, See. to examine the so counts. Accounts up to March 15 to be settled by the'of. Mayor, &c. may remove officers. See, inspect the accounts of receipt and expenditure of money, Scc. and enforce Che payment of all money in ar* sear. Mayor, See, not to remove any officer. See. while Ibe additional duly is raised. Collectors may enter vessels to collect duties; and, io case of neglect of payment, for 10 days, they may be levied by di/treft and sale. Officers of customs not to suffer ships to clear until the duties are paid Provisions exempt from the duties. Duties on certain goods imported to be repayed on exportation. Engineer to survey that part of the river Wenfon or Yare between the New Mills and Hardly Croft; who is to report the Hate of the river to the justices. Copy of the report to be gives to every offender, as relates to his offence, and the justices to order reparation to be made. Persons offendinjgv and refusing to remove the«croachments, &c. to be proceeded against by the justices as the law directs, Engineer to give notice of his intention to make a survey. Pc-- qalty on emptying mbbifli. See. into the haven. In order to prevent accidents by nre from the ships within the haven, watchmen, See. are to bp appointed. Watchmen and dapperipen by whom to be paid. No fire nor lighted candle shall be allowed on board ships between Nov.i, and March u MaHer, Scc. mooring ships so as to prejudice the haven, to forfeit not exceeding 51. The duty of the pier master, and his accustomed fee for that duty. The same fee as formerly to be paid to the pier master, and bow to be recovered. Pier master neglecting his duty, to forfeit not exceed. Ing 4.0 s. Injuring the haven, by laying ballast, dec. on the quays, how to be prevented. Money dirc&od to be paid for keeping watchmen, dec. as4 ftlfo penalties how to be recovered. Commencement and continuance of tfoa aft. Hot to prejudice the tolls, &q, payable to she mayor, See. by

grind.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 15, 1

grants* Limitation of actions, General afliae. Treble costs. PnbHek

CAP. XV.

[Preamble.]

[Publick act.]

An act for lighting, cleaning, and watching, the streett, lanet, and other passages, of the burgh of Canongate, and the liberties of Pleafanoe and Leith-wynd, adjoining to the royalty of the city of Edinburgh. Magistrates, &c. of Canongate, to direct the lighting, cleansing, and watching the streett. Sec. Proceedings to be entered in books. Contracts may be made for lighting and cleaning. Contracts not to be entered into till notice given. Magistrates, Sec. to have no concern in contrafta for lighting# Contracts to be paid out of monies raifrd for the purpose of this act. Writings exempt from stamp duties. Assessments to be made for lighting the streets, Sec. Qualification of the (tent-matters. Lamps within the Canongate to continue burning as long as the lamps within the city of Edinburgh. Three-fourth parts of the monies arising from the sett of the dung. Sec, to be applied towards cleansing and watching. Dung, Sec. to be lot by publick roup. Magistrates to levy the monies leviable by act of parliament of Scotland in 1663, for the purposes of the act. Deficiency of the fund for lighting, how to be supplied. Deficiency of the fund for*Watefaing and cleansing, how to be supplied. Expences of this act to be paid in the first place. Accounts to be kept. Saving the rights of the city of Edinburgh.

CAP. XVI.

An act for deepening, cleansing, icouring, preserving and maintaining, the harbour of Port Glasgow, for enlarging and improving the quay* and piers, for erecting new breasts, jettees, and piers, and for regulating fliipe, lighters, and other vessels, trading into and going out of the said harbour § and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

[Proviso.]

No pier, Sec. to be built east-ward of Black House Nock. No wharfs. Sec* to be erected on the lands belonging to Mr. Hamilton. Tmftees appointed. Harbour duties to be paid, after June 1, 1771. What ships. Sec. are exempted from duties. Matters to allow their ships, Sec. to be measured by the trustees, or forfeit 51. Trustees to appoint collectors, receivers, and other officers, and to settle their salaries. Collectors to give security to the trustees. Masters of vessels to produce receipts of the pay* snent of the duties before ships are cleared. Harbour-duties to be levied, ia case of refofal lo pay them, by distress and sale. Ship-mailers. Sec. evading the payment of the duties, to forfeit 5I and be (till liable for the rates. Trustees may borrow 50001. on the credit of the duties. Duties received to be applied (after paying expence of the act) towards improving the harbour. Sec. Obstructions, Sec. in the harbour may be removed by the magistrates. Ships, Sec. unfit for service to be moved out of the harbour at the owners expence. And in case payment, be refuted, to be levied by distress. Goods not to remain on the quays or piers longer than forty* eight hours. Trustees may hire ware-houses for lodging goods so removed. Gunpowder, and other combustible matter, not to remain on quays or piers longer than4 hours, on forfeiture of 10l. Ships and veftAs may be removed from one birth to another, by order of the water baillie. Sec* Matter, Sec. hindering a removal to forfeit 101. Vessels coming into the harbour in distress, to have the preference as to the birth and discharge, of other ships; matter, Stc. refuting, to forfeit yoI. Persons throwing ballatt, Sec. into the harbour to forfeit 401. Ballad thrown on the quays, &c. to be immediately removed on pain of 40 s. Masters of vessels answerable for damages done by their crews. Herrings, and other fish, not to be paeked, or he on the quays- Water bailiff or more matter to inspect into the (late of the piers. Fines and forfeitures, amounting to 5l. how to be sued for, recovered, and applied. Fines not amounting to 5 1, how to be recovered. Penalties may be mitigated. For getting materials, and levelling the pits. If proper materials cannot be got in commons, See. private grounds may be used| making satisfaction for the damage.

C 4 Trustees

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 17. t(772*

[Proviso.]

[Publick act.]

Trustees im powered to mike roads to the harbour through common or private ground. &c. after making satistattion. Persons deft rowing the works deemed guilty of felony. Bye laws, may be made by the Magistrates of Glasgow. The persons who shall be appointed of for authoring, aec. all the works, &c. How comnrifiijners are to be chosen on behalf of the merchants of Glasgow g and bow for the merchants of Port Glasgow. General annual meeting to be held at Glasgow*and the of to bear their own expenses. Commissioners at the annual meetings may adjourn from time to time. Rates may be Uflened with consent of rruttees and creditors. Rates and duties to cease on repayment of money barreled Saving the jurisditt on* of the city ot Glasgow, and the rights of lords of manors. MagiArares, Sec. of Doobartoa to et: joy former privileges. A tt may be pleaded in actions brought in pursuance thereof. Sheriffs, dec. to alfitt in the execution of the

CAP. XVII.

An act for lighting such part of the town of Islington as lies in the parifc of Saint Mary, lUington, in tre county or Midd.eftx jnd for establishing a regular nightly watch therein, preamble Commissioners names. Commissioners, when reduced to left than forty, others to be chosen. Ten day* publick nonce to be given of the election of of Qualification of of Penalty of atting if not qualified. No victualler. Sec. to act as a commissioner. First meeting. Notice of adjourned publick meetings to be given 10 com. iniflionert*and il a sufficient number do not attend, publick notice to be given of the next nvetuig. Commissioners to defray their own charges. No commissioner to be inccrested in any contrail, &c. and if interested, to forfeit iojI. Commissioner* may appoint a treasurer. See. Treasurer to

Sive security. Treasurer to give twenty days notice of removing. Oa eath of treasurer, executors, «c to account. Commissioners to f.ttle and ascerrain the sum to be raKed for the ensuing year, and, sign a rate or af-iefTment by way of pound-rate. Landlords to pay the rate for houses lett out in apartments, or ready-furntshed to lodgers: goods of such lodgers !h ill be liable to pay the rate. Per font to pay the rate in'proportion to tie time of occupying houses, Sec, Commissioners to compound or remit the rate to personi who may appear unable to pay. Collectors to be appointed by the of Collectors to account, on oath, for all furas received by them. In case of retufal to deliver vouchers, Sec. to be committed for six calendar months. Goods may be assessed in another county. Cd« kftors may inspect the land tax and poors rates bjoks, gratis. Rates under former acts discontinued. Personi rated, refusing to pay, the fumi to be levied by distress. Qn collectors removing out of the town, dying, or if guilty of any neglect, or becoming in foment, another proper person to be appointed. Collett or removing out of town, to give so days notice in writing to the vicar, &c. of the parish< and to account, dec. and if be Hull die in his office, his executors, &c. to deliver vouchers. Sec. to a proper person appointed by the of Arrears of rates how to be recovered. Allowance to be made to colkftors. Collectors to give security. No collector to act as a trustee. Deficiencies of one year to be made good by the next. Surplus to be carried to next year's account. Commissioners to di-rett the number of lamps. Sec. and they may appoint or contratt with per-ions for the Taipei and direct how and where they are to be placed, kc. The property of the lamps, polls, dec. veiled in of Personi breaking or damaging lamps, polls, irons. Sec. For first offence, 101. lor Second offence. 15s. And for fubequent offences 10s. In case ofrefufalto be levied by distress. Commissioners to direct the number of watchmen. Sec. Commissioners to make use of the present watch-house fjtuate in the town. Copy of orders for the watchmen to be signed, and gifon to them severally. Duty of the watchmen. Commissioners to appoint *. If any watchman be negligent, supervisor to appoint another till next meeting. Supervisor neglecting to make good hi* complaint tgainst a ppgligent watchman to forfeit sg s» and being negligent in nil doty, Sec. to

forfeit

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 18, 19.

forfeit, for every offence, 40. Supervisor* to attend the commissiofter* at their Several meetings, or forfeit 10*for every wilful neglect. Commi u sioners to make an allowance to supervisors. Punishment on watchmen neglecting duty. Watchmen neglecting to attend, others to be appointed.

The property of watch-houses, boxes. Hand*, &c. built for the ptrirposes hereof, to be vested in the commissionen. Penalties and forfeitures how to be applied. Justices of the peace to administer oaths. Penalties may b* mitigated. CommiSEoners, who are in the commission of the peace, may aCfc as justices. Proceedings to be entered in books 3 and all persons concerned may inspect the same without fee, Sec. Commissioners to appoint a clerk. Notice of meetings to be given. Writings, Sec. to be without stamps. Incidental charges to be defrayed out of the rates. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter*sessions, whole order shall be final. Proceedings not to be quaShed for want of form, nor removeable by certi&rari.

Dili Ms not unlawful for want of form, nor the parry be deemed a trespasser ok tnitiv. Plaint iff not to recover, if tender of amends bath been made. Limitation cf actioas. General issue. Treble costs. Publick aCh

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets and lanes in the town and parish of Chatham, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

CAP. XIX.

An act to enablehis Majesty to grant certain houses in Fenchurch-street and Addle-streer, in the city of London, efebeated to the crown by the death of lieutenant-general John Brown, without heir, unto Frederick Montagu Esquire, and his heirs, upon the trusts therm mentioned.

WHEREAS lieutenant general John Brown, late of Hub- preamble.

bard's Hall, in the county of Essex, Esquire, deceasid, being seised of\ or intitled in, fee'simple to the messuages or dwelling-houses in Fenchurch-street and Addle-street, London, herein after mentioned, duly made and published his laji will and testament in writing, bearing date the seventeenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and attefed by three witnesses\ and did thereby (amongst other things) give and devise his houses in Fenchurch-street, and one in Addle-street aforesaid, to the charity of the Foundling Hospital; and he thereby appointed the right honourable lady Frances Burgoyne, the wife of Sir Roger Burgoyne baronet % foie executrix of his laji will: and whereas the said general John Brown, by a codicil to his foid Will, bearing date the twenty-third day of April, one thousand jseven hundred and fifty-six, expressed him-[elf as follows; that is to say, if wanting of legal forms my bequest to the Foundling Hspital shall not take place, I then give these houses to mistress Ann Becber9 (he paying her brother five hundred pounds; and whereas the said codicil was attested only by one witness: and whereas Ann Lucy Becher spinftery in the Ibid.codicil called mistress Ann Becher, in the year one thousand j'even hundred and sixty-three9 intermarried with Thomas Clarke, colonel in his Majestfs Coldstream regiment of foot guards: and whereas the faii John Brown died in the year one thousand f even hundred and sixty-four, without if see of his bqdy3 and without having made any other

dispofiting

Anne duodecimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1772.

4iifoofition of the said boufts: and whereas tie feud John Brown was the natural or reputed fen of the honourable general Henry Luralej dectafed who was the great uncle of the said lady Frances Burgoyne: and whereas after the due ofe of the fold John Brown, certain differences arose between the feud Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances Hs wife* and Thomas Clarke, and Ann Lucy his wife, in relation to their respective claims or pritenfions, under the feud will, end the codicils of the said general Brown: and whereas the said Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife, and Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy his wife, afterwards settled the matters in difference between them in an amicable manner: and by indenture of four parts, bearing date the twenty-eighth day of March, one thousandfevtn hundred and fewnty> and made between the said Sir Roger Bur-goync, end lady Frances his wife of the first fart; the said Thomas Clarke, and Ann Lucy his wife of the second part; Joyner Becher of Wokingham, in the county of Berks gentleman, brother of the said Ann Lucy Clarke, of the third part; and Henry Lake tf Sunning, in the said county of Berks gentleman of the fourth part\ it was {amongst other things) agreed, that alI the said parties thereto Should use all the means in their power to procure an inquisition to it found whereby the said hotlfes might be vejied inhis Majesty; and that immediately after such inquisition Should be found, the said Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy his wife, and Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife* Should jointly present an bumble petition, orufi such other means, by application to parliament, or otherwise, as council Should advisey in order that the said boiufes might be granted to, or vejied in Frederick Montagu a/rapptewicke, in the county of Nottingham, esquire, (being a person mutually appointed by the fold Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife> and Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy his wife*) his heirs and assigns, upon trusty and to the intent that be, his heirs or assigns, might fell the famehoufts for the most money, and at the best price that could be got for the law, with the approbation of the said Sir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife, Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy his wifey and their rtfpeflive heirs, executors, and administrators, and that the said Frederick Mont^u, his heirs and assigns, Should apply the money to arift by such faky in the manner therein and herein after mentioned; thot is to say, in the first place, in the payment of whatever the rents of the said premises Should falljbort of paying of the charges and expires therein mentioned, and, in the next place, in payment ef all cop, charges, and expences, of applying for, and obtaining such grout or act of parliament, and all other expences incident to such sale \ and, so the next place, in payment to the said Joyner Becher, his executors or admmjhaiors of the sum of force hundred pmndsy in lieu of, and ftiisfattien for the said sum offive hundred pounds, given to him bp the fold codicil 5 and in payment, in the next place, to the said Thomas Clarke, of the sum of one hundred pounds, in full for his cop of the Juits therein mentioned and that after the said fevoral pet meats Should be made, the remainder of the money to arise by such salt, together with the furplas of the said rents* (if any) Should be eptallf divided wit Moi(tiey$ and that one moiety thereof Should be said to tbt

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. f 9,

said Thomas CJarke and Ann Lucy his wife, their executors, administratorSi or assigns, 0*4 f&rt she ether moiety thereof Should be paid te the said lady France* Burgoyne, her executory admimfira-tors* or assigns: and whereas a writ of tjcbeat, bearing date the nine* teenth day of April* in the tenth year of the reign of Ids present Majesty, did tjsue, directed to the lord mayor of London, whereby hi was directed to enquire (amongst other things) whan and where the find John Brown died* and whether, without any heir or not, and if without any heir, what messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditamentst end of what yearly value he had at the time of his deaths and of whoa estate be died seised in the city of London* and if he made or executed any deed or will whereby be meant to grant or dispose of the same % and such messuages and hereditaments, which were of toe said John Brown at the time of his death, which in right of his MajestyS prerogative ought to devohe to his Majesty, the Jatd lord mayor was thereby commanded tafiize into his Majesty's bands: and whereas on the fsxteenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sevenly -ant an indenture and inquisition were duly executed and taken at Guild* bally in the city i/Xondon, between Brass Crafty esquire, then lord mayor of London, and efehcator of his Majesty within the said dty % of the one part, and the several persons whose names and feats were thereunto set jurors on the part and behalf of his Majesty, of the other part, whereby it was founds {amongst other things,) that the said John Brown died at Dison in Fiance, about the beginning of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, without any heir, and that be was at his death seised in fee of two messuages or tenements* Jltuate in the parish of Saint Gabriel, in the city of London, cue of which was then in tie possession of George Blakefley, at the yearly relit of thirty-one pounds, and that the ether of the said messuages 9vat then in the occupation of Elizabeth Hayes widow, at the yearly relit of fifty pounds*, and that he was also seised of a nujfuage, with the appurtenances, in Addle-'street, in the parish tf/Saint Faith the Virgin, Aldermanbury, in the said city, then in the tenure of Sarah Adney, at dbg yearly relit of fifteen pounds; and that the said three messuages or tenements were held of his Majesty in Soccage, and that the food John Brown made and published such will and codicil of fiub respecthvi dates and purports, and attefied respectively as herein before is mentioned, and the said Brass Crofny did thereby certify, that be bad ftized and taken the said three messuages with their appurtenances into the bands of his Majesty: And whereas the said Sir Roger Burgoyne and dame Frances his wife, colonel Thomas Clark# and Ann Lucy Isis wife Joyner Becher, and Frederick Montagu* bn a petition presented to the lords of of his Majestfs treasury, did pray, that their lord/bips would move his Majesty to content that a bill might be brought into parliament, for tufting the said hu+ fes in the said Frederick Montagu, and his heirs, for the Purposes mentioned in the said indenture of the twenty-eighth of March, one tbassfand fatten hundred and faventy: And whereas your Majesty bath been graewsfly pleased to eonfint that the said hmsjfts* now eftheated to the crown, may he granted to* and vested in the said Frederick Montagu, his heir* and assigns, upon the irsfts berpn b(ftrt mentioned,

and

1} Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1772.

*/ri in and if the said indenture of the twenty-eighth of March, m thousand seven hundred and fevtnfy* expressid and declared; but, as the inheritance in fee-simple of the said houses, new veftedin the crew*, eannet be effectually granted or dispofod of without the fanslim, rid, and authority of an act of Parliament 5 May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty (at the humble request and petition of the said fir.Re^ Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife, Thomas CMt and Ann £09his wife, Joyner Becker, and Frederick Montagu) that it may be enacted \ ara be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lotds spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be j lawful to and for the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs Bit Majesty and successors, at any time or times hereafter, by any letters Pt^ericj[n to patent, indenture or indentures, under the great feat of Greet Montagu, kc. Britain, hereafter to be made, to grant, convey, and assure, certain mef- unto the said Frederick Montagu, and his heirs, the said two fuagei in Fen* messuages, or dwelling-houses, situate in Fenchurch-street afore-church-meet, and the said memiage, or d welling-house, situate in Aillt-street aforesaid, herein-before particularly mentioned and de-(cribed, and now escheated to the crown, with all and fingukr out-houses, edifices, yards, backsides, ways, waters, water-courses, lights, easements, liberties, privileges, profits, commodities, advantages, emoluments, hereditaments, and appurtenances to the same, and every or any of them belonging, or in anywise appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, yearly and other rents, issues, and profits, of all and Angular the said messuages and premises, to have and to hold the said messuages or dwelling-houses, with the appurtenances thereto belonging, unto and to the use of the said Frederick Montagu, his heirs and assigns, for ever; but nevertheless upon trust, and to the intent that he the said Frederick Montagu, his heirs or assigns, do and shall fell the same houses for the most money, and at the best price that can be got for the same, with the approbation of the said fir Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife, Thomas Clarke and Ann Lucy his wife, and their respective heirs, executors, and administrators, and that he the said Frederick Montagu* his heirs and assigns, do and shall apply the money to arise by such fate in the manner and for the purposes in and by the said indenture of the twenty-eighth of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, mentioned and declared of and concerning the same.

Such convey-

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ance, so made. That any such grant, conveyance, or assurance of the said prevail be efkc- mises, or any part thereof, as shall be made by his Majesty, his J- heirs or successors, by any such letters patent, indenture or in-

lunding.1*dentures, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall be, and is and are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof in the said letters patent, indenture or indentures, to be expressed, notwithstanding any restriction. matter, or thing contained in an a A of parliament

3 - madt

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 20/ ky

made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen

jfnner intituled An act for the bitter support of her Majesty* 1 Act 1 Amue.

beufehold, and of the honour and dignity of the (town, or any other

law or Statute, or any mifrccital or non-recital, omission, or

other defect in the said letters patent, indenture or indentures*

hereafter to be made, in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, by theon file of the authority aforesaid, That after any such grant, conveyance, or premises, Frew assurance of the said premises, or any part thereof, mall have deriek Moo-

' been made by his Majesty, his heirs or successors as aforesaid, "SJ

and when the said premises, or any part thereof, shall be sold receipts for by the said Frederick Montagu, his heirs or assigns, in pursuance the money, of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Frederick ibe

Montagu, his heirs and assigns, to give and sign one or morcharewl receipt or receipts for the money to arise by any such sale; which*receipt or receipts shall be a good and effectua) discharge or discharges to the purchaser or purebafers of the said premises, or any part thereof, and to his, her, and their heirs and assigns, for so much money as in such receipt or receipts shall be expressed or acknowledged to be received; and such purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their heirs or assigns, shall not after* wards be answerable or accountable for any loss, application, misapplication, or non-application of the said purchase-money, or any part thereof,

IV. Saving always to all and every person and persons, bo- s*ving all indies politick and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, successors, terest therein executors, and adxninistrators, (other than and except the King's to persons most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, and the said fir conwned, Roger Burgoyne and lady Frances his wife, Thomas Clarkt and Ann

Lucy his wife, Joyner Becher, and Frederick Montagu, their respective heirs, executors, and administrators), all such estate, right, title, and interest of, in, to, or out of the said premises, or any part thereof, as they, or any of them, could or might have had if this act had not been made.

CAP. XX.

An act for the more efeftual proceeding against persons ft anding mute on their arraignment for felony, or piracy.

FOR the more effectual proceeding against persons standing mute on preimye# their arraignment for felony, or piracy, be it enacted by the King's raoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con* sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person, from and after the passing of this act, be- P«r*bn$ here-ing arraigned on any indictment, or appeal for felony, or on ^ned for*" any indictment for piracy, shall, upon such arraignment, standfcjf"y> 0°r mute, or will not answer directly to the felony, or piracy, such piracy* person so standing mute, as aforesaid, shall be convicted of the standingmite* felony or piracy charged in such indictment or appeal} and \TT\ the court before whom he shall be so arraigned shall thereupon }^ny £r uc

award piracy.

Rrorifiont of bit act to extend to America.

Amro duodecimo Georgii III. c. 21. ("1772.

award judgement and execution against such per fen, in the same manner as if such person been convicted by verdict or confessiof* of the felony, or piracy, charged in such indidfenent or appal; and such judgement shall have all the same conferences in every respect.as if such person had been convidfced by verdict or confession of such felony or piracy, and judgement bad been thereupon awarded.

II. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of thisatt shall extend to his Majesty's colonies and plantations in Jmerice,

CAP. XXI.

An act for giving relief in proceedings upon writs of Man-

damns, for the ddmission of freemen into corporations \ and for other purpefes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divert persons, who hove a right to be admitted citizens, burgeffts, or freemen, of divers cities, towns corporate^ boroughs, cinque ports, and places, within that part of Great Britain sailed England and Wales, being refused to be admitted thereto, have, in many cases, no other ordinary remedy to procure tbcmselves to be admitted to the franchises of being citizens, burgejfa, or freemen, than by writs of Mandamus, the proceedings on which are very dilatory and expenfivt; and, although any such writ tf Mandamus is obeyedy the person applying is nevertheless put to grist anduumeeffkry trouble, delay, and expence: and whereas by the km now in being, in many cases, no provifum is made for giving co/h tt the party suing out any such writ where the same is obeyed; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord* spirituil uu a «. aRd temporal, anrf commons, in this present parliament assemb-i, 177a, Uany rod by the authority of the same, That from and after the person intit- first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, led to be ad- where any person shall be intitled to be admitted a citizen, bur-mitted a citi- gCfs^ or freemen, of any such city, town corporate, borough, any rity, °and c>n<lue Porti or place* and shall apply to the mayor, or other per-applying to son, officer or officers, in such city, town corporate, borough,

themayor.&c. cinque port, or place, who hath or have authority to admit ci-for that pur- tizens, burgesses, and freemen therein, to be admitted a citizen, siring him burgess, or freeman thereof; and shall give notice, specifying notict, speci- the nature of his claim, to such mayor, or other officer or offi-fying the na- cers, that if he or they shall not so admit such person a citizen, me of his burgess, or freeman, within one month from the time of such if fudi mayor, notice* the court of King's Bench will be applied tb for a writ of fccK ftudl re*Mandamus, to compel such admission; and if such mayor, or fuse to admit other officer or officers, shall, after such notice, refuse or neg-fu*h P<£(<w* lect to admit such person, and a writ of Mandamus shall after-mu fcahlfsue, war<^s ^ue to-compel such mayor, or other officer or officers, to for compelling nialee such admission, and, in obedience to such writ, such per-bit admission, fons shall be admitted by the said mayor, or other officer or officers, a citizen, burgess, or freeman of such city, town corporate, borough, cinque port, or place, then such person IMt

unless

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 12.

(unless the court shall fee just cause to the contrary) obtain and receive from the said mayor, or other officer or officers, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, all the costs to which he mayor to shall hare been put in applying for. obtaining and serving such cqA* writ of Mandamus, and enforcing the same, by a rule to be made by the court out of which such writ shall issue, for the payment thereof, together with the costs of applying for, obtaining, serving, and enforcing the said rule; and if the rule so to be made shall not be obeyed, then the same shall be enforced in such manner as other rules made by the said court are or may be enforced by law.

II. And, in order that it may be known what persons are, Freemen to from time to time, admitted freemen or burgesses of any city, ^infaeft d* corporation, borough, or cinque port, be it further enacted by Cntri^ ad« the authority aforesaid, That the mayor, bailiff, town clerk, or mission, &c. other officer of any city, corporation, borough, or cinaue port, and to take having thq custody of, or power over, the records of the same, coP1Mt|wreofc shall, upon the demand of any two freemen or burgesses, permit such freemen or burgesses, and their agent or agents, at any time whatsoever, between the hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon, to inspect the entries of admission of freemen, burgesses, or other inferior corporators, and to take copy or extracts therefrom, paying for every such inspection two shillings and fixpeqee; and for every such copy or extract, not exceeding seventy-two words, the sum of four-pence; Mayor, and so in proportion for all such copies or extracts: and if any liss, &c. demayor, bailiff, town clerk, or other officer, shall refiife or deny nying inspec* the infoeftion of any such entries, or to give copies or extracts thereof, as before directed j he or they shall, for every such de- give copies nial orrefusal, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds thereof; frail, to any person who shall sue for the same; to be recovered, with for e*cry re-full costs of suit, by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of records at Westminster; in which action, it shall be to be recover* sufficient for the plaintiff to alledge in his declaration, that the ed by action defendant or the defendants is or are indebted to the said plain* of debt, tiff in the sum of one hundred pounds for money had and received to his use; provided that such action shall be commenced {JJ year within the space of one year after the cause of it shall have arisen, after the cause and not afterwards. frail have

CAP. XXII. "»fcn-

An act for deepening, cleaning, scouring. preserving, and maintaining, the harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the quays and piers; for erecting docks, breads, jetteer, and piers; and for regulating ships, lighters, and other veflVls, trading into and going out of the said harbour; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Proved, bailies, &c. impowered to deepen, clean, &c. the harbour of Ayr; who are annually to be appointed trustees. What harbour duties are to be paid. Exemptions from duties. Ships and vessels to be measured $ and if the owner refuse, to forfeit < 1. Trustees to appoint collectors, receivers, and other officers, and to settle their fees, &c. Collectors, &c. to keep books. General accounts of receipts and payments to be dated. Evading the payment of the duties, how to be prevented.

Harbour dudes to be levied in case of refusal to pay them. Traders, &c. sf ships evading the payment of duties, to forfeit % f. Trustees may borrow

3. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.

[177*.

[Publick act.]

row money. Rates and duties, after paying expences of the act, to be applied in improving the harbour. Obstructions in the harbour to be re. moved. Ships unserviceable not to lie in the dock*, piers, &c. Goods. &c, remaining on the wharfs above a certain time, officers to remove them at the expence of the owners. Trustees may hire warehouses. Gunpowder, and other combustible matter, not to remain on quays or piers above a certain time, unless proper persons be appointed to guard them, or forfeit 10l. Shipa, Sec. may be removed from one birth to another. Matters, &c. refuting to remove ships, See. afrer proper notice, to for eit sol. coming into the harbour in distress, to have the preference as to the birth and discharge, or the matter so refuting to forfeit sol. Matters of vdfcii to lower the fails before they enter the docks, or forfeit 5l. Ballast, See. not to be thrown into the harbour, or forfeit 40s. Balialt thrown on the quays to be removed immediately, or foi ftnt 40s. Matters of vejfth made answerable for damages done by their crews. Water bailiff and store matter to inspect state of the harbour. Fines and forfeitures above 51, how to be recovered and applied. Other fines. See. how to be recovered. Penalties may be mitigated. Trustees i no powered to open stone quarries, and dig for (and, Sec. in waste grounds; and for want of sufficient mate- rials in commons, private grounds may be used. Making fat is fast ion to owners.'Roads may be made to the harbour through commou or private grounds, &c. Persons wilfully destroying any of the works to be adjudged guilty of felony, and may be transported. Trustees, at a general meeting, may make bye-la*s, Sec. Persons lending money for the purposes of the act, intitled to a (bare in the management. Sec. and may chuse trustees. Time and place of the general meetings. Duties may be Uffcncd. Commencement and continuance of the act. It may be pleaded in actioni brought. Sherifff Sec to assist in the execution Of the act.

CAP. XXIII.

An ail far the relief of insolvent debtors \ and for indemnifying tie marshaVof the King's Bench prison from prof editions at laWy for certain escapes from the feud prison.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS many trersons % by Losses, and other misfortunes, art rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost satisfaction they can, and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by sea or land* yet are detained in prison by their creditors, or have been farced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas such unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper objects of publick companion; and, by several acts of parliament, have been discharged on the conditions in such alls mentioned: for the relief therefore of insolvent prisoners and fugitives, who shall comply with the terms contained in this act, to be respectively observea by them, and faithfully discover, upon oath, and deliver up and 3fsign, all their effects and estates whatsoever for the benefit of their creditors; and to prevent, as far as, possible, the many frauds and abuses which, in a great measure, have obstructed the good ends of such acts; be it en-Alpbabetjcal acted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ad-htts to be vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and coax-made out of mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-wftod^for1 rity That from and after the passing of this act, all

deb°on Jan.i, anc* every gaoler, or keeper of any prison, in any county, rid->77*, grfmee ing, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this king-tfastfUtei dom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact,

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23; 33

and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every person or persons who, upon the first day of January, one First day of thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, was or were, or at Jan. 177*, any time lince have been, and at the time of making out every such lift shall be, really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, sum or sums of money, contempt, or otherwise, and an account of the time when such prisoner or the t; mt prisoners was' or were respectively charged in custody, or received when charg-in prison, together with the name or names of the person or cd, and at persons at whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is whose suit*or are detained; and shall deliver the same, to the justices of the peace, at their first or second general or general quarter sessions Th« same to of the peace, to be held after the passing of this act, or at some l^to^hequar. adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, division, city, ter sessions. town, place, or liberty respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the warden of his Ma- The warden of jesty's prison of the Fluty and marshal of the King's Bench pri- the Fleet, and son, shall fevjerally, on the delivering in of any such lift of pri- !*ar(ha1' th* foners in their respective custody, take an oath in the open court toc"acke of such general or general quarter-session of the peace, or at the following some adjournment thereof, to the effect following; (that is to say) oath on delivering in their

I A B, upon my corporal oatby in the presence of Almighty Gody do*" solemnty sweary profefty and declare9 That all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted and contained in the first part of the: lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and weriy to the best of my knowledge and beliefy upon the fir (I day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-twoy really and truly prisoners, in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of [insert the name of the prison] at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned 5 and affo that all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the said lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, bavey [wee the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-twoy been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [insert the name of the gaol or prison] at the Juit or Juits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; except such person or persons who is or are in such lift particularly mentioned and described to have diedy been discharged, or removed to some other prisony by process of law, time the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two 5 and also except such person or persons who is or are in such lift particularly mentioned and described to have bun permitted to have gone out of the said prisony by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas, or King's Bench, as*the case shall be] ftnee the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-twOy to transact their affairs; and also except such person or persons who is or ar$ therein also particularly* mentioned and described to havey upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-twoy or sincey been in the rules of the said prison [of the Fleet, or Vol. XXX. D King's

34 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.i % [1772.

King's Bench, as the case shall be] by leave of the [warden, or xnarmal of the said prison, as the case shall be] and have, to the biji of my knowlege and belief really and truly, ever since, continued and remained in actual custody in the said prison [of the Fleet, or King's Bench, as the case shall be] or the liberties thereof at the suit or suits of the several per font in the said lift respectively mentioned [and ir any prisoners have, since the said first day of Jom-ary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, escaped out r of either of the said prisons then insert] except [insert the name or names of the prisoner or prisoners who have escaped] who, without my knowledge, privity, or corf ext, bath or have escaped out of the said prison of and that the said lift is a true, exact, perf ect, and just lift, of all such persons who were really and truly prisoners in alium custody in the said gaol or prison of on the said first day y January,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and who* finu the foil first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, have been committed t % and really have been, and now is, or are prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in the find gaol or prison of

or the liberties thereof \ and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have, voluntarily, or with design, or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of infohent id-tors, surrendered themselves, or been committed to the said prison, or got their names entered as prisoners in the booh of the find prison-, or since the same first day of January, one thousand seven hundred onl seventy-two, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have refill out of the said prison of or the rules thereof

[but if any have lo done, add, except naming

such by name]

Other gaolers, And that every other gaoler and Jkeeper of any other prison or on delivering prisons in any county, city, town, riding, division, place, or in their lifts, liberty, shall severally^ on the delivering in of any such lift re-

1° be with fP*aively> ta*ce an oatkn °Pen court the general or om go.gencfa] quarter*sessions of the county, city, town, division, liberty, or place, for which he or she shall deliver in any such lift, and swear to the effect following; (that is to say)

I' A B, upon my corporal oath, in the prefeme of Almighty Gad, is solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every persons and persons, whose name or names art inserted or contained in the first part of the lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was ani were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, upon the first day of Januafy, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, really anl truly prisoners in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of at the suit or suits of the several persons therein respcCHvely mn* tioned 5 and also that all and every perfem and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted or contained in the second part of the foil lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, finittht fetid first day of January, me thousand seven hundred and sevenly-

m

35

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23."

two* been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of

(if any such prisoner or prisoners hath or have, since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, been committed or surrendered to such gaol or prison) at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned; except [if any exception is necessary] such per font as are therein particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other prison by process of law, or to have efcoped out of such prison, without my privity knowledge, or consent, fence the Jatd first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two $ and that all and every of them, wkofe name and names is and are contained in the first part of the said lift, (except as before excepted) to the best of my knowledge and belief have really and truly continued in aftuat custody, in the said gaol or prison of ever ftnce the said first day of

January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and that the said lift is a true, exact, perfect, and just lift, of all such persons as were really and truly prisoners in actual custody, in the said gaol or prison of on the said first day of January,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and who, fence the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two* have been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of (except as before excepted) to the

heft of my knowledge and belief; and that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with design\, or in expectation to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, surrendered, or been committed to the said prison of or got his, her, or their name or names entered as prisoner or prisoners in the books of the said prison, or, ftnce the commitment, have, to my knowledge, or with my privity, resided out of the said prison of

[if any have so done, then add except inferring the ir

names]

Which said respective oaths the said justices, at the first or fe- The oath to cond general or quarter session aforesaid, or at some adjourn- ^The iu- ment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby ftice»in court, impowered and required to administer in open court; and fcthe words of the said oath herein before directed to be taken by the said warden and marshal respectively, shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the'lift which shall be delivered in by and entered them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them and subscribed respectively in open court; and the words of the oath to be taken^each by every other gaoler or keeper respectively shall be entered or 0 written at the end or bottom of the lift which shall be delivered'by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open court: and every such lift which shall Lift to be kept be so delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of by thechrk this act, shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or^Pcacc# other officer, acting as clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively, in

V 2 which

3«

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1772.

which any such lift as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and lb as the lame may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors of prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward.

Copies of the

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lilt* to be de- That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol be'fixed'upin or P^son, is and are hereby required, ten days at least before the prison*, the first or second general or quarter session of the peace shall be and on the held after the passing of this act, for the county, riding, divi-gate* thereof. f)on, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol or prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous place or places in every such prison, and at the most frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance, into every such prison, three or more true copies of the list or lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper at the j said general or quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof. Persontinfert.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and ed in the lift* persons whose name or names shall be inserted in any such lift being prison- to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the first day of Ja-fraudalent*1*nuarJt on thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, were really intendon, on and truly prisoners in the actual custody of any gaoler or gaolers, Jan. t, 177s. or keeper of any prison respectively of this kingdom, and did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the.book of any gaol or prison as a prisoner or prisoners there, with a view or design to take the benefit of some act for relief of in-... solvent debtors, and who shall take the oath herein after men-

to thereguia-'ond» and shall perform on his or her part what is required to tiens of this he done by him or her by this act, shall be for ever released and aft, shall be discharged from his or her imprisonment, in such manner as discharged. hereafter is provided.

_ ..*V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-

custodylt the fore^a'^» That any prisoner or prisoners who shall be in actual time of paIRng custody at the time of passing this act, and was or were, on or thit aft, who before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and were arrested seventy-two, arrested, and in actual custody of an officer, for -befw Jan" V. any ^um m sums of money by virtue of any writ or process iflfuing 177s, and held out of any court of record, and held to the bail thereon, and to bail, and did, on or before the twelfth day of, one thousand

r*nde.r*d seven hundred and seventy-two, render him, her, or themselves, or^foreFeb!or was or were surrendered in discharge of his, her, or their bail, as, <77*, on'*nd thereupon committed to prison, and has or have continued conforming to therein until the passing of this act, by virtue of such cotnmit-the reguta- ment; every such prisoner or prisoners shall, upon due proof of ft'foanbe* Prm'fs upon oath, be discharged from such debt or de-discharged. mand, in like manner as if such prisoner or prisoners had been actually in prison upon the said first day of, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the same restrictions and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, herein before imposed upon prisoners actually in

_.custody

7

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23?

custody upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred a/id seventy-two; and also subject to the same terms and provisions relating to the estate and effects of every such prisoner as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for justices, upon any justice or justices of any county, riding, division, city, town, the petition of place, or liberty, within this kingaom, upon the petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or justices of the peace J"ringVfche-within his or their respective jurisdictions, upon every such pri- dale of his foner or prisoners so petitioning, and, at the time of his or her estate* so petitioning, leaving with the justice or justices of the peace, who shall be so petitioned, a true copy of the schedule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first or second general or quarter* session next ensuing after every such petition, or some adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, to require the (hcriff or sheriffs, gaoler orthcirwwant gaolers, or keeper of any such prison within the jurisdiction of for bringing any such justice or justices, to bring before the justices at the the prisoner first or second next general or general quarter-session of the peace, to the quarter-or any adjournment thereof to be held, as the case shall happen fcfliong» to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the said pri- with the war-son as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or herr*A*°fd«tain-detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes writ°

which he, she, or they, is or are charged with in any such gaol

or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; which warrant of Gaoler, &c. to every such justice or justices every such sheriff and sheriffs, gao- obey such ler, or keeper, is and are herebycommanded to obey. warrant.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the copy of every (bhedule Schedule of which shall be left with any such justice or justices, shall* with the prisoner* inten days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by tMnftnkted to justice or justices, with whom the same shall be so left, to the the clerk of clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk the peace, of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place,

or liberty, in which the some shall have been (o left, there to^remain and be inspected, from time to time, as occasion shall of the wedi-require, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall desire to tort, inspect the same.

VIII. And fee it also enacted, That every such justice or ju- Jafticef dices who shall refuse or omit, within the space of ten days, to {bj^so^o transmit the copy of the fqhedule so left with him as aforesaid, days to trans-to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a fling as mit a copy of clerk of the peace, for the county, riding, division, city, town, the schedule place, or liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, Ibe^acc-fodl shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten forfeit 10l. pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any

of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster> by action of debt, together with costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same; and one moiety of which

p 3 money

38 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1772.

money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the same, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed. Prisoners in*

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every prisoner tending tope- an(j prisoners; who shall Intend to petition to be discharged un-dif^arge, are ^cr a<^> as aforesaid, shall first cause publick notice to be into give previ- ferted in three several London Gazettes^ previous to such general ous notice or quarter-session, and the adjournment thereof, at which the thereof thrice fald prisoner or prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any and Other* Sa°l London, or within the weekly bills of mortality; and if newspaperi: prisoner shall be in custody in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in Tome newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be so in custody; containing the name, trade, and occupation, Contents of and two last places of abode, if so many, of every such prisoner the notice. and prisoners and the prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the

days, and the last 10 days, before the quarter-sessions, &c.

benefit of this act, and mentioning such notice in each Goztitt ad.each time, ?r newspaper, to be the first, second, or third notice, accord-and no more, ing to the time of publiftiing each of such notices; and for the to be paid for inferring of each of which said several notices in the said Gazttuy rotices!8 fUCh orn any ot^er newspaper, there shall be paid, each time, by First notice to every such prisoner, two-pence, and no more: the first of which be inserted 30 said notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other newspapers, as the case may require, thirty days at lead, and the last of the said hotices ten days at lead, before any such first or second general or quarter-session, and adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid; so that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said prisoner or prisoners in custody, as those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof.

Prisoner being X. And be it further enacted, That every such prisoner as brought into aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such warrant as aforesaid, pubHcarion of '3roug^t to any general or general quarter-session, or the notices any adjournment thereof, shall in case it shall be proved upon required being oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and newspapers proved, &c. before mentioned to the said justices at any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such' notices were so inserted in the London Gazette, and other newspapers, where required, in manner-as herein before is directed, and that the person or persons so petitioning was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on the said first day of "fanuary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or since, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the list of prisoners there delivered in at any such first or second session, or any adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall, in open court at the said general or quarter-session, or any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of ail his or her real estate, either in possession, rever-

if to deliver in a schedule of his estate, debts, anij ere ditois.

Con,

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.'^9

fion, remainder, or expectancy; and also the whole of his or her personal estate which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or intitled to, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respective-lv live, or may be met with; and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured j and if by mortgage, Specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contracts (if there be any such), and shall also make oath and swear to the effect following; (that is to say)

I A B, upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, ^oath o^de-solemnly /wear, protefi, and declare, That on the first day o/livering in"rh« January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, / was a said schedule. prisoner, or else [as the case may be] that fence the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, I have fur* rendered, or have been committed to the prison of in discharge of my bail, or for want of bail, [as the case shall be] end that I was actually arrested, and in custody of an officer before the find first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seven-tytwo, in the a ft ion or suit, actions or suits, in which fur render* ed, or was committed, as of ore said, to the said gaol or prison of

and that I have, ever fence my Jasd surrender or commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of in the actual custody of the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of or within the liber tier

thereof at the suit of, and without any fraud

or collufton whatsoever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and fuofiribed, doth contain, to the befi of my knowledge remembrance, and belief a full, just, true, and perfect account and discovery of all the goods, effects, and estates, real and personal, either in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, 'which 1, or any person in trust for me, or for my benefit or advantage, am seised or possessed of, interested in, or intitled to; and of all debts as are to me owing\ or to any person or persons in trust for me; and of all the securities and contrafts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any person or persons in trust for me; and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contracts, [if any such there be] \ and that neither I, nor any other person or persons in trust for me, or for my use9 have any lands, money, fiock, or any estate real or personal, in possession, re* verfiots, or remainder or expectancy, other toon what are in the said fhedule contained; except wearing apparel, and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, and these in the whole not exceeding the value of twenty pounds \ and that I have not, nor any body for me hath, directly or indirectly, fold, Icjfened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust,

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 2 3.

[17/7.

or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels. sink,

debts, securities, contracts, whereby to ft.

cure the same, or to receive or txpeB any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to to 1 am or was indebted in any howsoever.

So help me GOD.

schedule and and the said schedule and oath shall be by every such prisoner ?*hr*subscribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the 'the court!m P^cc M hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain and lodged with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&og with the derk at clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, dirifkn, of the peace, town, or place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, nrinationtf ^or tile better information of all the creditors of such prisoner the enditon. who shall desire, or may have occasion, to reibrt thereto; and every such creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day-time, to peruse and examine the lame.

Court, if re-

XI. And be it further enacted, That the justices within their quired bjr the respective jurisdictions at any such general or general quarter administeran or adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor

oath to the or creditors of any such prisoner, are hereby authorised to cause gaoler, or any the deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet, and King's Bench other person, prison, and any other under officer, tipstaff, and turnkey of any cTthe^matters B30* or prison, and any other person, to come before them, and prescribed to to examine them respectively on oath, touching any of the mat-be sworn to ters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this act to be The prison- taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which shall barer'* oath not been taken in open court by any such prisoner or prisoners shall ed!"the toutT* not* disproved by good testimony of any credible person or U to discharge persons on oath, and such justices, or the major part of them, him present at any such general or quarter session, shall be finished

with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective prisoner, then such justices shall, in such session, or same adjournment thereof, command the said sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, forthwith to set at liberty, such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or upon paying a reward other than one shilling for his or their attendance with ee of is. to such prisoner or prisoners at such general or quarter session, or the gaoler. any adjournment thereof, in order for his, her, or their discharge, and which every such sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of such prison or prisons, is and are here-Gaolerindem- by authorised to receive and take for every such order: and eve-nified for the ry such order shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or she-escape. riffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any escape or escapes, or action or actions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against him or them.

*ate and ef-

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority prisoner u* That all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such pri-ee his dif*P* fooer, of, in, and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold and

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. a 3. 41

copy as customaryhold, and to all the personal estate, debts, charge, to <eft and effects, of every such prisoner, shall, immediately after the jh« cl«rk discharge of any such prisoner, be, and the same is hereby vest- °* "e ?eat* ed in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, of apd for the county, riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, where any fitch prisoner shall be respectively discharged; and every" such clerk of the who Is to peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, make over*is hereby directed and required to make an assignment and conveyance of every such prisoner's estate and effects, vested in such Jj^edby tb clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk court of the peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said prisoner, as the justices at any general or general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order or direct, (which assignment and conveyance shall be good and effedhial in law to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stampt) and to vclft the estates thereby assigned and Conveyed, in the party or parties to whom the same shall be (o assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the prisoner had therein; and for the pre- for. which hs paring, ingrafting, and executing, of which assignment and con- is to be paid veyance, no clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer act- and no ing as clerk of the peace, shall take any greater fee than two more* shillings; and every such assignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such prisoner, in respect or in proportion to their respective debts: and every person or persons to whom any such Assignees!» assignment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are powered to hereby fully impowered to sue, from time to time, as there may "*» be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such prisoner, and also to execute, any trust or power vested in, or created for,nd execute the use or benefit of any such prisoner; but in trust, for the benefit of him or them(elyes, and the rest of the creditors of prisoner", be. every such prisoner; and to give discharge and discharges to any half debtor or debtors of any such prisoner as shall be requisite: and and give dif-every such assignee and assignees shall, with all convenient speed after his or their accepting any such assignment or conveyance, get m,with use his and their bed endeavours to receive and get in the estate all speed, the and effects of every such prisoner; and shall, with all conve- efote and «f-nient speed, make sale of all the estates of such prisoner vested ^.* in such assignee or assignees; and if any such prisoner shall be ^ndmake interested in, or intitlea to, any real estate, either in possession, foie, within reversion, or expectancy, the same, within the space of two two months months after every such assignment and conveyance, shall be of sold by publick auction in such manner, and at such place, as the major part of the creditors of any such prisoner who shall agreed upon assemble together on any notice in writing published in the Lon- at a met ting

dtn

ec for t tat pirpost s

ad make a

<vidtnd ^thin three lonths;

xft making p their ac-ounts and erifying the ime upon ath.

4t Anno duodecimo Georgii ID. C. 23^ [1772.

ofithe credi-. Jon Gazette, or in some daily paper, if the prisoner before his going to gaol resided in London»or in the weekly bilk of mortality, w* and if elsewhere, then in some news paper which shall be published in or sear the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner dwelt before he or flic was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such side shall be made, shall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on: and every such assignee and ailigooes, at the end of three months at farthest from the time of his accepting any such affigmneot or conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair dividend of all such pjrifoner's estates and effects which shall have been then got in amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor's respective debts; but before any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees shall make up an account of such prisoner's estate; and make oath in writing before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding9.division, town, liberty, or place, in which any such pri-fbner shall have been discharged, that every such account contains a just and fair account of the estate and effects of every such prisoner got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged, were truly and bona fide made and iretobe°W- 5 anc* not*ce of the making of every such dividend shall be a of making* published in like manner as a meeting of creditors is herein before directed to be published, thirty days at lead before the same shall be made; and no creditor shall be allowed to receive any share of such dividend, until he shall have made out the justness and identity of his respective debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before some such justice or justices: and if any creditor of such prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the reality or fairness of d any claime<*any other creditor, then the same, at the tobe exam- re<lucft of any such creditor or creditors so dissatisfied, shall be edintoand examined into by the justices of the county, riding, division, determined by city, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner shall have been the court. discharged, at their next general or general quarter session, and pmmer't*what they shall there determine in the premises, shall becon-efhue, after elusive to all parties: and if, after payment of all such prisoner's creditors, there shall any of his estate and effects remain after payment of all reasonable charges, the same shall be paid to such prisoner, his executors or administrators.

XIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no suit in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of any such prisoner's estate and effects, without the consent of the major part in value of the creditors of such prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a notice to be given in the Loads* Gazette for that purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace of every respective county, city, and county town, and county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any schedule of the estates of any insolvent

debtor.

i of making ay divi-<knds; aid none to rceive any flare thereof bit such as flail prove

fatiifying all claims thereon, to go to the prisoner. No suit in equity to be.commenced, but by content of the majority in value of the creditors. Clerk or the peace to exhibit to the creditor, or hh attorney, upon payment

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 2£ 43

debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, shall be left, and his of 1«. the successors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, aft- Schedule of ing as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable request of'any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or effects. debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce find shew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the schedule of the estates of any such ihfol-vent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecefior in that office; the person so requiring to fee and peruse any such schedule paying or repdering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the Cuip of one shilling for his trouble in searching for, and looking out, such schedule, and attending whilst the same shall be perused by the party or parties requiring to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same: and that a true copy of every such schedule, signed by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the ^nted,0 peace, in whose custody the same shall be, or his deputy, pur-9

porting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on stampt paper, and for which copy no more shall be paid than sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to contain seven- evidence^in ty-two words, and so in proportion for a less number of words au courts, in any sheet, shall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the same: and if any clerk of the c^ei*peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, shall, on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or such schedule, refuse to produce to any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or to deliver a or his or their attorney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to copy thereof, permit the same to be inspected as aforesaid, in the day-time, on such payment or tender as aforesaid being made to him; or for the same, shall a(k or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to contain seventy-two words, and so in proportion for less than seventy-two words in a sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy* of any such schedule, on being requested as aforesaid so to make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy, after the rate aforesaid; shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum forfeits 10l. of ten pounds 5 which shall and may be sued for and recovered*5 e in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, together with treble costs of suit, in the name of any One moiety person who shall prosecute for the same: and one moiety octo the Pr°fe* which money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the party other*to\he C who prosecutes for the same, and the other moiety thereof to poor of the the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed, parish.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such time as any assignee or afllgnees, as aforesaid, shall enter on, or coSomary

take any profit from any copyhold ot customary estate as afore- estates to

said, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lords compound

of the manor or manors of whom the same shall be holden, for w»tb the lord

7 of the manor.

and to be admitted tenants thereupon. "

The prisoner'*

terect, See. only to be iffe&ed by this

All mortgages, fta-

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23; [1772.

the payment of such fine, or income as, upon any surrender and admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or composition, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or some subsequent court, which shall be holden for the said manor or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such assignee or assignees, tenant to such copyhold or customary premises, according to the custom of the said manor or manors of which the same shall be holden, for and during such estate and interest as the prisoner had therein at the time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold or customary premises.

XVI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall

right and m- ^tend to prejudice or affect any estate, or interest, or right whatsoever, of any other person or persons, other than the said prisoner or fugitive which may be expectafit upon, or subject unto, the estate or interest of the said prisoner or fugitive hereby vested in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person and persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner, as if this act had not been made.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority a-recoa- forefcid* That nothing in this act shall extend or be construed

nizancestand to binder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the judgements, estate of such prisoner or prisoners, or any part thereof, to take are to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprised able'to claimsn lnort8a Be or mortgages respecti vely 3 nor to prevent any of an inferior ft^tute-staple, Statute-merchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknowledged by, or obtained against, any such prisoner or prisoners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such prisoner or prisoners 3 and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Statute or recognizance, or any writ or execution mall have been taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer, upon any such judgement, before such discharge shall be given in open session to any such person as aforesaid, the personal estate of every such prisoner respectively (half be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, Statute, recognizance, or judgement respectively, in like manner as such morgagees and editors, by Statute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners respectively if this act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas many persons who maybe intitled- to, and claim the benefit of this act, are Jeifed and possesstd of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such prisoners for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leafts, and taking fines, rtfemni small rents on such estates, for one, two, or three lives, in possessim er

rever-

nature.

Power in the prisoner of leating lands, See. to vest in the assignees.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.' 45

reverson, or for some number of years dtttrminable upon lives;

said powers ought to be executedfor the benefit of the creditors

prisoners; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case, all and every the powers of leafing such. lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or shall be vetted in any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid shall be, and are hereby vetted in the assignee or assignqes of the real and personal estate of such prisoner, by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XIX. And whereas in same gaols or prisons in this, the The a£Hug

affict of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for or otherwise, by - ^e*of d^-fons who never all as gaolers or keepers the or know any thing v'^ng the

of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some or lift*, only under them as gaolers or keepers of such gaols or prisons; be it there- liable to he fore enacted, That in every such case, the person who shallfworn* have been actually employed and acted as deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison, at the time of the delivering in the lifts, hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in any such gaol or prison, at any general or quarter session of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper (unless where such principal gaoler or keeper shall act as a gaoler or keeper himself) shall take the oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Court, if re-

That the justices, at any general or quarter session of the peace,

or adjournment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought S^mrThenri-in pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or ibner'« dif-creditors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his charge i« to or her discharge, administer, and give to the gaoler, or the per- adjainifter the son who aAs as gaoler or keeper of any such prison, at the time to thVaaoler. of bringing up any such prisoner, order to be discharged under 8 this act, an oath to the following effect, (that is to say: )

I A B doswear, That was really and truly a The °*tb«

prisoner in my custody, in the prison of to the

heft of my knowledge and belief at or upon the first day of January, an* thousand seven hundred and ftvtniy-two $ that the copy or topics of the cause or causes of his or her commitment or, now

by me brought with the body of the said and

produced to this court, is or ore a true copy or copies of the cause or eaufes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by

me, or any other person whatsoever % to knowledge and

belief.

So help me GOD.

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler If such per-or keeper, of any such gaol or prison on the said first day of*" not January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or since, "*

shall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler Jan. 177s,

or

46 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23* [f77*>

&c. then the or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, at the time of any such following oath jjft as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the niftered w1* ju^'ccs at kffion, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give the respectivo person or persons who shall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, and deliver in any such lift as aforesaid, at any such general, or quarter feffioir, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or Kooks of commitment, of any such prison, to the effect following, (that is to say)

1A B dofivea?. That I have examined the commitments, or hoots kepi of or tonttrning the commitment, of prisoners to the prison of, in the [county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty of as the case shall be j] and that I do verify believe that the said or books of commitment, are really true, and not fi&itwus, nor calculated fot this purpofi) and by them it doth appear, that was on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-rwo, really and truly a prifiner in the of the then gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the said prison, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or persons, to my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

Coart, if re- XXI. And, in order to discover any fraudulent entries or quired by a commitments of prisoners in any gaol books, be it further en-creditor, may added by the authority aforesaid, That the justices at any gene-person who 01 <luarter feon of the peace, or any.adjoumment thereof, acted as gaoler are hereby author!fed, at the request of any creditor or creditors on Jan.1, 1771, of any prisoner, to convene before them, at same certain time or since, to be appointed by them, any person or persons who was or

were gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or prison within their respective jurisdictions, on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and' seventy-two, and finm<iw or at any time since; and to examine every such gaoler or bim touching keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper on oath, touching the the commit- commitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, mentandcon-as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or ad-custody of the journment thereof, shall think fit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or prisoner. keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to

G 1 d'f bring before such justices at any session of the peace, or ad-.

beying the journment thereof, any prisoner, as shall be directed and re-

warrant, or qnired by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to at-order of the tend on being summoned for that purpose; or if any gaoler or r£.*c- keeper attending, shall refuse to make answer and discovery in with trebte l^c premises, as shall be reasonably required at such general or coflt, quarter session, or any adjournment thereof; he, she, or they,

so offending in the premises, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and' pay the sum of one hundred pounds} to be recovered

47

1772-I Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.

by and in the name, and for the use, of the party injured, by action of debt to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with treble costs of salt.

XXII. And whereas great number of workmen, skilful in the fe- x>cbtor* who vtral trades ani manufactures of this kingdom, and also many able were beyond seamen and mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the whole of the feat on their respefiivt debts, and dreading the miseries of a gaol, bane chose Jan-77* to leave their employments and native country, and have enteredthem- [hcmfelvel^ selves in foreign service: and whereas their continuance abroai must may take the be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore benefit of this' to induce and enable such persons to return, be it enacted by the au- aft« thority aforesaid, That all and every debtor and debtors, who was or were actually beyond the seas in foreign parts on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and feveity-two, and did not go into such foreign parts with the view or intuit to gam or have the benefit of an insolvent debtors act, who (fall return and surrender himself or themselves within fourteen d*ya next immediately after his or their landing in England, unto the gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of the prisons of the King*

Bench, Morjbalsea, or Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, or it* duted gaoler or keeper, of the prison or prisons of such countyv city, town, riding, divisiott, liberty, or place, where such debtor or debtors last dwelt for the space of six months, (which fakf gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby requirci and impowered to receive and detain such debtor or debtors fut-rendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge as herein-aftef mentioned) and who, from and immediately after such furrcn* der, do continue in aftoal custody of such gaoler and jpolcrty keeper or keepers, until the time of his discharge, mall be deemed a prisoner or prisoners within, and be, to all intents and purposes, intitled to the benefit of this act; and shall, upon due proof of the said premises, by the oath of such debtor at debtors (nor disproved by any credible witness) be discharged in the same manner as if he, file, or they, had been actually in prison on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and continued therein as aforesaid j sub-»

}cA nevertheless to the same restrictions and provisions, and a upon the same compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, t"mi a* herein before imposed upon the said prisoners actually in custo- cra^"011* dy upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and also subject to the terms and provisions relating to the estate and effects of such prisoner as aforesaid; excepting only such particulars thereof as require the name excepting of a prisoner to be inserted in the gaoler's or keeper's lift as afore- such parties said, or relate to the oaths of such gaoler or keeper herein before, ari wherein appointed to be taken, which particulars cannot possibly be ap- both dUFer. plied to the case of persons surrendering themselves as aforesaid; and also except the said oath herein before appointed to be taken by prisoners in custody upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and* seventy-tyro: instead whereof, the.

said

48 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23 [1772.

said person or persons ft> surrendering, dull take an oath in open court at same general or quarter-session of the peace, or same adjournment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, division,

- place, or liberty, in the prison of which any such fugitive or debtor shall be held after the surrender of any such fugitive or debtor, to the effcdk following; which the said justices, authorised to put this act in execution, are hereby required and impowered to administer in such manner as the Oaths herein-before trendoned are to be administered.

Fugitive'* T AB, upon my corporal oath, in the of Almighty

X fiemnly(wear, protest, and That I was on tht

first ay of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, beyond he feat in foreign parts, videlicet, at

and hat I did, within fourteen days next immediately aftef ay

ing Jiirrendermyfelf to the custody of the keeper of

[as the case may beJ and that have ever Jinn such my surrender, continued a prisoner in his; and the schedule now delivered, and by me subscribed, doth contain, the best if my knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a true, ad

perjtR account and distevery of all the real estate, goods, effcBi, oti other per final estate, tn any-wifi belonging torn j and alfi of

debts as are to me owing, or to any person or in trust for si/;

and of all the securities and contrails whereby any money now is, or mill, or may hereafter, become payable, or whereby or where from ay benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my ufi, or to any other person or persons in trust for me-, and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing 5 end {f thewitnojfis that tan prove such debts or contrails [if any such

there be; j and that neither I, nor any person or persons in trust fur

me, is or are fiifed of any real estate in ptffejsten, or re-

mainder, or esopeHaney, or of any personal estate of any kind over, other than what are in the schedule containedj except my

wearing apparel, and bedding for neyfilf and family, my working tools, end necessary implements for my occupation and calling, not exceeding, in the whole, the value of twenty pounds; and that I have not, di-reHlyor indirectly, fold, lessen, or otborwifi conveyed, disposed of in

trust, or concealed, all or any part of my real estate, money, goods,

' chattels, flocks, debts, securit, contraSs, or other

whatsoever, whereby to secure the same, fi as to receive or expefi any profit or advantage therefrom to myself or family, or with any view, intent, or defegn, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am indebted in any-wifi or present their rumr-

ing or attaining their respect'm debts.

So help me G 0 D.

Gaoler and

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, printer of the That if any gaoler or keeper of any prison, or his deputy or 'ShernewL deputies, shall, without just cause, to be approved of by the paper, not justices at same general or quarter-session of the peace, or adjournment

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23. 49

joumment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, refuse complying or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to wish 5he? any such general or quarter-session, or some adjournment there- f£i^n#for-of, in order to his or her discharge, or shall neglect, refuse, or fcjt I00'i. to designedly omit to insert, in any such lift, the name or names the prisoner*, of any such prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in ^hie custody in his or their respective gaol or prison on the said first coftl of suit* day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or since*or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver, such lifts as aforesaid; or if any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or shall, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid j or if the primer of the London Gazette, or other newspaper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the name, trade, occupation, and last place of abode, of such prisoner, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender, of the money hereby directed to be paid; or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than two-pence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner, in any such case.injured, the sum of one hundred pounds; which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of soit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record ut Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, con- That if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, dr any j* forfeit*-deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison, shall, in taking of the «ooL with afore-mentioned oaths, forfw.ear or perjure himself, and shall full cofti of thereof be lawfully cpnvict^d, such gaoler or keeper, or deputed suit»&c* gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons, (over and above such penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury)

shall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full costs, by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, of wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such pefr son or persons, his or their executors and administrators, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in purifuance of this act, pne m<*ety to shall be made, of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prison- go to the triers; and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, then, informer, and the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who shall sue for the said penalties; to be applied, one moiety to in- the debts former or informers, and the other moiety towards the satisfac- of the credi-tien of the debts of such his creditor or creditors. tors.

Vol. XXX.'E XXV. And

50 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1772.

Clerk of the

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any derk of the

peace refusing peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as

c^yPof°hur 3 c'cr*c t*ie Peace> delay or refuse to give every nor any discharge § such prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within fourteen days

after his or her discharge, a copy of the order of his or her or taking ex- discharge, on the payment of two shillings and sixpence; or shall orbitant fees take more than the said sum of two shillings and sixpence for for tht fame-t such COpy.or shall take more than two shillings for an assign-ine over the ment or conveyance of such prisoner's estate or effects 5 every prffoner's such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other estate and officer acting as clerk of the peace, who shall so offend, and effedbj who shall be convicted at any such general or quarter-session the prisoner.° t*lc Peace> or any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, p'shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at any such general or quarter-session of the peace or adjournment thereof, shall order5 and who are hereby impowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk or o-

ther officer acting as clerk of the peace, (o offending.

Prisoner con-

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, yidted of per- That if any prisoner as aforesaid, or any other person or per-

aTa felon. ^ons> w ta^e t*ie benefi* of this act, shall forswear or perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any oath to be taken under this act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, shall be adjudged a felon, and suffer as such, without benefit of clergy.

Persons dif-

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, charged by That no person to be discharged by this act shall, at any rime this act, not 'hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or decree for debt'sfa* obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, damages, contrafted be- contempts, costs, sum or sums of money, contracted, incurred, fore 1 Jan. occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said first: day of >77*« January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two* but that

upon every arrest upon every judgement or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, costs, sum and sums of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, upon shewing the copy of the order of such prisoner's discharge or discharges, to release and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and every such judge is hereby impowered so to do on such prisoner's causing a Common appearance to be entered for him in every such action and fuir.

But no pri-

XXVIII. And whereas^ under former ofts of this Hnd> doubts foner to be have arisen whatsoever wss to be done with such prisoners who ap-debts^ubf*0^ Qt Qn^ session td he discharged, who owed and Jlood charged with queiu to Jan. tlebts, as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the respect1*772. tive to rern*dy which, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners shall be discharged of any debts subsequent to the first day of "January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two* and if it shall appear to the

*7721 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.i$i gx

justices in any session or adjournment, that any prisonei' or prisoners then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand charged as wrll with debts previous to as subsequenr to the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, that in such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices to discharge him or her of all debts previous to the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and to remand him or her back to the custody of the keeper of the prison from whence he or she was brought, for all debts with which he or (lie (hinds charged with in his custody, subsequent to the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Justices, (he-

Thar if any adtton of escape, or any suit or action, be brought riff*. and against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff, gaoler, or S]«d7hiTa6fc keeper of any prison, for performing their office, in pursuance {*0 any i&\oa of this act, they may plead the general issue, and give this act©f escape, or in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his salt brought action, or verdic pass against him, or judgement upon demurrer, them,

the defendant shall have treble costs. treblTcoff^.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, person9<jif-That if any Scire Facias, or adh'on of debt, or upon judgement, r shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, upon any judgement obtained against any such prisoner, or on any Statute or recognizance acknowledged or by him or her, before the said first day of January, one thousand bought a-seven hundred and seventy-two, with respectc to prisoners in gainit them actual custody, or with respect to debtors beyond the fcas, as before Jan. u aforesaid, upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven?7*» hundred and seventy-two, it shall be lawful for any such prisoner

his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally

that such prisoner was actually a prisoner in such prison at such a

person's suit, or was or were beyond the seas in foreign pai ts on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

two, and was or were duly discharged according to this 3(51, at the

general or quarter-session, or adjournment thereof, held at such

time and place for such county, riding, division, liberty, city,

town, or place, (as his, her, or their case is) without pleading

any matter specially; and in case any other suit or action shall and in otbef

be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other debt,

Turn or sums of money, due before the said first day of January, charteo/their one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to plead in dif- from

charge of his or her person from execution (over and above such execution, matters as aforesaid) that such debt or sum of money (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due on or before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, without pleading any other matter specially; where to the plain- pj.tiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded rep|" geiural-as aforesaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may shew 1 y, the said defendant not to be intitled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the famd manner as the £ 2 plaintiff

charged may plead generally, Scc. to all

hot if non-foited, it to pav treble cons.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23: [1772.

plaintiff might have replied, in caie the defendant had pleaded this act, and his dischargt by virtue of this act, fpcdally; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have treble costs.

Bankrupts not

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority obtaining their aforesaid, That no person against whom a commission of bank-doe^ime^ex! ruPt hath been awarded and issued out, and the production eluded from whereof shall be deemed sufficient evidence to any court of the benefit of quarter-session, or adjournment, and who hath not already ob-thi*&* tained his certificate and discharge of his debts, in pursuance of and in such manner as is directed by same or one of the acts of parliament now in force relating to or concerning bankrupts, or shall not obtain such certificate and discharge before such time as he shall be brought before the justices of the peace at their general or quarter-session, or same adjournment thereof, held 1$ aforesaid, in order to be discharged in pursuance of this act, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the meaning thereof.

Attornies em-

XXXII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained beacting, &c. shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge CHCJff ft °nCy any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other person or persons chided thelbe- a^ngi or pretending to ad, as such, with regard to any debt nefit of this with which he or they shall stand charged, for any money, or ad* other effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the

safe of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons a&ngas such, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own life; or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any person or persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, she, or they, (turn fond charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use, and on account of his, her, or their master or mailers, or employers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, coneeded, or converted to his, her, or their own use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Gaoler to per-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-mit the speak- |aid» That every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall, and is to^prisonert, hereby required to suffer, in the day-time, any person or per-whose names fons desiring the same, to fee and speak, in the lodge, or some are inserted in convenient room of the said prison, with any prisoner or prifo-fr ners, whose names are inserted in the afore-mentioned lift or gazette, c, or Gazette, or other newspaper, or any of them,

wvj the exa- or any persons surrendering themselves pursuant to this act; and

cri^albMks* t*lc true anc* gcnuinc bo°ks of the said prison, the of entries fire! cntries made of the name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, m % together with the name or names of the person or persons at on penalty of whose suit or suits he, she, or they are detained: and it any such 40 mth costs g^ or keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is 0 # here above required* every such gaoler or keeper, who shall ft

efifeod

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23. 53

offend in the premises, shall forfeit and pay to the person so refuted and aggrieved the sum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs of salt, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the-courts at Wtfiminfttr, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons so refuted and aggrieved.

XXXIV^Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwith- Prisoner* so-Handing the person of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fu- ture estate and gitives, shall be discharged under this act, the future estates and n°*' effects of every such prisoner and fugitive shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective creditors as before the discharge, lia-xpaking of this act, (his, her, or their necessary wearing appa- ble to credi-rel, and bedding for his, her, or their families, and working for*«. tools and implements necessary for his, her, or their trade or occupation, not exceeding the value of twenty pounds in the whole, 5in g*and only excepted,) and any creditor or creditors of any such prison- working tod*, er or prisoners, fugitive, or fugitiyes, may, at any time hereaf-x: ter, sue out execution, extents, or other process, on any judge- ^[lne'except-ment at the time of such discharge recovered, or Statute staple, ed.*or recognizance acknowledged by, or sentence or decree obtained against, any such prisoner or fugitive, but not against his, her, or their person, or his, her, or their respective wearing apparel, bedding, working tools, and implements, as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it also enacted, That any creditor or creditors of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, who shall very of debt be discharged under this act, may, at any time after any such due at tht discharge, commence and prosecute any action or suit against any time of the such pnfoper or fugitive, his, her, or their respective heirs, ecutors, or administrators, for the recovery of any sum or (urns cb*r*' of money which shall be due from any such prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or her laid discharge, but Hull not hold the pet Con of any such prisoner or fugitive to ipccial bail; nor shall take the person, necessary wearing apparel, but not hold bedding, tools, or implements, as aforesaid, of any such prison- w

er or fugitive in execution, or any judgement, sentence, or de- is

cree, which shall hereafter be recovered or obtained against any person, wear-such prisoner or fugitive: A°d in any action or suit, which shall ing apparel, be hereafter commenced against any such prisoner or fugitive,*"* his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, no benefit or ad- judgement: vantage shall be had or taken, for that the cause of action didandno advan-not accrue within three years next before the commencing oftagei* to be any such action or suit; nor shall any Statute of limitation be of the pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in bar of or in any such^accruing* action or suit, which shall be hereafter commenced by any such within yean, creditor or creditors against any such prisoner or prisoners, un-nor of the left such cause, of action or salt did not accrue within three ft*tut.e of years next before any such prisoner or fugitive shall be difehare-ed under this act; and in any such case, the same may be plead-cePaan* ed by any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or admini-stratofs.

u XXXVI,

J. JLi 11*V/ UMWViVk 1U1V JLAJlI V*

I//*

Gaoler making false entries in the prison book or lilts, forfeit* 5001, with treble costs.

Discharge of

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That ^c^uittaUo ky the discharge of any prisoner or fugitive by force of this act, the copartner no ot*er person or persons who was or were partner or partners or furtjtie?. in trade with any such prisoner or fugitive, at the time of his or her discharge under this act, or then stood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any such prisoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contract together with any such prisoner or fugitive, shall be discharged from any such debt or demand; but every such other person and persons shall severally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform such contracts, in like manner as if any such prisoner or fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, shall mr.ke, or cause to be made, any false entries in any book or books belonging to any prison or goal under his care, or of which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any list to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not a prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in any such gaol'or prifoq upon the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual custody; except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted; every such gaoler or keeper, or de-

L putqd gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above the penalties which

PCTahks for1* lc to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the sum

such fraud. of ^ve hundred pounds; to be recovered, with treble costs of ' suit, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Tf'eflminsteri wherein no eflbinj protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if a^ny prisoner, being the reunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and declare the trade or occupation and habitation or last place of abode, of the person or persons at whose suit he or she is de*

__________ tained or charged in custody; or being called for and desired, by

is detained, or any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prison in to come to ti e which any such prisoner shall be confined, without some reason-«r m a^e cauk hein^ made appear to the contrary; every such prison-is'excluded cr> upon proof being made thereof before the justices at any ge-tk* benefit of neral or quarter-session of the peace, or any adjournment thereto act of, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any.wise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas there is but one common or county gaol for each of the respctiive counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, ani

Durham,

over and a-

Prisoner rerun ng to declare the abode, See. of the person at whole fu; t he

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23. 55

Durham, toi/Vi said counties are each of them divided into several J'&'t* may ridings or divisions, 0# a//; /V^ have several commissions of the peace; j.

and if the gaolers of those gaols be obliged to carry the debtors, prison- ent place near ers therein, to the quarter fejfson of each riding or division, the same to either of will be a very great charge, not only to such gaolers, but also to the the county pr if oners in theft targe counties; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai it shall and may be lawful for two or ^lere for di£ more justices % >( the peace for each of the ridings and divisions charge of pain the respective counties, at the common or county gaol there- foners. of respectively, or at same convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required Ip a (Tumble and meet, and tohold session there, by adjournment from their respective quarter-session, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

XL. And whereas the next general quarter session of the peace for Justices for the the county of Surrey, which will happen after the passing of this act> ounty of Sor-will be in the county, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the Tt*the Cm* fiid prisons\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, town hall of "That it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices as shall Southwark for be assembled at the general quarter-session of the peace to be a^ministering holden for the county of Surrey, next after the passing of this oathS| act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said session to the town-ball in the borough of Southwark, for the purpose of administering the oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this act by the several gaolers within the said county wherein any prisoner or prisoners are confined, and to the dif-ciiarging such respective prisoner or prisoners confined therein, according to the powers limited, and di'redtions of this adh

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Those who art That all debtors, and others, who were in prison on or before or the said first day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and other demands seventy-twp, or iince, in toy of the gahb of this kingdom, and of the gaoler now retpam there for not paying their fees, rents, or any other officer* to

demands due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any dlfcbar8ed*

prison respectively, or to any other officer of any such prison, and upoi>.no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he,

(he, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

XLilt Provided always, That this act shall not extend to Debtors to tht discharge apy person out of prison, seeking his or her discharge ciown, and^ under this act, with respect to any debt with which he or she shall stand charged at the suit of the crown, or shall be indebted to one

to any body polstick-or corporate, or to* any one person, in any person, unless sum exceeding the (urn of one thousand pounds, besides interest the cieditors # and costs, and whose dkebarge shall he in court opposed by excluded^he'crown, Jb&dy politick or corporate, or one person, and whose benefitof this' debts' exceeds the sum of one thousand pounds, and not other- aft. wife, unless the crown, such body politick or corporate, or ere- Creditor of-ditof, consent thereto*: and if any such body politick or corporate, creditor or creditors, to whom a sum exceeding 01^ to allow him* thousand pounds fluU be owingv shall oppqfe the discharge oL$. 6d per

4 s fuen week.

ed.

Determination of the justice* to be final i

56. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.

[1771.*

such prisoner, and shall insist that such prisoner be continued in gaol, that then, and in such case, such body politick or corporate, or creditor or creditors, opposing the said prisoner'* dif*'charge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper costs and charges, allow and pay, in the whole, such a weekly maintenance to the said prisoner, not exceeding three shillings and six-pence per week, in such manner as thd laid justices in their general or quaner-session, or some adjournment thereof, shall or-On nonpay- der; and, upon non-payment of the same for the space of fix ment, prisoner weeks, the said prisoner, upon application to the said justices in tobedischarg- t|iejr general or quarter-fdBon held as aforesaid, shall be dif-charced pursuant to the intent and meaning of this act.

XLIII. And whereas under former aids, creditors have been pet to great expends and trouble in attending every feffiam and adjournment % during the whole continuance of the aH, to oppose the di/chary of prisoners clearly excluded from any benefit under the said respetihe acts, hut who, after having been before one ftffim heard and refufti a discharge, to barrafs their creditors, constantly gave fresh notices ftr each subsequent session and adjournment, of their intended applicatim to be discharged; to remedy which, be it further ene&ed by the authority aforesaid, That, in all cases whatever, the determination of the justices in session shall be final to all intents and purposes, tmlef* thepri- unless the prisoner shall, during the continuance of this act, get foner get rid rjd of the objection or objections for which they refilled his dif-rion for which charge: And, in which case, it shall and may be lawful to and they refuted for the justices, at any subsequent session, upon application from hi* dischargej the prisoner, upon due proof on oath made to them by two or the justices, jpore credible witnesses (and which oath they are hereby impowered to administer) or each objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice served, at least ten days previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before of-posed his discharge, and of notice likewise inserted in the Go* zette, in manner before directed by this&, to order such prisoner to be brought before them; and if thoy shall then be of opinion the said prisoner is intitled to the benefit of this act, to order him to be discharged, he taking the oath, and; in all other respects, conforming to the directions of this act.

XLIV. Provided also, That every person and persons intitled, or to be intitled, to the benefit of this act, shall obtain their respective discharget on or before the first day of August\ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, or shall be excluded from all benefit of this act.

XLV. And whereas it may happen that several Persons who maj claim and be intitled to the benefit of this ail, are/eifid of an eflete tail, in some freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments;

on proof by two witnesses of objection being removed, £c. may discharge such pnianer.

Discharget to be obtained* by August x,77V

Persons seised of an estate tail, claiming

thfs^ad?* are^ w^lc^Ant ail, with the remainders thereupon oxpeBant, they have if to deliver of power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fntftr* the same to ing a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrenderor fur the creditors, renders thereof, whereby such person or persons said freehold Or afr hold lands, tenements, Or hereditaments, would be liable to the peynftnt tf their debts, and be delivered up, according ito the term if this od,

57

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23:

for the btnefit of their creditors; be it therefore enacted by the ait*

thoricy aforesaid, That, in every such case, such person or persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be intitled to, and claim the benefit of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such lands, tenements, and heredita* ments, in fee; provided the same shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner as if such person or ersons had actually levied a fine, Suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any law, or construction of law* to the contra^ thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas many prisoners who he Entitled to, and el(um the benefit of this aH, have been great dealers, or engaged in Iqrge iranfaStions, whereby they may be intitled to and

great debts and demands of various and intricate natures, and they may be intitled to equities of redemption of estates, subject and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reversions, remain-

ders, or other contingent estates in lands, tenements, or,

or to other trusts or intertfts in estates, both real and personal, which may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the schedule or invent

tery, before directed to be delivered in, upon oath, by the prisoner to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or affiflanct to qdjust, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (half and and

may be lawful to and for the respective affiguees of the estate Assignee* may effects' of such prisoner or prisoners who shall obtain his,ppfy forfur-

prisoner or prisoners - -^.

her, or their discharge, in pursuance of this act, or any other of iirilbal

person or persons duly authorised by them for that purpose, touching from time to time, to apply to ahy two or more of the justices the difooveiy of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or f liberty, where such prisoner or prisoners shall be then redding, &c* thereby desiring that such prisoner or prisoners may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to nis, her, or their estate dr effects; whereupon such jufHces shall fend for, or an<1 call before them, such prisoner or prisoners by such warrant, sum- rw^mish r mons, ways, or means, as they shall think fit; and, upon such the prisoners prisoner's appearing, he shall examine him, her, or them, as well accordingly, upon oath as otherwise, as to such matters and things as such assignee shall desire, relating to the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners and if any prisoner or prisoners (on payment Prisoners re-or tender of payment of such reasonable charges as such justices ear*or to»n. shall judge Sufficient j shall neglect or refuse to come and appear {Jier'upon not havidg a lawful excuse, to be made known to such justices, oath, may be and by them allowed, or, being come before them, (hsul refuse comaaitted. to be fwoim, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, of them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects so veiled, or intended to be veiled, in such clerk of the peace, tpwn clerk, dr other officer idling as clerk of the peace, of ip such assigness as aforesaid, that then

ao 1. pit cent allowed on discovering within it months any part of the prisoner'* estate not returned in the schedule.

Discharge ob-

58. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1772.

then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by war* rant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such prisoner or prisoneiVfo offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, (he* or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such justices, and answer upon oath to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices be put to him, her, of them, for the purposes aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such person and persons who shall, within twelve months after the discharge of such prisoner or prisoners, voluntarily come in and make a discovery of any part of such debtor or debtors real or personal estate as shall not be comprised in such schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out of the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate which shall be recovered on such discovery, and which shall be paid to such perftfit or persons so discovering the same, by the assignee or affigfiees of such prisoner's estate and effects.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwith-

lemly void ^ant^inS Ac discharge of any prisoner or prisoners by vinue of this a<S, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such prisoner was not true; then, and in every such case, every such discharge fftall ]be void and of none effect.

XtlX. Andi for the better discovery of the estate and effeth sf any prisoner who shall be discharged by virtue of this act; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who (hat! have accepted of any trust or triifts, add shall wilfully conceal or prote<ft any cjstate, real or personal, of any such prisoner from his-creditors, and (hftli not, within thirty days after any assignee'or* afligtiees shall, in pursuance of this auSt, be chose of any such prisoner's estate, discover and disclose to such assignee or assignCes such tr'ustand estate in writing, and deliver up or make ov'er the (apje to such assignee or ^ffignees, he, she, or they; fq offending, shall, far every such offence, forfeit the fqm of one hjufjdfed pounds, and also double the value of the estate, either real or personal, so concealed, tb and for the use of the creditors of any such prisoner; \o be recovered by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate, together with treble costs of fujt.

L. And'bd-it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, at all times hereafter, for any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any prisoner or primers, who shal] be-chose in pursuance of this act, by and with the consent of the major part in value of such prisoner or prisoners creditors, who shall be present at a meeting to be had 00 twenty-one days publick notice being previously. given for the purpose hereafter mentioned in the London Gazette, if th* prisoner was in custody in London or within the weekly bil^f mortality, and if not!

" " ..... " "*Ihw

Persons concealing any estate or ef-" sette of the prisoners forfeit tool, and double value, with treble coftaof suit«

A0ignee«, with content of the majority in- value of tae creditors, may compound for debts due to the prisonei's estate

59

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.

then also in some newspaper which shall be published in the county* city* or place* in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol* to make composition with any person or persons* debtors or accountants to such prisoner or prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such amj may rub-reasonable part of any such debt as can, upon such composition, mit any dif/ be gotten* in full discharge of such debts and accounts; and also pute relating to submit any difference or dispute between such assignee or af- to signees, and any person or persons* for or on account, cur by ar reason or means or any matter, cause, or thing, relating to such prisoner or prisoners estate or effects, or to any debt or debts due, or chimed to be due, to or from such prisoner or prisoners* to the final end and determination of arbitrators to be chosen by the said assignec or assignees, and the major part in value of such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall have no difference, and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen. by them; or otherwise to settle and agree the matters in difference and dispute between or otherwise them, in such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such may settle and consent as aforesaid, shall think fit, and can agree* and the same, aSr*clh* shall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners; think fit* and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the premises* in pursuance of this act.

LI. Andy to the intent and purpefe that the estate and effects of Assignee* map such prisoner or prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this be complained may be duly and faithfulh applied for the benefit of his, hery or theiror

real creditors) be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for the respective courts at West- nagement, or minster, and the courts of great session in }Valesy and the princi- other mUbe-pality of Chejiery and the counties palatine of Lancaster and Dur- haviour j ham, respectiv-ely, from whence any process issued upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was or were committed* or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of King's Bench, Common Pkasy and Exchequer, or of Great Sessions aforesaid, within their respective jurisiJiflions* or any one of them* from time to time, upon the petition of..any such prisoner or the creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, complaining of any infufhciency, fraud, mif-management, or other misbehaviour of any aisignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any such prisoner or prisoners, the court to summon all parties concerned* and, upon hearing the par- thereupott Is, ties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and dU regions therein, either for the removal or displacing such af- Sia^such signee or assignees, and the appointing any new assignee or af- orders therein signees* in the place or (lead of such assignee or assignees so to a«.they shall be removed or displaced, or for the prudent* just, or equitablethink fit*, management or distribution of the estate and effects of any such prisoner for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or effects f 4 of

en, the balance to be stated and allowed*

6o Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23.

[1772; I

of such prisoner or prisoners shall, from thenceforth, be divest-cd out of the assignee or assigneea so removed or displaced, and be veiled in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the lame intents and purposes, a* the same were before veiled, in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where mo- LIIf Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-tual credit fore&id, That in'all cases where mutual credit hath been given Ja* beenjgW- between any prisoner or prisoners who shall be discharged in k»_ pursuance Of |his and any other person or persons, or body politick or corporate, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the ellate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners, upon oath, as aforesaid, the respective affigpee and assignees of such prisoner or prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their parts, to Hate and allow on account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vetted in such clerk of the peace, tpwn clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, as the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account when truly statee).

Prisoners, for

LIII. And whereas many persons are tfipi committed on attai* not paying meats, for not paying money awarded to be paid under submijjim H

- T-.arbitration by rules of court, or under submifjtons to arbitration bnisy submission" "and which submifions have been wade rules of the court, inpurfims

arbitrations of an ait pojfed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign Wiliam the Third, for determining differences by arbitration;

ntt ctfil duly and regularly talced and by the proper

officer, after proper demands made for that purpose; and a)so upon a*}

«nd upon writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or, or goad*

of Exttmmm- ed on, the non-payment of toftt or txptnees in any casefe or prattling cmw Capiendo, in-any tccltfiafical court; it is hereby declared and enacted, Tlut

all such persons are and shall be intitled to the benefit of this

ate intiled to act, on and subject to the same terms and conditions as are thebgcfitof herein expressed and declared with respect to prisoners for debt only.

Those who are

LIV. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been,

prisoner* of- are now, imprisontd for debt upon issuing out of courts if

on procel* oat confeitnee; It is hereby enacted and declared, That all such pri-confdence to f°ner8 shall^intitled to have the benefit of this act$ and be have the be* discharged under the same, provided he, she, or they, conform to the directions herein before prescribed, touching other prisoner* who shall be discharged by virtue of this act.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein by this act an bath is required, the solemn affirmation of any person being a Quaker shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person tpakine fitch affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false a£

nefit of this act.

Quaker'* affirmation to be taken in lieu of an oath.

X773«l Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 23. firming, shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as ari inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Person who thority aforesaid, That no person who took the benefit of an act jjf*the" passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present majesty King^of G(0> George the Third, intituled An all the relief of insolvent $. excluded. debtors, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing This act not in this all contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain to extend to called Scotland. Scotland.

LVIII. And whereas the prisoners confined in the prison of the King's Bench have lately unwarrantablyand without colour of, or keeper in-conceived that imprisonment for debt at the suit of a subject was - demnified.

traryto law, and have therefore formed many dangerous schemes to

set themfehesat liberty, and on the nineteenth day of November,

one thousand seven hundred and seventy, the prisoners confined in the

fetid prison, to the number of sixty and did combine, con-

Jptre, confederate, and agree together, by forte and violence, to break the said prison and eftape thereout, and to enable them so to do, did

elanaefiinely procure divers weapons to be conveyed into the said astd did on the said day suddenly and with violence knock down the turnkeys, and overpower them, and feiz* the keys, and set open the doors of the said prison, and divers prisoners charged with

debts to a large amount; and although toe or keeper of the said prison used all pojfiblt diligence to retake them, yet John M'Cul-

lock, one of the said prisoners escaped, and cannot be retaken, and on the thirteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and r-. mv, 'a great many other prisoners, to the number of one hundred, did wickedly, and unknown to the said marshal, conspire together by force and violence again to break the find prison, and to escape and

in order to effeB the same, did clandestinely procure to be brought into

the said prison a groat number of fire arms and ether definitive pons, and the said prifoftert in the night of the said thirteenth day of

May, with the said fire arms and definitive weapons, did suddenly and rietoufty break through part of the wall of the feud prison, and atony prisoners escaped thereout charged with debts to a large notwithstanding the marshal and his keepers, with all the ha

could redfe, refiftedthe said escape at the hazard of their lives, but inure overpowered by the multitude, and forte of the find

prisoners and notwithstanding the most immediate and fresh pursuit vms made, and every effort used to retake the said prisoners, yet Daniel Quarrington, Daniel Scott, John Henry Manrer, and Isaac De Rovery, four of the said prisoners, made their escape, and cannot be heard of or retaaen, and many of the plaintiffs, at whose the said prisoners were detained, have brought allions against the marshal or keeper of the said prison, charging him with negligent escapes the said prisoners, with a view and design to recover of bint the full

debt

6t

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 24. tr772-

debt or debts, with which such prisoner or prisoners food charged, though they well know the said escapes happened from the ttnlavuful ctmfpiracy of the said prisoners and from the irresistible violences aforesaid: and whereas it would tend to the ruin tf the marshal or keeper of the said prison, and also to encourage the most dangerous amd illegal conspiracies, if plaintiff's were permitted to sue for and recover the sums with which such prisoners food charged, as the cases of voluntary, wilful, and negligent escapes; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the marlbal or keeper of the said prison shall be* and he is is hereby indemnified, freed, and dif- from the charged of, and from and against the escape of the said John escape of pri- M'Cullock, Daniel gfuarrington, Daniel Scott9 John Henry Manrer, alTaftionif anc* Vaac R°very* and of, from, and against, all a&ioa and commenced actions which now are, or shall or may be commenced or pro-relative there- fecuted against him, for or by reason or means of the said escape to* of the said John MCullock, Daniel ^uarrington, Daniel Scott,

John Henry Manrer, and isaac De Rovery, out of his costody on the said nineteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, or the said thirteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy* one, or in the night-time of those respective days 3 and, at the trial of any such action or actions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said marshal of the said prison to plead the general issue, or such qiber pleas as he by law is intitled to do, and to give this act in evidence, and thereupon the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action, shall be nonfuitedj or in case of a demurrer in any action already brought, or hereafter to be brought, against the said marshal or keeper, for or by reason of the said escapes of the said John MCullock, Daniel Quarrington, Daniel Scott, John Henry Manrer, and isaac De Rovery, j udgement shall be given for the defendant: saying nevertheless, to each and every the creditor or creditors of the said John M'Cullock, Daniel Sfuarrington, Daniel Stott, John Henry Manrer, and isaac DeRovery, all the remedies against them the said Join MCullock, Daniel Quarringlon, Daniel Scott, John Henry Manrer, and isaac De Rovery, and his and their respective lands at*] tenements, goods, chattels, and effects, as he, she, or they, would have been intitled unto, in case the said John MCullock, Daniel ffhiarringtou, Daniel Scott, John Henry Manrer, and isaac DeRovery, had not escaped.

CAP. XXIV.

[Preamble.]

An act for tlx better securittg and preferring his Majesty's dock yards, magazines, ships, ammunition and fores m TX7HERAS the safety and preservation of his Majesys ships of war, arsenals, magazines, dockyards\ rope yards, victualling offices, military, naval, and victualling fores, and the places where such fores are kept or deposted, either within this realm or in any of the islands, countries, forts, or places thereunto belonging, it of great importance to the welfare and [ecurity of the kingdom, may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 25* -&3

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the jct on £re> y authority of the same, That if any person or persons shall, either burn, or de-within this realm, or in any of the islands, countries, forts, or ttr°y ^p« of places thereunto belonging, wilfully and maliciously set on fire,

or burn, or otherwise destroy, or cause to he set on fire, or burnt, doing, or otherwise destroyed, or aid, procure, abet, or assist in them any of hi* setting on fire, or burning, or otherwise destroying of any of his Majesty's Majesty's ships or vessels of war, whether the said ships or vessels ^nal*r ma- - of war be on float or building, or begun to be built, many of gazmea/fcc.* his Majesty's dock yards, or building or repairing by contract in or any build-any private yards, for the use of his Majesty, or any of his Ma- ing*, timber, jetty's arsenals, magazines, dock yards, rope yards, victualling offices, or any of the buildings erected therein, or belonging or^/miiltiJ. thereto; or any timber or materials there placed, for building, ry, naval, or repairing, or fitting out of ships or vessels; or any of his Ma- viCtsattkig jetty's military, naval, or victualling stores, or other ammuni- j^'^creof tien of war, or any place or places, where any such military, co^aed^n naval, or victualling stores, or other ammunition of war is, are, due form of or shall be kept placed, or deposited; that then the person or law, Qullfuf-persons guilty of any such offence, being thereof convicted in fcr dfath*a due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall j|Jn"* suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy. benefit ot

II. And be it further enacted oy the authority aforesaid, That clergy, any person who shall commit any of the offences before men->Cf*°n#°f" tioned, in any place out of this realm, may be indicted and tried 0

for ttm same, either in any Shire or county within this realm, in mty be tiied like manner and form, as if such offence had been committed in any Shire, ' within the said Shire or county, or in such island, country, or&c* within the place, where such offence shall have been actually committed, realm* as his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, may deem mott expedient for bringing such offender to justice; any law, usage, or custom notwithstanding.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the more effectual vesting in the royal hospital at Greenwich the forfeited and unclaimed shares of naval officers, seamen, and marines, in prizes taken from the enemy, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, previous to, and during the course of, the late

wars against France and Spain, divers ships and vessels were taken from the enemy by several of his Majesty's ships of war, and fort Lewis at Senegal, the island of Go ree, the islands of Martinico,

Guadeloupe, and several other of the Leeward islands, tbs towns of Pondicherry and Karri cal, and divers other settlements on the coaji Coromandel, the fortrejfes of Chandenagore, Budgia Budgia Tanna, and Hughley, in or near the province of Bengal, and the fortress Ij/'Geriah, the town of Havanna, and J'uniry ships of war in the harbour thereof, the city, town, and fort ^Manilla, and divers other forts, fectlements, and places of or belonging to or under the dominion of the crowns ^France and Spain, or their allies, were reduced and taken by the conjunct force of his Majesty's navy and army5

c>4 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 25; [1772.

my \ todtarge ouantities ef money, goods, 'warts, tod were taken and seized, as or plunder, by fitch conputB and divers sums of money jtto paid) or given or agreed to be paid, h

way tf ranfim, to the officers, and finltrs, who bad junBtvtly taken and feixed sundry ghtds, and

as booty or plunder', and also for the rattfom sundry forts, plaits, settlements, and islands, ft reduced and taken by such

as aforesaid-, and also dtvers sums tf money were given by certain foreign princes, in alliance with the crown 4^Great Britain, and tf the trading companies thereunto belonging, and subjtff, by way of dilution to, and to be difiribused among, officers, and

tors, as had assisted such foreign princes, in their gud

Act9» and /twice and aj/tstance: and whereas certain were made in tit S3 Geo. 3. twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his late hbntfa, and tn the field year of the reign of his present for tit

Ma aft a encouragement of seamen, and the more fpttdy and Geo. ). his Majestfs navyj and for the more the paynmt

of such prize and bounty money as were thereby appropriated to ^Greenwich hospital: and whereas doubts have arisen whether tit flips and vessels ft taken, previous to the commencement of the war, and the booty or plunder ft taken tn shore by fiub and the find ships ft taken in the harbour of Havanna, and fiub ten-fom, and also fiub donations as aforesaid, an be ctnfidered as fuijtS

to fitch distributitn as in the find acts are mentioned} and whetitr fiub flares thereof, as have been forfeited and unclaimed

cers and seamen serving on board his Majesty's navy, do belong to tie royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent; ad whether such flares ought to be paid by the agents, or other

per fins in whofi bands the said forfeited and unclaimed flares dt turn

remain to the treasurer of the hospital, for the uft thereof: for

remedy whereof, and to obviate ail doubts and difficulties which have arisen, or may arise, concerning the said forfeited and unclaimed shares, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted} and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and-by the authority of the Dune, That all and every (urn and All fans arif- sums of money, arising by Tale of any ship or vessel taken from i"g by tale of enemy', previous to the commencement of the late war, and en'orerioua 'now remaining unpaid to the captors thereof, and all and every to the com- die booty money, goods, wares, and merchandises, 'which were mencement of so taken by such conjunct force, on shore, and the money paid, the late war, or agreed to be paid, for the ransom of any ship, town, son, therei^are P^ace» Settlement, or island, so reduced and taken by such con-hetsy'deem- Jun& force, or of the goods, wares, and merchandises found ed to be in- therein; and all and every ship and ships taken by, or furren-ducted in the dered by virtue of any capitulation, or otherwise, to such con-said aftsi junft force, and also all such monies as have been given by way of donation as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be included in the said acts, and to be subject to such and the same mode of distribution, management, and application, as any

other

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 15; 6$

other ships, vessels, goods, and merchandises, were, purfuhnt and are sub-to the said a<3s, liable to, or ought to be subject, but not so as j.eft to -to impeach, affect, or disturb any mode of distribution, which distribution° may have been already adopted, or any payments which have and applies-been actually and bona fide made agreeable thereto. tien.

II. Provided always nevfcrtheless, That nothing herein con- Court of

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to make it mirafty to necessary to have any capture on shore, condemned as lawful bare no add!* prize in any court of admiralty, or to give any court of admi- J"*1 ralty any greater or other power or jurisdldtion, than what such*

court would be' irrtitled to, in case this act had not been made*

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Alt agents all and every person and persons, agent and agents, (who, at residing in the time of passing this act, shall be residing in Great Britain) Britain, ap-nominated and appointed for the receipt and distribution of the ^dpt and booty and plunder found in the fortress of Geriahy or of the distribution of money arising by the sale of any ship, vessel, goods, and mer- booty, &c. chandise, taken from the enemy during the late wars with Franu

and Spain^ or of the booty and plunder found in any town, fort, place, or settlement, reduced and taken, during such wars as aforesaid, or of the ransom of any ship, town, fort, place, settle- or of the ran-ment, or Hland, or of any goods, wares, and merchandises, reduced and taken aforesaid, or of any such donation as aforesaid, 'or on any bounty bill, or bounty bills, given or granted for the before taking, burning, sinking, or destroying any of the enemies ships March5, of war, or privateers, during such Wars as aforesaid, their exe- >77t* pay to cutors and administrators, and all and every person and persons acting as such agent or agent9, and residing in Great Britain hospitaWt as aforesaid, their executors or administrators, shall, on or be* Greenwich, all fore the twenty-fifth day of Martha one thousand seven hun* sum* then re-dred and seventy three, account for, and pay to the t/eafurer of the maining m royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent^ onaccountof or to his sufficient deputy or agent, for the use of the said hof- the share* of pital, all and every sum and sums of money, as shall be then re- officer*, &c. maining in their hands, on account of such shares of the mo- "bo have de-ncy arising as aforesaid, as would have belonged to such officers and nVorfeit-and men of his Majesty's navy and marines, who had forfeited ed shares, not the same, by deferring from his Majesty's service, in case they claimed with-had nor so deserted, and also such shares thereof as were forfeited j.n thr*c Veart by the several naval officers, seamen, and marines intitled there- f^Si^timeg to, on occafidn of their not claiming the Tame, within three appointed for years from the respective times appointed for the payment of the the payments, laid shares, by the publick notifications given of the times of such payment, pursuant to the said acts of parliament.

IV. And whereas it hath frequently happened that divers naval Naval officers* officers^ seamen, and marines, have been prevented, by absente, or fro'mP^aiminz ether inevitable accidents, from claiming their shares of prize and within the*bounty money, within three years after publick notifications have been limited time, given of the time appointed for payment thereof; be it enacted by giving suffici-the authority aforesaid, That if any naval officer. Teaman, or

marine, his executors or administrators, shall, after his share of directors of

Vol. XXX. JF prize their inability*

to have their shares refund* ed by the treasurer.

Forfeitures and unalaimed shares, to be recovered by bill or information.

After March5*773. salt: brought in behalf of the hospital against agents.

ft }tr cent. interest for monies in their hands, to be paid by the said gents.

Agents, before Dec. jx, 1773, to pay to the

Anno duodecimo GEORGII HI. c. 25; ^77

of prize or bounty money has been paid to the treasurer of the said hospital, or his deputy, for the use thereof, by virtue of this act, give sufficient proof to the board ofdirectors of the said hospital of his inability of claiming his ihare of prize and bounty money in due time, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said board of directors, and they are hereby impowered to order the treasurer of the said hospital to refund and pay to such naval officer, seaman, or marine, his executors or administrators, such his share of prize or bounty money, so received by the said treasurer; and that the treasurer of the said hospital dull be allowed such payment, on passing his account before the auditor of the said hospital.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the forfeited and unclaimed shares of prizes, and other benefits accruing to the said hospital, by virtue of this or any former act, shall and may be recovered by any a&ioo, bill, plaint, suit, or information, to be brought in the name of the matter, or governor, and treasurer of the said hospital, for the time being.

VI. And whereas many agents appointed for the receipt and distri-t bution of prize money, and money arising on bounty bills, have ha induced to delay the payment of forfeited and unclaimed/bares, due to tit said royal hospital, by virtue of the said alls, and to carry on long ad expenfwe litigations with the governor and treasurer of the said bsf-pitalj in consideration that the interest of the money due to the said foj-pital, for such forfeited and unclaimedJhares, does sometimes far a-teed, or may be at least equivalent to the costs of the said agents, attending such litigations; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit shall, after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of law or equity, by or on the behalf of the said hospital, against any agent or agents nominated and appointed for the purposes aforesaid, or either of them, or against any person or persons aging as such agent or agents, (who at the time of passing this afi shall be residing in Great Britain), their executors or administrators, for an account of, or to compel payment of any such shares as aforesaid; such agent or agents, or person or personsj acting as such, their executors or administrators, shall pay to the treasurer of the said royal hospital, or to his sufficient deputy, for the use thereof, interest at the rate of five pounds pa centum per annum-, for such sums of money as shall, in the event of the said suit, appear to be remaining in the hands of such agent or person respectively, on account of such forfeited and unclaimed shares as aforesaid, together with the amount of such forfeited and unclaimed shares; such interest to be computed from the end of three years next after the time appointed bj such notifications as shall have been given pursuant to the said

atts for the payment of such shares as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, agent and agents, (who at the time of passing this act shall be residing in parts beyond

tin

1772.I' Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 25I 67

the Teas), nominated and appointed for the receipt and distribu-treasurer of tien of the money arising by the faJe of any ship, vessel, goods, th" hospital, and merchandise, taken from the enemy during the late wars hi"

with France and Spain, or of the booty and plunder found in theirhandson any town, fort, place, or settlement, reduced and taken during account of such wars as aforesaid, or of the ranfotn of any ship, town, fort, such share* j place, settlemeftt, or island, or of any goods, wares, and merchandises, reduced and taken as aforesaid, of on any bounty bill, or bounty bills, given or granted for the taking, burning, sinking, or destroying, any of the enemies ships of war or privateers, during such wars as aforesaid, their executors, or administrators, and all and every person and persons alting as such agent or agents, and residing in parts beyond the seas as aforesaid, their executors or administrators, other than and except such agents or persons as are or shall be residing in East India; shall, on or before the thirty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, account for and pay to the treasurer of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, or to his sufficient deputy, attorney, or agent, for the use of the said hospital, all and every sum and Turns of money as shall be then remaining in their hands, on account of such (nares of the money arising as aforesaid, as would have belonged to such officers and men of his Majesty's navy and marines, who had forfeited the same by deserting from his Majesty's (Service, in case*hey had not so deserted, and also such shares thereof as were forfeited by the several naval officers, seamen, and marines, intitled thereto, on occasion of their not claiming the same within three years from the respective times appointed for the payment of the said shares, by the publick notifications given of such payment, pursuant to the said acts j and that such agenrs or persons as are or shall be residing in East India shall account for, and pay to the treasurer of the said hospital, or to his sufficient deputy, attorney, or agent, for the use thereof, such shares as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four: and that if any suit shall, after the said thirty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and if any suit and seventy-three, be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of shall be law or equity by or on behalf of the said hospital, against any brought a. agent or agents nominated and appointed for the purposes afore- fg^t, &c. said, or either of them, or against any person or persons acting except inch as such agent or agents, (who at the time of passing this act shall as are in East be residing in parts beyond the seas), their executors or admi- India, rocom-nistrators, 'bther than and except such as are or shall be residing in East India, for an account of, or to compel payment of any agent shall such shares as aforesaid; such agent or agents, person or per- pay 5 k p*r fons, acting as such, their executors or administrators, shall pay ctnt- together to the treasurer of the said royal hospital, or to his sufficient deputy, attorney, or agent, for the use thereof, interest at the rate unclaimed of five pounds per centum per annum, for such sum of money as (bare*

shall, in the event of the said suit, appear to be remaining in the

F % bands

68 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. i6. tx7?

hands of such agent or perfoft respectively, on account of such forfeited and unclaimed shares as aforesaid, together with the a-Interest to be mount of such forfeited and unclaimed shares; such interest to computed af- be computed from the end of three years next after the timeap. ter 3 years pointed by such notifications, as have been given pursuant to

notification. tke for t^e payment of such shares as aforesaid.

No agreement

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in th.is ail contained to be vacated shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to vacate any a-between the greement entered into between the commanders of his Majesty, sea and land forces conjunctively employed in the expedition against Manilla, or any other place* during the late wars with France and SpajnK

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such sum and sums of money as by virtue of such a*

commanders of Tea and land forces.

All money due to land

mlcUimed^ in Breements became due to his Majesty's land forces* and are now the hands of remaining unclaimed in the hands of any agent or agents, shall any agent, to be forthwith paid to the of appointed by an act made be forthwith; n the fifth year of his present Majesty, intituled, AnaQ to

commHTioner* igtntsfor pristmtm to account for such sums

appointed by ln their hands unclaimed, the property of any of ms Majesty's land aft 5 Geo. j. forces, and for the application thereof \ to be applied by the Hud to be applied of according to the directions of the said act. as the said act directs.

[Publick act.]

X. And be it further enacted and declared) That this act shall be deemed a publick act; and all judges, justices, and other persons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for imbanking, draining, and preferring, certain fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Rarofey, in the county of Huntingdon; and in the parishes of Doddington* March, Benwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Hie of Ely. in the county of Cambridge; and for amending the road from a certain bridge in the narish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a drain calked Vermuyden's, 'or The Forty Feet Drain, to a budge called The Forty Feet Bridge in the said pat i(n of Ramsey.

[Preamble.]

The whole fen lands described make two separate district* for imbanking the river Nene; and the said fen lands, so described, are divided into five ditfrifts for draining. First district for draining. Second district. Third district Fourth district. Fifth district. Commissionen appointed for general distr ift for imbanking. Owners of too acres of land in the general district may appoint a commissioner. Commissioners. Own* ers of hx acres of land to be a commissioner for first district. Otrner of six acres of land to be a commissioner for fecand district. Owner of ten acres of land to be a commissioner for the third district. Owner of ten acres to be a commissioner for the fourth district. Owner of twenty acres to be a commUfioner for the fifth d ift rift. Owner of fifty acres of taxable lands to appoint a commissioner for fifty acres. Owners of fifty acres in lower or fifth district to appoint a Commissioner for imbanking and draining. Power of commissionen of the fifth district to make sub-divisions. Commissioners to meet twice in every year. Commissioners of the lower district to by a tax of i s. per acre for imbanking. Quantity of lands to be given in by owners. Allowing a re-survey of land. How the money rated and assessed, &c is to he applied Monies arising in the tipper and lower district bow to be applied. General of may borrow 40001, for imbanking.

Tax

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 26.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Tax of 1 s- ftr acre not to be lessened so lone as any money i« due there-on. Securities assignable, and to be entered in a book for that purpose. Tax of 11. per acre chargeable with payment of the principal money, and vcited in creditors. No money to be borrowed but at a meeting, and with content of the commissioners. Tax of 1 8. to be raised from persons rated, and refuting to pay; to be levied by distress and sale, with the charges, of appraising, See. Commissioners to ftt turnpikes on the Forty Feet Bridge. Tolls. Tolls veiled in of $ who may distrain in case of non-payment. Tolls to be paid only once a day. Fences to be set up on side of road Or gate for occupiers of land, and a key to be given, at the expence of the of Persons permitting private passage to evade tolls forfeit 40s. Gates, fences, and toll-houses, vetted in of* Power to lease tolls for three years on it days notice. Application of tolls* Qualification of of of the road and tolls: they may lower tolls with consent of creditors on8 days notice. Persons evading payment of tolls, to forfeit 40s Exemptions from tolls. Penalty on claiming exemptions if not intitled. Commissioners may borrow money on credit of tfae tolls, and assign over said tolls for payment. Alignments to be entered in a book. Trustees may lend money on security of tolls. Preference to persons offering to lower interest. Continuance of this act. Commissioners for the drainage, to meet twice in every year. Commissioners may assets 3 s. pgr acre for first dittrift; 33. per acre for second dittrift 3 as 6d. per acre for third dittrift; is. per acre for fourth dittrift; »s. per acre for the fifth dittrift. Tenants of part of the fifth dittrift shall pay the taxes during the continuance of their leafet. No dams, See. shall be cut or opened before Aug. 1. after patting this act. La nth exempt from draining tax. Stamps exempted from payment of taxes. Survey of general dittrift to be surveyed for separate dill rifts. Expence of draining the second and fourth dittrift, how to be paid. Commissioners in supparting and widening the general districts, shall make satisfaction to thb owners ol foil. Waters not to be conveyed ttf the sea other than into the nver Nene and Forty Feet Drain. Commissioners may distress for taxes. Land-owners to pay a penalty of ad. in is. for nonpayment of taxes. Soak banks to be joined. Commissioners may borrow money on separate dittrift. Sums to be borrowed, at one time, on each dittrift. Securities assignable. Money borrowed chargeable on taxes, and vetted in creditors, Commissioners or land-owners impowered to drain any ditches 4>r drains dividing districts or lands. Cutting into firing, bow to be prevented. Commissioners to appoint officers. Officers to account yearly, which the of are to pass. Accounts to be entered. Officers to account upon oath. Materials for roads and banks may be Carried a-way by the of Orders and proceedings of of ta be entered in books. Orders not to be reverted. Persons wilfully defraying works, on conviction, shall be deemed guilty of felony. Persons cutting works, to forfeit 10l. on conviction. Persons occasioning obstructtons an drains and fishery, to forfeit not exceeding $1. Commissioners to make allowance for catching moles and vermin. Penalty on persons allowing hogs to wander on the banks. Burning the banks, how to be prevented. Persons erecting any horse mill, &c. to forfeit col. No hods to be cut within sixty-six feet of banks, under forfeiture of 51. Penalty for making soak banks. See. to be levied by distress. No houses to be built on banks near mills. Trees growing near baoks to be puded down. Owner or occupier to cieanfe dykes. Scc. Mills to be insured. Persons breaking down bridges or rails, to forfeit 51. Encroachments in roads, how to be prevented. Commissioners power tocontraft with workmen. No damage to be done to dwelling*houses in turning roads. Roads to be meSfiired, and mile-(tones erected. No timber to be dragged upon the road, fustices to administer oath. Convictions not to be removed by Certiorari. Double costs in cases of non'Act. Actions may be brought. Writings to be without damps. Persons not included in districts to make and support banks. Commissioners of private districts and land owners to repair the banks of the Nene and Forty Feet Drain, if neglected by the general of Commissioners impowered to repair the bank of the river Nene, in case of neglect, Commissioners of the five ditttifts to make

F1 headings

JQ Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 27, 28.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

headings against the Nene. Breaches in the banks of the rivet Nene, &c. Engines to be employed in draining the lands overflowed. Commissiotien to repair the banks of the river Nene in Mr. Household's farm, if neglected. Mr. John Household to make and repair two headings against toe fifth district next Borough Moore Common, and the river Nene; and in case of negtest, of impowered to repair the same. Experienced engineers to estimate the value of any imbankment to be spade a j yean hence. Annual benefit by the imbankment of Kamfey Meer, and the diminniioe of the soak water, to be paid to owners. Annual benefit to The Foot hundred Acre Farm by the diminution of the soak waters, to be paid to 'owners. Engineers and surveyors disagreeing concerning Ramsey M*r, &c. justices to determine. Saving clause to the corporation of Bedford Level. Saving clause to the of of Nene* Limitation of ac-lions.

Cap. xxvir.

An act to amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the twenty-second vdar of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second! intituled An Act for the more effectual draining and preferring of several fen lands and field lands, in the bounds and precincts of Whittle-fe^, in the lile of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, so far a« the foae relates to the several fen and field lands lying in the third, fourth, and fifth distrif^s, described in the said act.

[Preamble.]

[Publick act.]

Act u Geo. t. The lands in third, fourth, and fifth districts to pay a rate of 3 s. 6d. 3 s. and is. fid. per acre, besides the rate of is. 6 d. charged by act % % Geo. a. to pay debts. Rates to be laid by the com-snifiioners for leven years. How the rates of the third, fourth, and fifth, districts are to be levied after the expiration of seven years. Application of rates after seven years. Quantities of lands hereby taxed to be afeemin-cd in pursuance of aft % % Geo. a. Application of tax for seven years. Commissionert appointed by the former to execute this a ft. The owner of Beale's farm shall be a commissioner. Drams may be made through Wype Doles, paying joyears purchase for land on gross rental. No person to destroy drains. Taxes may be levied by distrtfs and tale. Tenants to pay, and deduct charges out of relit. If lands unoccupied, and no distress to be taken. Collectors, Sec. may distjrain when occupied. Commissioners may borrow money. What sums of money shall be borrowed. Alignments to be transferrable. Taxes chargeable with money borowed. Commissioners to elect a receiver for each distnft $ and to take security iron them. Officers to account yearly, which the commissioners are to pad. Accounts to be entered. Orders and proceedings of of to be entered in books. Orders not to be reversed. To prevent the erecting of horse mills, Sec, Penalty of cutting turves, Sec, is cl. and for cutting soak dykes. See, +d. for every foot. Engines and mills may be infuxed. For. catching moles and vermin. To prevent buildings or holts being built or planted within 40 poles of a mul. Trees and holts may be removed. Houses burnt or mown down may be rebuilt. Distress.not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Limitation of actions. General issue. Double costs. This act not to alter the former act. Rights of the corporation and others fayed to themselves.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to enlarge the cemetery or churchyard, of the parish of Watford, in the county of Hertford, and to make an additional building to the present workhouse, for the reception of the poor of the said parTlhj and for other purposes therein mentioned.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 29. Ji

CAP. XXIX. yfn aH to explain and amend an ail, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present intituled, An act for

taking down and removing certain light-houses now standing near the Spurn Point, at the mouth of the Humber \ and for erecting other fit and convenient light-houses instead thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking G*down and removing certain light-houses now (landing near the*

Spurn Pointy at the mouth of the Humber $ and for erecting other fit and convenient light-houses instead thereof; after reciting9 a-tnongst other things, That it was absolutely necessary for the safety of the northern navigation that two new light-houses Should be erected tn a proper place nearer to the Spurn Point than the place where the then light-houses food: and that John Angell then of Stockwell in the county of Surrey, esquire, as owner of three fourth parts of the said light-houses, revenues, duties, and profits, having had frequent s applications made to him, or his agents, by the corporations of the.

Trinity Houses ^Deptford Strond and Kingston upon Hull, and also by Leonard Thompson, therein named, and all possible means having been used to prevail on him to change the situation thereof, in such a manner as that they might answer the good ends and purposes foil which they were originally designed, bad, from time to time, wholly neglected or refused so to do, or to contribute his proportion of the expence of taking down and removing the said then light houses, and of trebling and building others in the fitad thereof as aforesaid, whereby, and by petitions to his Majesty for that purpose, and by references thereon, the said corporations, and also the said Leonard Thompson, bad been put to tonfidtrable charges and expences; and {Ufa reciting. That the said Leonard Thompson was ready and willing to take down and remove the said then light-houses, and to erect and build others instead thereof, in such place or places near to the present poin( of the Spurn, and in such manner and form, as Should be thought mo ft proper and convenient by the said corporation of the Trinity House/Deptford Strond, and under their inspection and direction, upon his being enabled to borrow and raise money for that purpose, and for repaying to the said corporations of the Trinity Houses of Deptford Strond and Hull, and him the said Leonard Thompson respectively, their said respective charges and expences incurred concerning the said light-houses, and also for defraying the charges ofsoliciting and obtaining that act, and so that the three-fourth parts of the said revenues, duties, and profits, belonging to the said John Angell, might be a redeemable interest in him, or the person or persons entitled thereto, on his or their paying the whole amount of the said expences of the said corporations of Deptford Strond and Hull, end of him the said Leonard Thompson, and the interest thereof, and three-fourth parts of the expences of obtaining that act, and removing and rebuilding tbq find light-hou fes, and the interest of such'f^three*

7$ Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1772.

three-fourth parts, /a ffo ar persons who Should advance end lend the same, so'j, for, ar /foir executors, administrators* or a[-signs \ but by reason of the estate and iuter$fi tvhico the said John Angell had in the fend three-fourth parts of the said lands* tight-houses* revenues, duties* and profits, and by reason that the fold Leonard Thompson was only tenant for life* with such remainders over as in the said oft is mentioned* in the said fourth part of the said premtfes* the purposes aforesaid could not be effected without aid 'and authority of parliament*therefore, for promoting a workJo conducive to the jufety of his Mefififs fubyefts* and to remedy Jo grtti a detriment to trade and navigationrs it was swifted* That it Should behvsful for the said Leonard Thompson, and other the perfeu and persons who Should for the time being be intit Jed to his fourth port of the duties and profits by the said act granted or continued by or under the therein recited will of Edward Thompson, and he and they were thereby, authorised and required* with as much speod as tonvem-cntly might be* after the first day of June, one ihousemd from hundred and sixty-six* to ere ft and build, or cause to be ereftod and built* Owe new and sufficient light-boufts* with juitdble offices and tmttm-emits* at or near the said Spurn Point, and according to fitch fkn and estimate as the master* wardens, and ajftfiants of the said carp* ration of the Trinity Houfo ^Deptford Strond Should* by writing under their common Jeal* specify, appoint and approve of $ and for that purpose to take down the then present light-houses, and to mb uft of all or any part of the materials thereof* or otherwise to filled dispose of, the same* and to apply the money arising thereby totoorls building fitch new light-houses; and in the mean time* and until fid new light-houses shall be compleated* to ere ft and continue two km* for ary light-hmfes as near as might be to the respective places when the said new light-houfis Should* as aforesaid* be appointed to be built* and also. to keep sufficient lights and fires continually burning in tbt night season, Jo as to arfwer the purposes intended by the said act* fen the benefit of navigation 5 and from time to time to enlarge* centred* filter* or remove the said new light-houses or either of them* os h-casion might require, with the confint and by the dir eft ion of the jam corporation* to be signified as aforesaid 5. and for any of the purposes aforesaid* to enter upon and use fuctipart or parts of the land at nr near Spurn Point, as the corporation of the Trinity House j/Deptford Strond Should* from time to time* by writing under their com* Vton seal* appoint: and to the end that the completion of so necessary a work might not be obstructed by the said John Angelo perfifiing in his refufql to co-operate with the said Leonard Thompson therm* and for enabling the said Leonard Thompson, or othqr person or persons who jhoula corny into possessm of his Jbare or interest in the said premises* to discharge to the corporations of the Trinity Houses a^Deptford WHull, and to him the said Leonard Thooiplbn re-Jpcftively* the expet.cn which be and they, bad been put to on the uca-Jions aforesaid and to discharge the expences of obtaining the said recited act (such expences to be ascertained as therein is dtreded)* and to wife money, sufficient for taking down the then present hgbt-houses* and cr tiling and building the said temporary light 's and new bgbt-

4 - btufts

j

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 29:

frottfts, it was by tbt {aidalt furthtr tuaQtd, That it bouli It -or the said Leonard Thompson, or other person or perfom in p&jfession of his said fourth part, to borrow and raise any sum or Sums of money, not exceeding^ in the whole the amount of the aforesaid expenses and ejiimate ascertained in manner as of ore said \ anafar ft-curing the repayment thereof to mortgage, lease, or demtfe, the ground which Should be appointed in manner aforesaid, together with the light-boufa which Should be trebled thereon, with their appurte ruwccs, and the duties and profits thereby granted, for any number of years, not exceeding five hundred years, under and Subject to such provisoesy covenants, and conditions, as well for redemption as other purposts, as in the said act are particularly mentioned and expressed: and it was by the said act further enacted, That if the said Leonard 'Thompson, or other person or persons who Should come into possession ef his Share and interest in the said premises, Should neglect or refuft to perform the works above mentioned within two years after receive ing such plan and ejiimate as aforesaid, that then the fata corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond Should cause the same to ht compleated; and from and after the ere ft ions $f such new light-houses, and placing lights therein by the said corporation, the said duties thereby granted or continued, with the powers and authorities for demanding» collecting, and receiving the same, Should immediately vest in the said corporation, in manner and for the time therein mentioned: andxvhereas, in purjuanee of the said act, the said Leonard Thorap-fbn bath proceeded to take down the said old light-houses and at his awn expense bath erected two temporary lights; but the said Leonard Thompson not being able to borrow a sum of money sufficient to enable him t$ erect and build two new light-houses at the feud Spurn Point, for the furposes in the said act mentioned, was eonjlramed to apply to the said corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to take upon them, according to the dire ft ions of the said re-died aft, the erecting and building such two new light-houses, with fidtable offices and conveniences, at or near the said Spurn Point, under their care and management, which the said corporation, after furnishing a proper plan and ejiimate for that purpose to the said Leonard Thompson, did accordingly undertake and agree to do, and, in purjuanee thereof, have contrafted and agreed with able and experiencedsurveyors and workmen for the erect ing and building such two new light-houses, according to the said plan and ejiimate approved of under their common seal, as by the said act is directed; and the said corporation are now proceeding, with all due diligence, to conflruft and finish the said two new light-houses, and for that purpose have already expenaed and laid out several large sums of money, and will be under a necessity of expending a fill further considerable sum before the said light-houses and works can be compleated: and whereas the duties granted or continued by tie said farmer aft are not to become veJUd in the said corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, under the powers contained in the said recited act, until the said two new light-house shall be erested, and lights placed thereon by the said corporation: and whereas the said corporation, and the fold corporation of the Trinity House of Huh, and also the said Leonard

T^Ppfon,

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. €.29, [1772.

Thompson, have expended very considerable sums of money on tit tccafms in the said act mentioned, as also in the obtaining the afore-/aid act of parliament, (all which expences. have been ascertainei bj the of therein named, according to the dire ft ions and authority of the said act), and since the passing thereof, in pulling down tit [said old light-houses, aui erecting the aforesaid temporary light-beufa> and in carrying on the present works towards building and compkot* ing the said two new light-houses, which sums they have at present no means of being reimbursed\ and the agents of the said John Angdl have also greatly obstructed the workmen employed by the said corporation of the Trinity House <7/" Deptford Strond, in erecting the foil new light-houses: and whereas it is highly necessary to the navigat'm of this kingdom, that the said new Rgbt-boufei Should be erected aid complected as soon as may be; and it is also very fit and reafmablt that the said corporations of /^Trinity Houses ef Deptford Strond oni ^HuII, and also the said Leopard Th°mpfon Should be feverollj paid their aforesaid charges and expenses \ may it therefore please tour Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and coin sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thon-sand seven hundred and seventy-two, the said two temporary Tested in Tri-^ght"houses erected as aforesaid, and the upholding, mainte-jiity House of nance, management, and care thereof, until the said new light* Deptford houses shall be erected and compleated, and also all and every Strond, until the duties granted in or by all or any the letters patent in the said recited act mentioned or referred to, or by the said act continued, confirmed, or granted, together with the powers and authorities by the said act, or letters patent, given or granted fpf demanding, collecting, and recovering the same, shall immediately yeft in the said corporation of the Trinity Hsuft of Deptford Strond, and their successors, who may from time to time, appoint proper light-keepers, and other officers and servants, for the care and management of the said temporary and new light-houses, and also proper persons to receive the iame duties $ and the said corporation shall and may, and is hereby required and impovyered, by and out of the three-fourth parts of the said duties belonging to the said John Angell, in the first place, to discharge and reimburse to the said corporations of the Trinity Houses of Deptford Strond and Hull, and to him the said Leonard Thompson, all the expences which they have respectively been put to on the occasions in the said act mentioned, and which are, by the said recited act, directed to be wholly borne and paid by the said John AngtU, together with interest for the same; and also by and out of the whole of the said duties, to discharge and reimburse to the said corporations and Leonorl Thompson all the expences which they have respectively been put to in obtaining the said recited act of parliament, as the same several expences have been ascertained, settled, and allowed by the commissioners therein named, as hereinbefore mentioned;

and,

Temporary light-houses and duties

all expences be paid, Sec.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 29.

and, in the next place, to discharge, satisfy, and reimburse to 'the said Leonard Thompson* all such sum and sums of money as he shall have laid out and emended in, about, or incident to the said two temporary light-houses, together with the interelfr for the aforesaid several and respective sums of money; and after payment and satisfaction thereof, then to satisfy and reimburse to the said corporation of the Trinity Hottft of Deptford Strond all such sum and sums of money as the said corporation hath already or shall hereafter expend or be put unto in maintaining and repairing, and also in the management and care of the said temporary lights, and in the erecting and compleating the said two new light-houses, and all charges and expences incident thereunto respectively, together with interest of the same; and also < the expences of foliating and obtaining this present a &: and from and after full satisfection of all and every the sums of mo-and after fttif-ney, charges, and expences herein-before mentioned and enu- faction of air snerated, and hereby intended and directed to be paid by receipt money doe, of the said duties, and also after payment of the charges and pences of collecting the same, then the power of the receiver orsted in the receivers to be appointed by the said corporation shall cease and former predetermine, and (he said duties shall from thenceforth re-vest in prietors, the said John Angell and Leonard Thompson respectively, according to their proportionate shares and interests therein, or in the persons for the time being intitled to the same, together with the powers and authorities by the said act granted for demanding9 collecting, and recovering the same.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the r authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said to be altered corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond* until such in case of ne-time as the said two new light-houses shall be compleatly erect- ceffity.

ed, and lights placed therein, from time to time, in case of absolute necessity, to alter, or remove the said new light-houses, or either of them, and for any of the purposes aforesaid, to enter upon and use such part or parts of the land at or near the Spurn '

Point, be it the foil or ground of the King's most excellent majesty, his heir9 or successors, or of any other person or persons, bodies politick, corporate or collegiate; and that the charges and expences of such alterations or removal of the said new light-houses, and in the mean time of erecting temporary lights, if the same shall be found necessary, shall and may be detained, from time to time, by she said corporation, out of all or any part of the said duties, in manner aforesaid,

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and de- p^w-fioni for dared. That if after the said new light-houses shall have been future repairs, built and coropleated, and the same shall be re-vested in the said Leonard Thompson or John Angell* or either of them, or in any other person or persons intitled to their or either of their shares therein, the said new light-houses, shall at any time thereafter be out of repair, so as not to answer the purposes hereby intended, and shall not be put into sufficient repair and condition within the space of forty days, after giving or leaving no-u..... ?> tto

j6 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1772.

tice or warning in writing from the said corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond with the keeper or keepers of the < said light-houses, requiring such defers or wants of reparations

to be remedied and amended; then, and from thenceforth, the said corporation shall, and they are hereby required to cauie the said light-houses to be repaired, and from thenceforth the said duties hereby granted or continued, with the powers and authorities for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same, (kail immediately again vest in the same corporation who may, from time to time, appoint proper persons to receive the same duties, and thereout reimburse themselves all the expences, costs, and charges which they shall have sustained in or about the repairing the said light-houses, and all other incident charges; and from and after payment and satisfaction thereof to the said corporation, the power of the receiver or receivers so to be appointed as aforesaid shall cease and determine, and the said duties shall thenceforth re-vest in the said Leonard Thompson and Jh AngelL according to their proportionate share or interest, or in the persons for the time being intitled to the same, with the powers and authorities hereby granted for demanding, collecting, and recovering the same.

The duties

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties to demanded and raised in respect to the light-fame'manner h°uks to be erclied by virtue of this present or the said former as for the old alt, shall be demanded and payable in like manner, and to as light-houses. full extent as the same were due and payable in respetft of the said former light-houses, which have been pulled down and abated by virtue of the said former act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

On payment V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That by Mr. An-

in case either of them the said John Angell, and Leonard Thomp-tbompfon to f9n* of person or persons intitled to their respective shares of the Trinity the said light-houses and duties, shall at any time, pay and reim-House their burse to the said corporation of the Trinity House of Deptferi respective Strond, his or their respective parts and proportions herein-be-pences?&c!- ^orc a^certalncd of the several (urns charged upon the said duties ti e light'to be vested in the said corporation for the purposes herein-be-bouiebtore- fore directed, that then the said light-houses and duties shall, veil m either from thenceforth immediately re-vest in either of them the said 0 tiem. John Angela and Leonard Thompson, or the person or persons intitled as aforesaid, according to their proportionate shares and interests in the said Kght-houses and duties, who shall have so paid his or their lefpeetive full shares and proportions of the said sums of money.} any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Mr. Thomp-

VI. And whereas it would be unreasonable that the proportion of f: >n impowtr- the expences charged by the said former and this present act, upon the fourth or such other part of the said light-houses and duties, whemf c* the fad Leonard Thompson is fa tenant for life, Should ie roij/i and paid out of or during kis life cjlate therein in exoneration of tbt person or persons who will be intitled to the fa ate fourth part, expect-"*'* csi

I>72.7 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 29. $7

fffi/ upon his deceasi; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Leonard Thompfonx and he is hereby fully authorised and impowered, by mortgage, grant, lease, or demise of the said fourth or other part of the said light-houses and duties, and the reversion and inheritance thereof, to bprrow and raise any sum or sums of money sufficient to pay and discharge, and hot exceeding in the whole the amount of the said several expeaces, to the payment whereof the said fourth part is made chargeable, 'and subjected by the said former and this present act; and such mortgage or mortgages shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding the said light-houses and duties being invelied in the said corporation, and notwithstanding the said Leonard Thompson9: being only tenant for life as aforesaid % so nevertheless that such mortgage or mortgages shall not defeat or obstruct, or be construed to defeat or obstruct, the purposes for which the said duties are hereby directed to be vested in the said corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond; and fai as "every such mortgage shall contain a proviso, that the person or persons who shall, upon the decease of the said Leonard Thompson, become intitled to the reversion or remainder of the same fourth or other part, shall not, on his, her, or their coming into possession thereof, be liable to any larger arrear of interest than for one year preceding the time when the title to such possession shall accrue and commence; or in default of raising by mortgage as aforesaid the amount of the said several expences, where to the said Leonard Thompforfs said fourth or other part of the said light houses and duties is charged or sub-jeQcd by the said former or this pftfent aft, for the purposes herein-before enumerated, the same shall be.a lien and charge upon the reversion or remainder of the same fourth or other part, expectant on his decease, and shall be payable to such person or persons as the said Leonard Thompson shall by deed or will, to be duly executed by him in the presence of and attested. by two or more credible witnesses, direct and appoint, or in default thereof, to the executors or administrators of the said Leonard Thompson, at the end of six months next after his death, together with interest for the same, from the day of his decease, by the person or persons who shall thereupon become intitled to the reversion or remainder of, the same fourth or other part of the said light-houses and duties.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-Saving Mr, thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, Constable'a to prejudice William Constable esquire, his heirs or assigns, or such ri£htl# other person or persons who now is or hereafter shall be owner or owners of the foil or ground whereon such new-intended.light-houses, offices, or other conveniences, shall be built, with respect to the satisfaction and recompence made to him or them by the said former act, nor to defeat, lessen, or prejudice, the right, title, and interest, of the said William ConfMe % his heirs, or assigns, as lord or lords of the manor of Kilnsea, in the said

county.

1 s Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.joT [1772.

county, or as lord or lords of the seigniory of Holderness; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Saving the

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the author rights of the nty aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, of corporation. fcc construed to extend, to prejudice, lesien, or defeat, any of the powers, privileges, immunities, or jurisdictions of or belonging to the corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud. limitation of

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any action or suit shall be commenced agiinft any person or persons for any thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this act, that then, and in every such case, the action or suit shall be brought within six calendar months next after the fad committed, and shall be laid in the county of York, and not else* where; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit General issue. so to be brought shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall becooK nonsuit, or shall discontinue his, her, or their action or adioos, suit or suits, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Treble costs, shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants shall and may have in any cases by law.

Publick act# X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be i publick act; and be judicially taken notide of as such in all courts, and by all judges, justices, and other persons whatso* ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the further augmentation of the fabrics of At justices of Chester, and the great fejions for the countits in Wales.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is highly rtafonahlt and expedient that a fur ther augmentation Should he made to the /diaries of the jujluti Surplus anting of Chester, and of the great fejfms for the counties in Wales: cd from stamp- whereas the feverdl/lamp-duties, granted by divers acts of parliament ed by* 3* Geo. ma*e tn thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty Kq

and % & 5* George the Second, and in the feconi and fifth years of his prefest Geo. 3. Majesty's reign, and appropriated for the payment of the augmentd falanes of the respective judges therein mentioned, have, for the laj four years, produced annually a considerable surplus; and the same by the said several acts, reserved for the disposition of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern- from April*, poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and plied a* a fur- ^y the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day ther augmen- of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, there tarion to the shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every year, out of any of falanes of the surplusses which shall arise upon the several stamp-duties, uluce81 granted

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 31. 75

granted by the acts aforesaid, after the payments already charged hereupon, shall, from time to time, have been satisfied, the urns of money following to the several justices herein after mentioned, as an addition to, and in further augmentation of, their^.

respective salaries; that is to say, the annual sum of three hun- the

dred pounds, to the chi$f justice of Chtfitr for the time being; chief justice the annual sum of two hundred pounds, to the second justice of of Chester; Chtfltr for the time being; and to each of the justices for the J£^Vfeco"d* time being of the great sessions for the counties in which justice, said several and respective sums of money shall be, and are here- to every juf-by charged upon the surplusses of the several stamp-duties afore- tice of the said, and shall be paid thereout, in every year, at such time or times, and in such manner, as the iidaries of the said justices now^n. are or have been used to be paid. usual.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- if the (nr* rity aforesaid, That if the surplusses of the said duties shall prove ProT* insufficient, in any year, to make good and answer the sums herein-before appointed to be paid and applied yearly, in further Sawable* augmentation of the salaries of the said justices; then, and in batement to every such year, a rateable abatement or deduction, in propor- be made, tien to such deficiency, shall be nude out of the several annual fnms hereby directed and appointed to be paid for that year to such justices respectively; and if any surplus shall remain, in any year of the produce of the said duties, after payment of the monies hereby charged thereon, the same shall be reserved for the disposition of parliament, in the same manner as it was directed to be reserved before the making of this act.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register

or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by'law, and for giving further time for those purposes; to indemnify members and officers, in cities,

and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to

he stamped according to law, or, having been stumped,

have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped, and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to at for nits and solicitors.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers persons, who, on account of their

places, employments, or profefftons, or any other tause or -fion, ought to have taken end subscribed the or the assurance -

fpcOively appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed, in and by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late King George the First, of glorious memory, intituled An act for the fur- person, wj, <» ther security of his Majesty's person and government, and the hav: omitted

fuc- to take the

«o

oaths appointed by.ad i Geo. s.

Act 15 Car. a. Act >5 Gar. a.

Act jo Car* a*

Act s Geo. t»

Act 9 Geo. a.

Act 18 Geo. a.

and Act 6 Geo. j.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. jh.[1772.

succesliort of the crown in the heirs of the late princefe Sophia* being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales and his open and secret abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the well-governing and regulating corporations 5 or to have fra* Hfied themselves according to another act made in the twenty-fifth jiet of the reign of King Charles the Second* intituled An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the sacrament of the Lord's flipper, according to the usage of the church of England, and making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned; sr according to another act, mode in the thirtieth year of the reign sf\ King Charles the Second* intituled An act for the more effectual preserving the King's person and government, by disabling pa-piifts from fitting in either hoqfe af parliament $- or according u another act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late mjtft King George the First; intituled An act for granting the people called Quakers* such forms of affirmation or declaration atmaj remove the difficulties which many of them lie under; tret* cording to another act, made in the ninth year of the reign of bn kt vtajejfy King George the Second, intituled An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that porpofej and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter-sessions; and also for enlarging the doe limited by law for making and subserihing the declaration against transubstantiation 5 and for allowing a further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devHees, and feflees; or according to amthr act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late mtijefy Keg George the Second* intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further qualification of justices oj tht peace \ or according to another act made in the sixth year of the rtip of his present Majesty* intituled An act for altering the oath of abjuration, and the affurrance; and for amending so much of aa act made in the seventh year of her late Majesty Queen /w, intituled An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to persons indiftedot high treaforx, or misprision of treason, have* through ignorance sj the law* absence* or some unavoidable accident* omitted to take andfd* feribe the said oaths and assurance* and make and subscribe the ^duration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid* within such time, and in such manner*as in and by the foiiafli respectively* or by any other act of parliament in that behalf malty is required* whereby they have incurred* or may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and d fabilities: for quitting tht minis sf

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 81

his Majestfs subjects* and fir preventing any inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of futb omissions; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and.confem of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the feoie, That all and every person or persons who, at or before not qualifying the passing of this act, hath or shall have omitted to take and before the subscribe the said oaths and declarations, or to receive the sacra- of this mem of the lord's supper, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or 1 themselves, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts, or any of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made is required; and who after accepting any such office, place, or employment, or undertaken any prorcffion or thing on account of which such qualification ought to have been had, and is required, before the passing of this act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the sacrament of the Lord's supper, according to the usage of the church of England, or who, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December* one thou- or before Dec* sand seven hundred and seventy-three, shall take and subscribe5*?73» the said oaths, declarations, and assurance respectvdy, in such cases wherein by law the said oaths* declarations, and assurance, ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form* and at or in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act made in the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, or by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and also hath or have received, of shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December* ene thousand seven hundred and seventy three, receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper according to the usage of the church of England* it! such cases wherein the said sacrament*ought to have been received, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty -fifth day of De-tember, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, make and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, make and subscribe the said declaration, in the said Statute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in such cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed, and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said act is directed, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all indemnified penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities incurred, or£ainlt for-to be incurred, for or by reason of any neglect or- omission, pre- cuur<1'

Yious to the passing of this act, of taking or subscribing the said oaths or assurance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking pr subscribing the *

Yol. XXX. G Lid

Not to indemnify any person for any penalty incurred by neglecting to qualify him-

Persons producing appointments and admissions before5i 1773,

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1771.

said oath, according to the above-mentioned act*, or any of them* or any other act or acts; and such person and persons is, and are, and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same state and condition, as he, she, or they were in before such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the above-mentioned acts, and every of them: and that all elections of, and acts done, or to be done, by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity, as the same or any of them would have been if such person or persons respectively had taken the said oaths or assurance, and received the sacrament of the Lord's supper, and made and subscribed the said declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, according to the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them; and that the qualification of such person or persons, qualifying themselves in manner, and within the tftne appointed by this act, shal) be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual as if such person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any person against whom final judgement shall hare been given, in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law.

III. And whereas the appointments of divers clerks of the feat, town clerks, and other publick officers, and the admissions of dbm members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, sc the entries of such admissions in the court books, rolls, or records if such cities, corporations, and borough towns, which by several acts if parliament are directed and required to be famped, may not have bm provided, or the same not duly stamped, or may have been loft or mil-laid; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the relief of such persons whose appointments and admissions, or the entries of whose admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or nor duly damped, or where the same have been loft or mistaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such persons, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, to provide, orcaufc to be provided, appointments and admissions, or entries of admissions as aforesaid, duly damped; or, in case where such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly damped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions as aforesaid, to the of appointed toinfped and manage the revenues of the starap-duties to be duly damp*

cd;

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 3*; Bj

rd 5 which such of are hereby authorised, impowef- ed, and required to duly (lamp, on payment of the duties first payable, or to have been paid on such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, without any fine or forfeiture thereon; and such persons so providing appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped; Jj* c-or procuring the same to be duly damped in manner aforesaid, qualified toatt are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as clerk as clerk, of of the peace, town clerk, or other publick officer, or member Acer, cr mem* or members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and her of corpo-borough towns respectively, to all intents and purposes, and ma^emoyatl shall and may hold and enjoy, and execute such offices, or any offices into, other office or offices, into which he or they hath or have been which they elected, vnotwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission*cn of any of their predecessors, in such cities, corporations, or Jeofail^borough towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and dif- indemnified, charged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, from all penal-penalties, and damages, by reaibn of any such omission; and t, es an<? Danone of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided by rea- ^bV^son son of the same. ofomWIbns.

IV. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein con- Not to extend tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore or to rtftore per-intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, bene-

fice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by^judgement,

judgement of any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already

legally filled up and enjoyed by any other person; but that such

office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing £b avoided, or

legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remainrin and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of

this act, be legally mtitled to the same, as it this act had never

been made.

V. And whereas many pet fins have omitted to cause affidavits to be Persons who

made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper office, of the actual execution of J'several contracts in writing entered into by them to fervr e

as clerks to attornies or solicitors9 within the time in which the same Michaelmas; ought to have been doney and many infants, and others, may thereby 177a, incur certain disabilities; for preventing thereof, and relieving such

personss % be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who, at the passing of this act* shall have neglected or omit* ted to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, and who, on or before the first day of ATubaeU mas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, shall cause one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indem- are indemnf* nified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, for- dif-

feitures, incapacities, and disabilities, in or by any act or acts of pena!ties[r°m parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by p reason of such neglect or omission; and every such affidavit and affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said first day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven

Q 2 huti*

84 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 3l. [1772.

hundred and seventy-two, shall be as effectual, to ail intents and purposes, as if the same had been made and fifed within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been made and filed.

Persons pay- VI. And, for the relief of any person or persons who tknttgh neg anVdutieswi^or ^tta^verttncJ b* knitted to pay the several rates and duties, fndemure*, n or Part thereof upon monies given, paid, contracted, or ogreei See. before* for, with or in relation to any clerks, apprentices, or fervonts, wbt Sept. »9» 1771, have been put or placed to or with any mafier or mistress to horn snj idl* fadfi^k Profefl*9n>* employment; and to have pub indenture, cr

pcn other writings, which contain the covenants, articles, controls, tr agreements, relating to the service of such clerk, apprentice, or fa vant, stamped within the times by the several acts of parliament, fir those purposes respectivety limited; or who have also in like mour omitted to insert and write, in words in length, in fitch indentures, tr other writings, as aforesaid, the full sum or Junes of money, orosj part thereof received, or in any-wde directly or indirectly green, fed, or agreed, or contracted for, with or in relation to every such tkrl, apprentice, or servant, as aforesaid; be it enacted, That upon payment of the rates and duties upon monies, or such part of such monies so neglected or omitted to be paid as aforesaid, on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fevetxty-two, to fitch person or persons to whom the same ought to be paid, and tendering the said indentures, or other writings, to be stamped at the same time, or at any time on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoubnd feta hundred and seventy-two, (of which timely notice is to be given in the Lond<m'Gatsette,) the same indentures, or other writings, shall be good and available in law or equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatsoever*and the clerks, apprentices, or servants, therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended trade or employment, as fully as if the said rates and duties so omitted had been duly paid, and the full sum or sums received or agreed for as aforesaid had been inserted 5 and the persons*who have incurred any penalties by the omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said penalties, (except such persons against whom any process has been already commenced;,) any thing in the said former acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further eng&ed, That in case any action, suit, bill of indictment, or information, shall, from and after the Persons prose- passing of this act, be brought, carried on, or profeevted against cuted and sn*y person or persons hereby meant or intended to be indemni-tobe intan^ recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfeiture, nified, may penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever, incurred, or to be plead the ge- incurred, by any such neglect or omission, such person or persons acral issue. may plead the general issue, and upon their defence give this act, and the special matter, in evidence^ upon any trial to be bad thereupon.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 32. 85

CAP. XXXII.

An act for allowing the fret importation of rice into this kingdom, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America,

for a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the allowing the free importation of rice from

any of his Majestfs colonies in America into Great Britain for a limited time, may be of great advantage \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's moit excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall may be

and may be lawful for any person or persons to import into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, at tjme before any time or times before the first day of May % one thousand May 1, 1773* seven hundred and seventy-three, any rice without the payment of any subsidy, custom-duty, or imposition whatsoever, any thing in any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise not with (landing.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Subsidy of 6, d. That for and upon all rice which shall be imported into this£{[ kingdom duty-free by virtue of this act, and which shall be ported, to be again exported thereout, 'there shall be paid and answered to his paid, accord- Majesty, his heirs and successors, a subsidy of poundage of fix- jngthe wa-pence in the pound, according to the value or rate set upon ricelue t"ercof» imported, in the book of rates, referred to by the act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second $ which said subsidy of sixpence in the pound, upon such rice so exported, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by such ways and means, and he levied as under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the yc°

subsidy or poundage, for any goods or merchandise exported other goods, from Great Britain, may be raised, levied, collected, or recovered, by any act of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were parti- cularly repeated, and again enacted in the body of this present act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties hereby That the said duties granted by this act upon rice exported, shall grated to be (the necessary charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and be there reserved for exchequer, the disposition of parliament.

*3

66 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 33, 34. [1772.

CAP. XXXIIII.

An act for allowing the importation of wheats wheat flour, rye, rye meal, and Indian corn, into this kingdom, /or a limited time % fret of duty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the importation of wheat and wheat flmr> rjt,

and rye mealy from any part of Europe, or from any of hh Majesty's colonies in America, and also the importation of Indian corny from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, into this kingdom^ for a limited times free of duty, may be advantageous to his Majtflji subjects; may it therefo?e please your most excellent Majesty that'it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Fleur, rye, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and and rye meal, may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, to may be 1m- import into Great Rritainy in any ship or vessel whatsoever, at any time or times before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, any wheat, wheat flour, rve, and rye meal, from any part of Europe, or from any of his Majesty's colonies ip America; and also any Indian corn, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, into Great Britain % without the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; and may also be carried coastwise, under such regulations as wheat and wheat flour, rye, and rye meal, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all times before the said first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority a fore fa id, That a due entry shall be made, in such manner hou^belonff- an<* ^orm as were u^ec* or Practised before the making of this pig to the port of all wheat, wheat flour, rye, and rye meal, and Indian into which corn, which shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, by the same shall Virtue of this act, before the said first day of December, one thou-pe imported, farlci seven hundred and seventy-two, at the custom-house belonging to the port into which the same shall be imported or on penalty of brought in; or otherwise, in default bf making such entry, such being made' wheat, wheat flour, rye, and rye meal, and Indian corn, shall ^uafdory16 l, able anc* subject to such and the same duties as were pay* formerly paid. able upon the importation thereof before the making of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An to amend an act of the tenth year of the reign of his present Mi* jesty, for building a wtorkhouse in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the city of WeltminJeF, in the county of Middlesex.

IBjiy

ported, without payment of duty, at any time before Dec. i, tn i9 from any part of Europe or America.

IJue entry to by made

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 35. 87

CAP. XXXV.

An act for enabling their Majesties to 'enfranchise copyhold lands bolden of the manor of Richmond, in the county of Surrey, and for enablinghis Majesty to Shut up a lane leading from Richmond Green to the river Thames, and to fell and exchange certain lands within the manors of Richmond and Wimbleton.

WHEREAS his Majesty, being seised in right of his crown Preamble, of the manor of Sheene, otherwise West Sheene, otherwise Richmond, in the county of Surrey, did, by letters patent under the great seal, bearing date the fourth day of October, in the tenth year of his reign, grant the said manor to his royal confort Queen Charlotte, during the term of her natural life, at the ancient reserved yearly relit of twenty pounds: And whereas it may be convenient to their Majesties to enfronchife the copyhold estates, bolden of the said manor, but such enfranchisement cannot be made without the aid of parliament: And whereas his Majesty, in right of his crown, or same person or persons in trust forhis Majesty, is or are seised of a farm consisting of a messuage, out-buildings, and thirty eight acres of land or thereabouts, fttuate within the manor 4/* Wimbleton, in the said county of Surrey; and it would be convenient to his Majesty to have a power offelling or exchanging the said farm, and also divers estates belonging to his Majesty in the said manor of Sheene, otherwise West Sheene, otherwise Rich monel, for other estates more convenient y fi-tuate\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common?, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for their Ma- Their Majes-jesties, and the survivor of them, at any time or times, during t,s^their lives, and the life of the survivor of them, by any writing their or writings to be by their Majesties, or the survivor of them, live*, enfran' subscribed, in the presence of two or more witnesses, to enfranchise copy-chifc all or any copyhold messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, holden of the said manor of Sheene, otherwise West ho^en of the Sheene, otherwise Richmond\ and to acquit and discharge the same manor of messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and the respective Richmond, tenants thereof, of and from all copyhold or customary tenure, rents, and services whatsoever; and such messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall, from the respective times of such enfranchisement, be, and be deemed freehold estates, holden of instruments the same manor, any Statute or law to the contrary thereof not- of cnfranchifc-withstanding. ments, by vir-

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- k*reoJ' rity aforesaid, That every instrument of enfranchisement made t^c general by virtue of this act, shall, at one of the two general courts ba- court* baron ron which shall be holden for thte aforesaid manor of Sheene, holden at otherwise West Sheene, otherwise Richmond, next after the date of ^u^Intered such enfranchisement, be duly presented and entered on the court thVcourt

Q 4 rolls roll*

88 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 35. [1771.

tu1, within rolls or books of the said manor: And also within the space of 6 months if- gx months after the day of the date of such enfranchisement, be rolled before »nro^c^ before the King's auditor of the county of Array for the the King'* time being, or his deputy, and not being so presented, entered, auditor of and inrolled, within the respective times aforesaid, shall be void, urW 5 or and of none effefh

wifevoid." HL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, His majesty, That it shall be lawful forhis Majesty, at any time or tiroes during hit during his life, to make sale of all or any of the freehold or hie, may fell copyhold messuages, lands, and hereditaments, of which his

&7wTthinthe Majesty» °f7 P^00 r Persons in trust for his Majesty, aic nnnor of or ls now feited within the aforesaid manors of ffmkkton and Richmond, in Sheene, otherwise West Sheene, otherwise Richmond* or either of which he is them, for such price or prices as can be obtained for the said or exchange ffccbold or copyhold estates, or to exchange the same, or ay any part^Part thereof, for the fee- Ample and inheritance of any other free-thereof* hold or copyhold messuages, lands, or hereditaments, as to his Majesty shall, from time to time, seem nsoft convenient; any Statute or law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

All Aims a-^IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Mtho. rifina from rjty aforesaid, That all Aims of money which shall be raised by said estates to an? or ^cthis Majesty's aforesaid estates within the M be paid to* manors of Wimbleton and Sheene, otherwise West Sheenty other-the chancel- wife Richmond, or of any part thereof, shall be paid to the chin* l°r*1 of the cel lor, of his Majesty's exchequer, for the time being, and shall,

exchequer. with ass conVenient speed, be laid out and applied by order of his Majesty, his heirs or fqcceftors, in the purchase of the fee-Ample and inheritance of such freehold and copyhold lands or tenements, as to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall seem convenient, to be conveyed and allured to the use of, or in trust for, his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

After the pass- V. And whereas there is at prefept a lane or foot-path leading fm

h* b«f. the Green in Richmond to the side of the river Thames, which lane Ing from Rich - divides certain grounds within the said manor belonging to their Ab-mond Green iefites> which lane might be /hut up without any inconvenience to tie to the inhabitants within the said manor, there being another lane Ue£*i

Thames, to from the same Green to the river side called Palace Lane: And be tout up. whereas it would be a great improvement to the said grounds if the frft-mentioned lane or foot-path was Shut up: And whereas the Kinfi tnofi excellent majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify his ropl intention of caufwg Palace Lane to be amended and kept in good repair for the future, and also to cause to be raefedy made, and to he sept in good repair a foot-path and towing-path from the end of the said lanty along the side of the said river, to two ferries belonging to his Majesty one called Railhead Fferry, and the other Isleworth Church* Ferry, which will be advantageous to persons having octofion to pass from the said green to the said ferries \ be it therefore ensured by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the pairing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, Jiis heirs and successors, at his and their costs and charges, to

'I*'m f.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 36, -38. 89

cause the lane or footbath from the house now in the occupation of Lewis Shepbeard wine-merchant, near Richmond Green aforesaid, to the side of the river Thames, to be (hut up and discontinued; end it shall not be lawful for any person or persons, at any time after the passing of this act* to make use of the said lane or foot-path, or any part thereof, on foot, or otherwise, from the said house in the occupation of the said Lewis Shep-heard to the side of the river Thames \ any right, claim, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. n.r

VI. Provided, That the King's most excellent majesty do and shall, at his own proper costs and charges, cause the said lane by his Ma-called Palace Lane from Richmond Green aforesaid, to the side of jesty, at his the river Thames, to be well and sufficiently amended and made own charge^ commodious) and aUo do and shall cause a convenient foot-path &c* and towing-path to be raised and made from the end of the said Palace Lane, next the river Thames, along the side of the find river, to the said ferries called Railhead Ferry and Iflewartb Church Fer- ry; and that his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or any person or persons daiming by, from, or under, or in trust for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, who shall, for the time being respectively, hold, occupy, possess, or enjoy Richmond lodge, park, and gardens, do and mail keep the said Palace Lane from Rich- maud Green to the side of the river Thames, and also the foot-path and towing-path along the side of the said river, from the end of the said Palace Lane to the said ferries, in such good and sufficient repair as that the same shall be convenient at all times hereafter for passengers on foot, and that the said foot-way along the side of the said river shall and may be used as a towing-path by persons on foot, towing and haling barges, boats, and other yefiels along the said river.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for compleating a building intended Tor a n$w church or chapel ' at Richmond, near Everton, in the county palatine of Lancaster) and for other purposes.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for draining and preferring certain commons, low grounds, and cars in the parish of Market Weighton, and other adjacent panihes in the east riding of the county of York) and for making a navigable cat or canal from Market Weighton to the river Humber.

Cap. xxxym.

An act for paving, cleaafing, lighting, watching* and regulating the squares, streets, rows* lanes* alleys* and other publick paflagts and placet, within the parish of Chi ill Church* in Middlesex) and for removing puifances and ob&ruction* therefrom.

96 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1772.

CAP. XXXIX.

An cbt for ratfing a certain sum of money by loam or exchequer bilhy for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

\K7 y* Majestys me ft dutiful and loyal subjects, the comrnm, of Great Britain, in porliamtni assembled, towards rcifa

the necessary supplits which we have chearfuHy granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have refohed to give and grant iota your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-m^be^rea-k°nty same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for fury to raise'comraifiioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time v.8oo, ooool. by being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for loans on ex- the time being, at any time or times before the fifth day of Jm-mry^ one ^oufan^ seven hundred and seventy-three, to causeor77i» J 5* direct any Joans to be taken or received at his Majesty's exchequer from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any sum or sums of money, not exceed-b ?J^nner.ai ing, in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the sum ad of thisC onc million eight hundred thousand pounds, in the fatneor session is pre- like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like fcritied, with rules and directions as in and by an act of this present session of respect to parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Ms-chequer bffls jesty certa*n duties upon malty mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervid thereby au- of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, are enacted

thorised to be and prescribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be tak-takenormade. CIj or ma(je In pursuance of the said act.

The clauftsin H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That retains to a^ an(* every t*lc clauses» provisoes, powers, privileges, advan-loans or billsageS penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said last-mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorised to be made by the same act, (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also xcept as is herein after mentioned,) shall be applied and extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance extended to of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpefes, tins aft. as jf the same loans or exchequer bills had been original!} authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said itveral clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enscb ed in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aurho-

' 4 ntj

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 39. 91

rity aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out by Exchequer virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued bi, sffued# at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth day*'

of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, receiv- in payment of cd or taken, or pass or be cunent, to any receiver or collector any taxes, in Great Britain, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise or oft any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills in case the famd shall be, in due course or order of payment, before the said sixth day of April; nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time, before the said sixth day of Aprils for any money of nor exchaqg. such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exche- befre quer bill or bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by vir- APnl6>l77V tue of this a <ft; nor shall any action be maintained against any A6Hon not to such receiver or collector, for neglecting or refusing to exchange heor such any such bill or bills for ready money before the said sixth day re u' " of April; any thing in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting Co his MajeJij certain duties upon malty mums cyder, and perry y for the fervid of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two> or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Money so That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the inter- raised tobc eft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the xtpar-fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, liamentary and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or sup- aid 1

plies which shall be granted in the next session of parliament; and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not £ railtSbe-be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun- fore July 5, dred and seventy-three, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, 1773, with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or atto be charged tending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and charge- ?nAhe able upon such monies as, at any time or times at or after the u said fifth day of July, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund,

(except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf;,) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever mofties shall be so iflfued out of the said fur-

92 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 40, -42* [1771.

Monitt (b if- plufles, excesses, overplus monies, or other revenues competing placccTou/ofkc fundt <h*H> from time to time, be replaced by and the first sup^ out of the fifft supplies to be then after granted in parliament; plies. any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bank of Eng-

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority rtfed u>*ad- aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and.vance the (ltd company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma-sum on the jesty in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of this credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money,not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds; any thing in an act made in the fifth and Axth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mar^ Ad 5 & 6 intituled An act for granting to their MajeJIUs several rates and k- &ha!a, lac ties upon tonnage of ships and vessels; and upon beer, ale, and ether"'liquors; for securing certain recompences and advantages in the fed ail mentioned, to such per font as shall voluntarily advance the sum if m one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war

against France \ to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XL.

An act for amending and rendering more efivdual an act, made in tie tenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for building a net parish church, and declaring the present paxifh church a chapel; for making a cemetery or church-yard) and for building an house for die use of the minister of the parish of Saint Maty Ip Bone, in the county of Middkfe*.

CAP. XLI.

An act to building a bridge ow the river Thames, near the tow if Maidenhead, in the county of Berks.

' r

[Preamble.]

CAP. XLII.

\A» a3 for /titling and determning what parts of the

of tbt Savoy, in the county of Middlesex, shall be under

the surveyof tbt eourt of exchequer, and what parts there-

of under the survey of the i of Lancaster.

WHEREAS within the liberty of the Savoy, parol of tU possessions tf the duchy tf Lancaster, in the aunty of Middlesex, there if a attain place or piece of, formerly the fdu of the manor of the Savoy, and now commonly blown by the noon of The prccind of the Savoy, being heretofore parcel of the pofftjftm of the said duchy: And whereas by certain letters, seal of the said duchy of Lancaster, bearing date the third ioj of in the second year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, tie said King granted and confirmed the said place or piece of ground, the description of the feite of the manor of the Savoy, or a certain place or piece of ground called The Savoy, parcel of the duchy s/Lancaster, lying in the parishes of Saint Clement Danes, without tk bars of the New Temple, London, and the Blessed Mary le Strand, in the county of Middlesex, abutting as therein is mentioned) vto the executors of the will of King Henry the Seventh, their heirs onl ofsigns, for ever, to thq intent they might ered, found, and ffliMJh*

rbs/fiul

93

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 42.

?&spital thereon: And whereas an hospital was, in pursuance thereof % afterwards eretfedy founded\ and efiablifbei on the said place or piece ground\ which afterwards became vefitd in the tnajler and perpetual chaplains of the hospital of the Savoy: And whereas upon a vi-

11 ration of the said hospital, by fir Nathan Wright, lord keeper of the great seal of England, on or about the thirty first day of July, one eboufandseven hundred and two9 the said lord keeper declared toe said hospital to be disfohedy and certified the same unto the then lord high treasurer of England, and the barons of the exchequer, and thereupon the said place or piece of ground was duly put in charge for the benefit of the trown: And whereas a doubt hath arisen in point of law9 whe* ther the said place or piece of ground9 upon the dtjfolution of the find hospitaly efchcated to her then majesty Ijpueen Anne, in right of her crown of England, or whether the same reverted to her said Majesty as parcel of the duchy of Lancaster, whereby it is uncertain in what manner leases and grants thereof ought to be made, and the revenues sued for9 and collid'd-9 and whilfi such doubt remains9 the premises cannot be improved so as to yield the advantage the same are capable of: jlnd whereas by permission of his Majesty or his predecessors9 kings of £ngland, there have been built and created in and upon the said place er piece of ground certain chttrcbes9 called The High German Church, and The Low German Church, and convenient church yards or burying-grounds have been indofed adjoining or contiguous thereto nfptflmly; and there are also now Jianding upon the said place or piece of ground certain builiings9 now used as barracks for fol- dears9 and as prisons and futtling-bovfcy belonging to and for the use of the find barracks \ and also two dwelling-houses adjoining or contiguous to the said barracks, which are usually inhabited by certain of the officers of the army having command of the soldiers residing in toe said barracks: And whertaSyfor obviating and removing the said doubt and inamtenienqeSyhis Majesty is minded that the aforesaid churthety church-yardsy bartacksy prisons, futtling-boujiy and dwelling-beufes, with the feites thereof \ shall be from henceforth dernedy taken, and adjudged to bt9 parcel of the possessions of the crown of this rtalm9 and ms such be under the survey % rule % order9 and government, of the court ofexchequers and that all the rest and rtfidue of the said place or pita of gronniy with all the buildings thereonyfball be united and annexed to the duchy of LancaHer; his Majesty is therefore pleased and contented that it may be enacted, oretained, and established; and be it enacted, oretained, and established, by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirittaal _ b and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem- Church-yar§i, bled, and by the authority of the same, That our sovereign lord burying-the King shall from henceforth have, hold, possess, and enjoy to grounds, barium, his heirs, and successors for ever, in right of his crown, all ra c* UP* tnofe two several churches called The High German Church, and The Low German Church, situate, Handing, and being within and savoy, to be upon the said place or piece of ground, called The prccinQ of the enjoyed by Savofy in the county of Middlesex, together with the church* yards and burying-grounds to the same churches adjoining and ^r\ghtoi his belonging 5 and also all those buildings Handing and being with- crowu

with all the duelling

ng __________ __________ ________^__________

houses ntuate yfo priory, and usually occupied and enjoyed by such of the of-Fnary/ ficers of the army as have the command of the soldiers in the said barracks, for the time being; and also all the feites, ground, and foil, whereon the said churches, barracks, prisons, Tattling-house, and dwelling-houses respectively Hand, and the foil of the said church-yards and burying-grounds respectively, together with all ways, paths, and passages, to and from the same premises respectively; and that all and singular the lame churches, church-yards, burying-grounds, barracks, prisons, futtling-house, and dwelling-houses, and the feites, ground, and ioii thereof, shall, by authority and force of this act, be from henceforth for ever in the order, survey, and governance, of our said sovereign lord the King's court of exchequer, and of the chancellor, officers, and ministers of the same; and all the farms, iiTues, rents, and arrears of relit, revenues, and profits, coming and growing of, or which have grown and are now due for the premises, and every part thereof, shall be ordered, taken, received, and answered, by the same chancellor, ministers, and officers, of the same court, in such and like mariner and form as the farms, issues, rents, revenues, and profits, of other the hereditaments, and possessions of the crown, within the survey, rule, order, and governance, of the King's court of exchequer, and the chancellor, officers, and ministers of the same court, have been or ought to be ordered, taken, received, and answered.

The prerin&

II. And be it further enacted, That all the rest and residue of of the Savoy the said place or piece of ground, called The precinff tf the Savoy, an^x^dtothe thereof, and all messuages, houses, and buildings

duchyCof Lan- whatsoever thereon, with all and every their appurtenances, caster. shall be, and the same are, by the authority and force of this

alt, from henceforth for ever, united and annexed unto the % duchy of Lancaster, and shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken for ever, for and as parcels and members of the said duchy of Lancaster, and shall be of the same nature, quality, kind, and condition, to all intents, construltions, and purposes, as others the ancient possessions of the said duchy (lying out of the county palatine of Lancaster,) be, and ought to be, and shall be, in the letting, setting, order, rule, survey, receipt, and governance, of the chancellor, council, and officers of the said duchy of Lancaster, for the time being, for evermore, in like and the same manner and form, to all intents and purposes, as others the said ancient possessions belonging to the said duchy, (lying out of the said county palatine,) be, have been, or ought to be; and that all and Angular the said messuages, houses, buildings, and ground, united and annexed to the said duchy of Lancaster, by authority and force of this all, and all apd Angular grants, leases, and letters patent thereof, or of any part«thereof, hereafter to be made by the King's majesty, his heirs and successors,

shall,

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1772.

in and upon the said precinlt, now used and employed as barracks for soldiers, and as prisons and futtling-house, belonging to the said barracks; and also all those two dwelling-houses, (i-tuate within and upon the said precinlt, near unto a place called

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 42. 95

shall, for evermore, pass and be made under the seal of the said duchy, and not under any other seal, or otherwise, and with the like and the same livery and seisin, attornments, ceremonies, or* ders, and circumstances in the law, and in the same manner and form, as other the ancient possessions of the said duchy, and the grants, leases, and letters patent thereof, heretofore of ancient time made, have used and ought to be made and passed, and not other wise, nor m any other manner or form; any law, Statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing here- Nothing herein contained, shall extend to abate or affect any action, infer- " abatVanv mation, bill, suit, or other proceeding, already brought or com- actions, see. xnenced by or on the behalf of his Majesty, in any of the courts commenced of law or equity, against any person or persons for die recovery o? behalf of of the possession of the premises contained or mentioned in this

acfr, or any part thereof, or for the mesne rents and profits there- o7pSfeffioiJ of, or any part thereof, but that the same actions, informations, or for the*bills, suits, and other proceedings, shall and may be prosecuted mesne rents, and carried on in such and the same manner, and with the same &c# validity and effect, as if this act had not been made.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in every action, In a.n?nfor-

Information, bill, or fair, brought or commenced, or to Sail

brought or commenced, for the purposes aforesaid, it shall be be /ufficient sufficient for his Majesty to make due proof of a title to the for birMa-premises in question, either in right of his crown, or as parcel Prove of his duchy of Lancaster-, and that all and every judgement and orifes. decree already had, or to be had, obtained, and pronounced p therein respectively, and every execution thereupon, shall be available, and shall be and remain in full force and effect.

V. Provided also, That in every such action, information. Proof of a bill, or fuir, it shall be sufficient for the defendant or defendants J*tle derived to make due proof of a title to the premises in question, derived shall from or under his Majesty, or any of his royal predecessors, either for defend-in right of his crown, or as parcel of his said duchy of Lancaster, ants, be an and that every such title shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged effectual bar to be, an available, sufficient, and effectual bar against his Ma- Mainly.1* jesty, his heirs, and successors; any law, Statute, or usage, or any

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Andy to the end and intent the premises may belaid out to the His Majesty greater advantage, and may thereby be improved to their utmost va- may, from lufy be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That our said fovc- t5"*c10 time* reign lord the King, his heirs and successors, may, from time to*JJe time hereafter, at his and their liberties and pleasures, by letters premiles, patent, to be sealed with the (eal of the duchy of Lancaster, limit,

assign, and appoint, any part or parts of the premises, which by force of this act are annexed and united to the said duchy, unto the survey, rule, older, governance, jurisdiction, letting, and felting of his Majesty's court of exchequer, and the chancellor, officers, and ministers of the same epurt, and the premises to be so limited, assigned, and appointed, by force of any such letters patent, shall, from the teste of the said letters patent, be fevered

form

6 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1772.

from the said duchy, and Audi from thenceforth be and remain in the ferny, rule, order, governance, jurisdiction, letting, sett- ing, and receipt, of the same court of exchequer, and the chan-

cellor, officers, and ministers of the same; and all the farms issues, rents, revenues, and profits of the premtfcs, lb to be limited, affiened, and appointed, shall be ordered, taken, received, and answered by the same chancellor, ministers, and officers of the same court of exchequer, in such and in like manner, and form, and to and for such uses, intents, and purpose t, as the farms, issues, rents, revenues, and profits, coming and growing by, or out of other the lands and hereditaments, being the ancient possessions of the crown, within the order, fumy, and governance of the same court of exchequer, and the chancellor, officers, and ministers of the same have been, or ooght to be ordered, takeo, received, and answered; and that our nid sovereign lord the King, his heirs sod successors, may also, from t'raao to time hereafter, at his and their liberties and pleasures, by lutes patent, to be sealed with the great leal, unite, annex, limit, assign, and appoint onto the find duchy of, any part or pans

of the premises, which, by force of this act, are put under the order, survey, and governance of the court of exchequer, and the chancellor, officers, and ministers of the same; and that all ami every the premises, which shall happen to be united and Mooted to the said duchy, by force of any such letters patent, shall be, from the teftc of the said letters patent, within the order, survey, rule, governance, jurisdiction, letting, and setting of the chancellor, council, and officers of the said duchy of, for the time being, as others the possessions of the said duchy of Lancaster, lying and being out of the said county palatine Of after, have, u(ed, and ought to be, and that as well all and every such limiting, assignnsent, and appointment made, or tube made by our said sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, of, any of the premises, unto the court of exchequer, and the chsn-cellor, officers, and ministers of the same, by any letters patent; under the leal of the said duchy, as also all and every fetch an-. nexing, limiting, alignment, and appointment, to be made by his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, of any the premises unto the said duchy of Lancaster, by any letters patent under the grea seal, shall be as good and available as if done by authority of parliament.

Saving an VII. Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies po-&c. brick and corporate, and to their heirs, successors, and assigns, which they*"* to*ie, e're> successors, and assigns of every of them, ill had previous &ch right, title, interest, possessions, lease and leases, rents, proto the passing fits, easements, addons, suits, and demands whatsoever, which hereof. they or assy of them Should, might, or ought to have had, in, to, or out of any of the premises before the^naking of this act, and not herein or hereby expressly taken away, altered, or abridged, in like aind the same manner, form, and condition, to all intents, coastructions, and purposes, as if this atS had never been made,

1 Cap.

1772*} Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43. $7

CAP. XLIII. An act for vesting Ely House, in Holbourn, inhis Majesty* his blurs and successors* and for applying the purchase-money* with another sum therein mentioned* in the purchasing of a freehold piece of ground in Dover Street, and in the building and fitting up another house thereon, for the future residentc of the bishops of Ely, and the fur-

plus to the benefit of the fee*and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the right reverend Edmund lord bt/bop of Ely Preamble, is seised* in the right of his fee* of a capital mansion-house called Ely House, situate in Holbourn, in the county of Middlesex, and the Jcite thereof: and whereas* fence the death of the right reve* rend Matthias, late lordbifbop of Ely, his lorijbifrs immediate pre-deqeffor* an account hath lien adjufeed between the representatives of the said Matthias and the said Edmund, now lord bt/bop of Ely, of the dilapidations incurred on the said mansion-house; and the same having been estimated at three thousand pounds* that sum bath been fecund to the said Edmund, now lord bishop of Ely, by bond* bearing date the eighteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one* from Charles Wager Purvis esquire* fence deceased* payable as therein mentioned: and whereas upon a proper purvey lately made of the fend house* and offices thereto belonging* it appears that the same are* from length of time* and other causes* become so decayed* that it hath been advtfed*w by experienced workmen* to rebuild »rather than attempt the repair thereof: And whereas thereupon* and as no fuffecient fund offered for rebuilding* an agreement hath been made and reduced into writing between the right honourable the lords of of his Majesefs treasury* and the said Edmund, now lord bishop of Ely, bearing date the twenty fevonth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two*whereby* af ter reciting,

(among ft other things)* that it had been represented to their lordships that the piece of ground whereon the said house flood might be rendered of confederate advantage to the publick, tfe the same could be procured* tn order thereon to erefl publick offices; and that the said Edmund lord bishop of Ely, being seised and possessed* in right of his fee* of the said ground and house thereon, was ready and willing* so far as in him lay* to dispose of the same for the benefit of the publick* upon a full and adequate compensation being made to him and his feuc* ceffbrs* and the said fee of Ely, in lieu thereof; and that their lordships were desirous the same might be purchased for the service of tha publick* and that the said lord bishop of Ely, and his successors* and the said fee of Ely, might* out of the publick money* receive a rea-finable confederation fir the same: and further reciting* that* upon a treaty between their lord/bips and the said Edmund, now lord bishop of Ely, and upon proper surveys taken* and calculations made thereon* it had appeared and been agreed on* that a clear sum of six thousand five hundred pounds, and a clear annuity of two hundred pounds* for ever, would be a full price and adequate confederation fir such Vou XXX. H piece

Anno duodecimo Geokou HI. c. 4}.

[1772.

piece rf ground and house thereon halt; but that fitch treaty end a* grcement could not he effectually efiablifiutd and carried into execution without the authority of parliament* it was mtueffed* and the find Edmund lordbishop of Ely agreed and undertook that he would, tenth all convenient Jptei* so far as in his power lay* at his awn expesue*, procure an act of parliament to he puffed for the purpose of carrying the find treaty into immediate execution* and of giving toe said lord bcjbop of Ely, and his successors* proper powers to convey such piece of ground* and the house and buildings thereon erected* to finch perfims* and for such uses* as Should he United by the lords of of the treasury for that purpose; in which act of parliament were to he contained proper clauses for [tearing to the said lord bishop of Ely, or his fitccessors* the said Jim of six thousand five hundred pounds* deer tf all deductions and outgoings* to bepaid on the execution of the pm- I chafe deeds of the said premises* in fitch manner as the jaida& Jbotdd I direct; and also for securing the said annuity of two hundred pounds*.the produce of winch Jbotdd be paid to the fetid lord bishop of Ely, and I.his successors* from time to time* as part of the revenues of Use said bishopritk* injuch manner* and under fitch directions* as by the said act of parliament Should be provided; and also that in case the said lord bishop cfiAy Should ebufe to have a furtherfiem of money advanced m lieu of the said annuity* or any part thereof* that then there Should he paid ta him* or other proper persons to he named in the feud ad? a fitm of money in lieu of the said annuity* or of part thereof* at tht election of the find lord bishop of Ely, after the rate of thirty years purchase: and whereas since the said agreement a certain ffeebii piece of ground hath been offered to the said Edmund lord bishop of Ely, late belonging to the right honourable William lord vifiount Chetwynd, in the kingdom of Ireland, deceasid* situate; Jjover Street, in the parishes of Saint James and Saint Martin in the Fields, or one of them* tn the county i/' Middlesex, as a proper and commodious spot whereon to creQ a juitable manfim-boufeffcr tht future residence of the said lord bishop of Ely, and his successors* tht bishops of Ely, in the room of the said ancient manjion-house in Hol-\ bourn, and an agreement bath been entered into between the fetid lord bishop c/Ely and Lucy Chetwynd and Esther Chetwynd, thepre-fient owners of the said piece of ground* and the ancient house and buildings thereon erected in Dover Street aforesaid* for the purchase of the said last mentioned piece of ground* and the )houfa and buildings thereon* at the price or sum of five thousand six hundred pounds* [part of the before-mentioned sum of six thousand five hundred pounds)* fob-yect to the yearly sum of eighteen pounds for ever* payable out of pan of the premises* to the right honourable the lord Berkely Stratton, his heirs and assigns (which last mentioned purchase* never the Uj)* is to take effect only in case the said prior agreement with the lords cm-miffsoners of tho treasury shall be establijbei and effectuated by parliament); and if such purchase shall take place* it hath been proposed to pull down the old house and buildings now standing on the said pita of ground in Dover Street, and instead thereof to erect such manfm-. louse as aforesaid and to apply the said sum of three thousand pounds to pe received by the said Edmund, now lord bishopjfltiy* for dik-

pidatmx

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43;

pidatimsy and the whole, or a sufficient part of the consideration to hi paid by the lords of of the treasury, (agreeably to the lati* tude given by the aforesaid contract )y for the purpose of building and fitting vp the same for habitation, and the fitrphis (tf any shall remain) for the benefit of the feey in such manner, and under such rtftri&ions, a* to the wsfdm of parliament shall appear reasonable: and whereas the rents reserved in and by several of the leases granted by the bishops of Ely, in right of the said fee, are made in the said mansion house in Holbourn, and it bath been usual for the bishop of Ely for the time being to hear and determine appeals from several colleges in the weniverfity of Cambridge, as visitor thereof at his said house in Holbourn, and to cite all parties concerned in such appeals to appear at the said house \ but it wilt be proper, upon the alienation of the said Iq/l- mentioned house, to transfer the payment of such referued rents, find exercise of such appellate jurisdiction> to such new manfton-house, to be trebled for the future residence of the bishops of the said feey when the same shall be so trebled, and in the mean time to provide same other proper place or resort for the said several purposes: and whereas ihe 'effetlslating and accomplishing the said agreement with the lords of of the treasury will be of great advantage to the publicity and the several purposes purpoftd to be answered in confer quence thereof will be no less beneficial to the fee of YAy; yet foraf* much as the same cannot be carried into execution without the aid end authority of parliament5 therefore may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted \ tfnd be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal', and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ( from and immediately after the payment into the bank of England by his Majesty, his heirs of (ucteffors, in the names of the said Emund lord bishop of £/?, and of Owen Satusbury Breretm of Sbotwuk Park, in the county palatine of Chester, esquire, and Thomas Hunt of Mollington, in the said county, esquire, trustees hereby appointed in that behalf, or the survivors or survivor of them, of the full sum of six thousand five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all taxes, impositions, fees, rewards, and other deductions, on or before the eleventh day of June, which will be in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, in part of satisfaction and compensation for the purchase-money of the present house called Ely House, and feite thereof, situate in Holbourny herein after mentioned and described, to be by them the said Edmund lord bishop of Ely, and Oiven Salusbury Breretony and Thomas Hunt* or the survivors or furVivor of them, and the executors and administrators of such survivor, paid, applied, and disposed of, to and for the uses, intents, and purposes herein after declared and enacted concerning the same) all that house called Ely Houfty situate in Holbourn, in the county of Middlesex, and all that and those the chapel, coach-houses, stables, and other offices^ gardens, and yard thereto belonging, with all the rights, member#, privileges, immunities, exemptions, ways, paths, paf-

H 2 sages.

too Anno duodecimo GeofcGji HI. C. 43. [1772.

figes, casements, commodities, emoluments, advantages, and appurtenances to the said house and premises, or any part there* of, had usually held and enjoyed therewith, slave and except hereout all the ancient wall and fences, which circumscribe the several mefluaees or tenements now held by the right honourable I Jnthony earl of Shaftflmry, under a lease from the late lord bishop of Ely, with free liberty of ingress and egress, to repair or rebuild the said walls, and without prejudice to all lights necessary i to the said messuages or tenement, or such other buildings as j may hereafter be erected on the fcite of the said premiles,) shall be, and be deemed to be, and are hereby declared to be, veiled in and annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and shall be and remain for ever unalienable from the same; and his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the imperial crown of this realm, shall for ever have, hold, and enjoy the lame against the said Edmund lord bishop of Ely, and all and every person and persons claiming or to claim, from or under or in right of the said episcopal fee of Ely, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and indemnified of, from, and against all former grants, charters, tides, estates, leases, or other incumbrances whatsoever, made or granted of the said house, fcite, and premises, or any part thereof, saving unto the said now lord bishop of Ely, and his successors, bishops of the said fee of Ely, all other the lawful privileges, royalties, franchises, and jurisdictions, which of right do belong and appertain to bio and them in right of the said bishoprick, to be had, used, exercised, and enjoyed, except in and upon the premiles hereby alienated, or any part thereof, or within the bounds or circuits of the same.

Receipt of

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

be* Cfd&dent That the receipt or receipts of the proper clerk or cashier, clerks discharge.*or cashiers, of the governor and company of the bank of England, under his or their hand or hands respectively, testifying the payment of the said Aim of six thousand five hundred pounds, or any part thereof, by the lords of of the treasury,

' or the lord high treasurer for the time being, or such persons or person as he or they, or any three of them, shall order and direct to pay the same into the bank of England, in the names of the said Edmund lord bishop of Ely, and Owen Sahtjhery Brer etui, and Thomas Hunt, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall be a sufficient and full discharge to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or such other persons* or person so paying the same, their, his, or her heirs, executors, or administrators, of and for the said sum of six thousand five hundred pounds, and every part thereof, or so much thereof as such receipt or receipts thaJl be given for \ and that his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and all and every such other persons and person as aforesaid, upon and after fuen receipt or receipts given as aforesaid, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said sum of six thousand five hundred pounds, and every part thereof, notwith*

2 Handing

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 0, 43. iot

(landing any subsequent loss, non-application, or misapplication of the same, or any part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How compen-

That in additional satisfaction, and in full compensation of and f«wn shall be for the said house and fcite thereof, and other the premises so €

vetted in- and annexed to the crown as aforesaid, there, shall be F

paid to the said lord bishop of Ely, and his successors, for ever, as part of the revenues of the said bittioprick, and to be applied and diposed of as herein after mentioned, one annuity or yearly sum of two hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary or other taxes, payments, fees, charges, and deductions whatsoever, payable by even and equal half yearly payments, on the eleventh day of June and the eleventh day or December, in every year; the first of such half-yearly payments to be made on the eleventh day of Decmbery which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and now next ensuing; and the said annuity or yearly sum of two hundred pounds, lawful money aforesaid, shall be so paid and payable to the said lord bishop of Ely, and his successors respectively, for the time being, in manner aforesaid, by the respective receivers-general of the duties or revenues of the several offices that shall hereafiftt be estabtished and appointed*to be held within the fcite ofi the said house, and other the premises respotti 'ely, and at such offices respectively, from and after the same shall be so established and held, in such manner, and in such proportions, as the lords commissioness of his Majesty's treafufy fot the time being, or any three of them, or the lord high tre*surer for the time being, shall, from time to time, direCi; and in the mean time, and until such offices shall be so established and held as aforesaid, by the receiver-general of the duties on salt for the time being, and at the present or future office for the time being of the said receiver,

IV. And be it further enacted, That on payment of the said Receipt* of annuity or yearly sum of two hundred pounds, or any part bishop of thereof, to the said lord bishop of Ely, or his successors, the re- fic£" ceipts of the said lord bishop, or of his successors, shall be good charge*, and sufficient discharges to such receivers-general or receiver-general for the time being, or tb the person or persons who shall

pay the whole, or any part thereof respectively, for the sum or sums of money expreued in such receipts; and the same shall be allowed such receivers-general or receiver-general on patting their or his accounts or account; and in case the said annuity, or any part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the space of forty days next over or after any of the said days on which the fapip shall become due and payable, after having been lawfully demanded at the office or offices aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Edmund lord bishop of J£1y7 and his successors, bishops of Ely for the time being, to bring an action at law for recovery of the money from time to time to accrue and become due, and in anrear thereon, in his Majesty's court

H 3 Of the premifet, to be paid by the bishop of Ely within fmpathsj

rot Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43. [1772.

of exchequer at JV^lminster^ against the receivers-general respect lively of the several duties or revenues, which shall arise from the respective offices to be so established and held as aforesaid, from and after the same shall be so established and held, in such proportions as shall be directed for payment thereof as aforesaid, and in the mean time, and until such offices shall be to efiab- lifted and held as aforesaid, against the receiver-general of the duties on salt for the time being; in which action noessoin, wager of law, or protection, shall be allowed; and in case the plaintiff shall recover in such action, he shall be intitled to full costs.

The v. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

dationianfen t*iat t*lcrcc thousand pounds, lawful money a-

ln respect of foresaid, being the amount adjusted as aforesaid of the dilapidations arisen in respetft of the said house and feite thereof, and other the premises so veiled in and annexed to the crown as a* foresaid, shall within the space of six months, to be computed from the day of passing this act, be paid over by the said lord bishop of Efy that now is, his executors or administrators, in case he or they shall then have received the same; or if the same shall not have been so received as aforesaid, that then the security so taken for the said sum of three thousand pounds, by bond, fes aforesaid, so far forth as respects the said sum of three thousand pounds, shall be assigned and transferred by the said lord bifoop of Ely, his executors or administrators, in due form of law, unto the said Owen Salusbury Brtreton and Thomas Hunt, their heirs and assigns, upon the several crusts, nevertheless, and to and for the several intents and purposes herein after expressed and declared concerning the same; and that the receipt or receipts of the said Owen Salusbury Brertton and Thomas Hunt, or the survivors or survivor of them, or the heirs or assigns of such fur* vivor, under their, his, or her hands or hand respectively, testifying the payment of the said sum of three thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by the said lord bishop of Efy> his executors pr administrators, shall be a good and effectual discharge to the said lord bifoop of Ely*, his executors or administrators, or the persons or person so paying the same, their or his executors or administrators, of and for the said sum of three thousand pounds, and every part thereof, or so much thereof as shall be specified in such receipt or receipts: and in case the said sum of three thousand pounds, and every part thereof, foall not have been, fa received by the said lord bishop of Elyt his executors or administrators, within the said space of six months, to be computed from the passing of this a & as aforesaid, and thereupon the same shall be so assigned*$nd transferred by the said lord bishop of Ely, his executors or administrators, to the said Owen Salusbury Brereton and Thomas Hunt, their heirs and assigns, in manner and form aforesaid; that then, and front thenceforth, and from and after such alignment and transfer shall be so made^of the said bond as aforesaid, the said lord bifoop of Ely, b>* fcxpCOtofS and administrators, and every of tjicm, fivftl ft and $nd be for ever

there*

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43; >03

thereafter acquitted and discharged of and from the said sum of three thotsfend pounds, and every part thereof; any thing here* in contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Messuagesto That all that messuage or house now built and (landing upon he settled up-part of the ground and foil whereon a capital messuage or man- ?J*be loI'1, fion-house, with the appurtenances, formerly called Clarendon jj Corapen-House y and afterwards called Albemarle House y did formerly (land, ration, or on ground to the said late capital messuage belonging, situate, and being, in the parishes of Saint James or Saint Martin in the Fields, or one of them, in the county of Middlesex, in a certain street there, formerly called Clarendon Street y and now called Dover Street, on the west side thereof, between the said street on the east, and the garden no\V used with the said messuage or house, but formerly part of the garden heretofore belonging to, or used with, a capital messuage or mansion- house called Berkeley Housey on the west; and the messuage or house formerly in the possession of the late earl of Carbery on the north, and a messuage or house formerly in the possession of the late lord viscount Dun-bary on the south; the which said messuage or house doth contain in the front, next the street, from north to south, thirty-six feet of assize, little more or less, and in the depth from east to west, with part of the garden therewith used, eighty (bet of affixe, little more or lets; and also all that piece or parcel Of ground formerly belonging to and part of the garden heretofore belonging to, or used with the afore-mentioned capital messuage or mansion-house, called Berkeley Housey lying and being in the said parishes of Saint James and Saint Martin in the Fields afore-mentioned, or in one of the said parishes, in the said county of Middlesex, and between a certain street there called Berkeley Street, on the west, and the messuage or house herein-before mentioned, situate in Dover Street aforesaid, on the east, and the ground formerly of Christian lady Berkeley, and John lord Berkeley, deceased, formerly granted to the most noble Charles duke of Shrewfburjy and formerly in the tenure of the said late viscount Dunbary on the south \ and on the ground formerly in the possession of the said earl of Carbery on the north; and the which said piece or parcel of ground containelh in breadth thirty* six feet, or thereabouts, and in lengtlj, on the south side, one hundred and fourteen feet or thereabouts, and in length* on the north side, one hundred and sixteen feet or (hereabouts; and the greatest part of which said piece or parcel of ground is used as a garden to the said qnefluage of house afore-mentioned j all which said parcels of ground, messuage, or house and pre-miles, were formerly in the possession of the lady dowager Falk-landy since of John Egerton esquire, and late of the said fPtlUam lord viscount Chetwynd, deceased, and all ways, paths, passages, vaults, cellars, folars, lights, casements, profits, commodities, and appurtenances whatsoever, to the said messuage or house, piece or parcel of garden ground and premtfea herein-before mentioned, belonging or in anywise appertaining, or therewith

H 4 usually

104

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43; [n 772.

usualty held, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, or known as part, pareel, or member thereof; and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, ifiues, and profits, of all and Angular the said premises, and all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of them the said Lucy Chetwynd and Efiber Chetwynd, or either of them, of, in, ro, or out of the same premises, or any part thereof, shall, firom and after the seventeenth day of June % which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and from and after full payment and satisfaction shall have been made of the before-mentioned sum of five thousand six hundred pouods, lawful money of Great Britain, and every part thereof, unto the said Lutj Chetwynd and EJlher Chetwynd, or the survivor of them, or the executors or administrators of such survivor, by and out of such fund or funds, and by such person or persons, and in such manner and form a^next herein after enacted and declared concerning the same, (in full compensation and satisfaction for the absolute purchase of the fee-simple and inheritance in possesskmof the said freehold piece of ground, house, buildings, and other the premises last mentioned}, be veiled in, and settled upon, and the same, and every of them, are hereby from thenceforth, and such house, buildings, and offices, which shall at any time thereafter be credited and built upon the said piece of ground, or any part thereof, pursuant to the provisions of this act, from and after the same shall be so erected and built, shall be vetted in, and settled upon, the said Edmund now lord bishop of £?, and his successors, the bishops of Ely for the time being, as and for the mansion-house or usual place of residence within the city of Westminster of the*bishop of Ely for the time being, from time to time, and at all times hereafter freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and every claim, right, title, estate, or demand whatsoever, which they the said Lucy Chetwynd and EJlher Chctvqni, or the right honourable William now lord viscount Chetwynd^ in.{he kingdom of Ireland, as eldtf son and beir at law of the said William lord viscount Chetwynd deceased, or in any other right whatsoever, or any person or persons claiming, or to claim by, from, or under them, any or either of them, now have or had), pr at any time hereafter can or may have, claim, challenge, Of demand, in anywise howsoever; subject nevertheless to, and charged apd chargeable with the said yearly relit of eighteen pounds, hereafter to grow due and payable for ever, to the right honourable William lord Berkeley of Stratton^ his heirs and assigns, put of and for the said piece or parcel of ground, the most part yvhereof is now used for a garden as aforesaid, being part of the premises herein-before mentioned, and which was relfrved and j made payable in and by one indenture of release, bearing date tije second day of Jum, one thousand six hundred andcigfity-tpadc Jpetweeu.she right honourable Christian lady Berkeley

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43. 'icjj

widow, and the right honourable John iord Berkeley of the one part, and Margaret Stafford of the other part.

VII. Provided always, and be it hereby further enade^ and Nothing here-declared by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act in to invaii-contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to date^ainden-extend, to merge, extinguish, invalidate, or impeach a certain

term of one thousand years, of and in the last mentioned piece earlGlarendoa of ground, messuage, and premises, or part thereof, originally and viscount created by one indenture, bearing date the fourth day of Septem- Cornbtny. her9 in the year one thousand six hundred and sixty-seven, made, or mentioned to be made, between the right honourable earl of Clarendon and the right honourable Henry lord viscount Combury, son and heir apparent of the said Edward earl of Clarendon, of the one part, and the right honourable Richard then earl of Burlington and Cork, and Charles then lord Clifford, his then eldest son and.heir-apparent, and Robert Boyle esquire, of the other part; which said term of years was afterwards veiled in Henry Poley esquire, since deceased, his executors, administrators, and assigns, in trust, to attend and wait on the reversion and inhe-.ritance of the said messuage, ground, and premises, and the executors, administrators, and assigns, of the said Henry Poley* are hereby declared to (land and be possessed of, and shall from henceforth Hand and be possessed of and in the said messuage, ground, and premises, for and during the residue and remainder of the said term of one thousand years, now to come and unexpired, in trust for the said lords bishops of Ely* for the time being, their heirs and assigns, tq the end that the said term may be kept on foot, and may attend and wait on the freehold and inheritance of the said premises, for the better defending and protecting the same, from and against all mesne and subsequent incumbrances.

VIII. And* for declaring the trusts as well of the said taft-men- How, and to Homed sum of three thousand pounds, as of the before-mentioned sum what* pur-of six thousand five hundred pounds, part of the consideration-money P°fe*» fbe fere -arise by the file of the said house called Ely House, and file there- ve

ofy <tnd other the.premises thereto belonging, be it further enacted 10 appU

Sy the authority aforesaid, That they the said Edmund lord

bishop of Ely* and Owen Salusbury Brereton* and Thomas Hunt,

and the survivors and survivor of them, and the heirs and assigns

of such survivor, shall and do pay, apply, and dispose of the said

several sums of six thousand five hundred pounds, and three

thousand pounds, and each of them, and every part thereof,

when and as the same shall be respectively received, and as soon

thereafter as conveniently may be, in such manner, and for such

ends, intents*and purposes, as are herein after mentioned; that

is to say, In the first plate, in and for the paying and defraying

the charges and expences attending the obtaining and passing of '

this act, and in making estimates and charge? to workmen and

other expences incurred in settling the dilapidations on the said

house in fiolbourn^ and the premises thereto belonging, and in

fur-

Such part of the annuity of aoo h as shall not be redeemed* shall remain to the bishop of Ely,

108 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43. [1772.

heirs and afEgns of such survivor, and of the bishop of Ely for the time being, shall be a full discharge to the said lords commissioners of the treasury, or such other person or persons who shall pay the same, for whatever sum or sums of money shall be so paid in redemption of the said annuity or yearly sum, or any part thereof; and the said annuity or yearly sum of two hundred pounds from and after such payment, or so much thereof as (ha! be (b redeemed as aforesaid, shall be, and remain from thenceforth extinguished, and for ever discharged j any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

" XL Provided moreover, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such part, share, and property, and so much of the said annuity or yearly sum of two hundred pounds as shall not be so redeemed as aforesaid, and the whok of the same annuity or yearly sum of two hundred pounds, if no part thereof shall be so redeemed, shall be, remain<and enure unto and to the use of the said lord bishop of Ely, and his fuc-ceUors, the bishops of the said fee, as part of the revenues of the said fee, in trust, nevertheless, and for the foie end, intent, and purpose, and to be appropriated and set apart, from time to time, in the fil'd place, to pay and discharge the said yearly relit of eighteen pounds, so payable to the said lord Btrktlty of Stratton, his heirs and assigns, (o lonjf as the same shall continue payable, and the residue thereof to be paid and applied in insuring the said house and offices to be so built as aforesaid in the Sun Firt Office, or other proper publick office, from fire, to the full value of the money to be expended in building the lime, and in keeping the same, from time tq time, so infored, (and which insurance the lords bishops of the said fee are hereby required to make, from time to time, and at all times hereafter), and afterwards in making such repairs, and other works and improvements in and about the said house, offices, and buildings, to be so erected and built as aforesaid, from and after the same shall be fq erected and built, as to the bishops of Ely for the time being shall seem expedient and proper, and subject thereto, to defray and discharge, from time to time, so far u the bxtie will extend for that purpose, all parliamentary and pa*

rochial assessments, impositions, taxes, and other charges whatsoever to be imposed or assessed upon the said house, offices, and buildings, or the occupiers thereof, by authority of parliament, or otherwise, and the surplus thereof, (if any), to and for the use and benefit of the said lord bishop of Ely, and his successors, as part of the revenues of the said bishoprick, without any further account to be rendered for the lame.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall remain any surplus of the before-mentioned sums of six thousand five hundred pounds, and three thousand pounds, or either of them, or of the money to arise by the sale of such materials as MeffrsBrere- aforesaid, or any part thereof respectively, unapplied for the ton and Hunt, purposes before enacted and directed concerning the same, that

Surplus of all sums mentioned, to remain in the hands of

10£

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43;

hen, and In such case, such surplus, and every part thereof, hall remain and continue in the hands of the said Owen Saluf-hiry Breretony and Thomas Hunt, and the survivor of them, and )f the heirs and assigns of such survivor, with liberty to invest the same, from time to time, in parliamentary securities in trust, and to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, herein lad enacted and declared, touching the said annuity or yearly sum of two hundred pounds, or so much thereof as shall not be redeemed as aforesaid, and to and for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever. 4

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, House and oft. That the said house, offices, and buildings, to be so erected fiCe$ to be and built in Dover Street aforesaid, shall, from time to time, erected in Do-and at all times thereafter, be called and distinguished by the name or appellation of Ely House, and shall be, and be deem* House.*ed and taken as and for the episcopal house of the said fee of Efyi within the said city of Westminster, and shall be (tiled and called Ely House in all deeds and writings j and that from thenceforth all rents reserved in and by any Jeafe or other writings heretofore granted or made by any former bishop of Ely % in right of the said fee, which are made payable at the said mansion-house'in Holbourn^ shall be paid at the said house to be so erected and built, and herein-before directed to be called and (tiled Efy House as aforesaid 5 and that it shall and may also from thenceforth be lawful to and for the bishop of Ely for the time being to hear and determine all and all manner'of appeals from, all or.any colleges in the university of Cambridge, of which the said biinop is visitor, or from any member or members thereof, at tho before-mentioned house to be so erected and built, and galled and Ailed Ely House as aforesaid, in the same manner in which he may now hear the same at the said house in Holbourn, and in like manner to cite all and singular the parties concerned in such appeals, to appear thereat, and there to do and perform all such other ad, matter, and thing, relating to the visitorial power, in as full and ample manner as any bishops of Ely have heretofore been used to do and perform the same at the said house in Holbourn.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the mean time, and until such new paid to the house, to be so erected and built as aforesaid, shall be completed bishop at and become inhabited by the bishop of Ely for the time being, Eiy> the said several rents so reserved and made payable as aforesaid,

shall, from and after the passing of this act, be paid at the man* fion-house of the said bishop of Ely, and his successors, situate at Elf in Cambridgeshire, or to his or their receiver-general in London, and the several visitorial powers aforesaid; and all matters and things incident or relating thereto shall likewise, in the mean-time, be exercised, done, and performed, at the dwelling-house of the bishop of Ely for the time being, the same being Within the cities or London or Westminster, or at any other place

within

tio

Mefirs Brere-ton and Hunt not to be accountable for money received by virtue of the trust* in them repo fed.

AD right and property of the premises reserved to his Majesty, See,

JPubHck aft.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43.' [1772.

within the said clues, or one of them, which such bishop shall, from time to time, appoint.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Owen Salusbury Brereton and Thomm Hunt shall not, nor shall either of them, or the heirs, executors, or administrators, of either of them, be answerable or accountable for any money to be received by virtue of the trust* hereby in them seposed, or any otherwise than each perfbrt for such sum or Runs of money as he shall respectively actually receive, and that no one of them shall be answerable or accountable for the acts, neglects, or defauks of the others, or bfeher of them; and also that the said' several trustees, their respective heirs, executors, and administrators, shall and may, by and out of the trust-monies to be by them received as aforesaid, retain to and reim-borie themselves all eofts, charges, damages, and expences, which they shall be respectively put onto in and about the execution of the trusts hereby in them respectively reposed.

XVI. Saving always to the King's most excellent majesty,

his heirs and successors, and to all and every other person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and foeceflors, (other than and except the hid Edmund lord bishop of Ely, and his successors, the lords bishops of Elf far the time being, and all persons claiming, or to claim by, (irom, or under, or in right of the epifeopal fee of Ely; and other than and except the hid Loty Chetwyndand EfiberChetwynd, and all and every persons or

person claiming, or to claim by, from, or tinder them, any or either of them, or by, from, ot under the said WilEam^ late lord viscount Chttwynd, detea fed,) all such estatevright, title, interest, benefit, property, possession, claim', and demand whatsoever, either at law or in equity, of, in, to, or out of the said several jhouses and buildings thereto respectively belonging, and other the pretnifes herein-before respectively mentioned, or any part thereof, 'as they, every, or any of them, bad before the passing of this act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this act, had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be allowed in all courts whatever as a publick act; and ail judges, justices, and other persons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

C.AP,

772»3 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 43. 109

ien, and in such case, such surplus, and every part thereof, hall remain and continue in the hands of the said ury Brereton, and Thomas Hunt, and the survivor of them, and of the heirs and a (Tigris of such survivor, with liberty to inveil he same, from time to time, in parliamentary securities in trull, and to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, herein lad enabled and declared, touching the said annuity or yearly sum of two hundred pounds, or so much thereof as shall not be redeemed as aforesaid, and to and for no other uie, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, House and ofl.

That the said house, offices, and buildings, to b» so erected ficestobe and built in Dover Street aforesaid, shall, from time to time, erected in Do-and at all times thereafter, be called and distinguished by the y*r J° name or appellation of Ely House, and shall be, and be deem- House.*

ed and taken as and for the epilcopal house of the said fee of

within the said city of Westminster, and shall be Ailed and called Ely House in all deeds and writings; and that from thenceforth all rents reserved in and by any lease or.other writings heretofore granted or made by any former bifhdp of Ely, in right of the said fee, which are made payable at the said mansion-house'in Holbourn, shall be paid at the said house to be so erected and built, and bereinrbefore directed to be called and Ailed Ely House as aforesaid; and that it Ihajl and may also from thenceforth be lawful to and for the bishop of Ely for the time being to hear and determine all and all manner'of appeals from- all or any colleges in the university of Cambridge, of which the said bilnop is visitor, or from any member or members thereof, at tho before-mentioned house to be so ended and built, and galled and Ailed Ely House as aforesaid, in the same manner in which he may now hear the same at the said house in Holbourn, and in like manner to cite all and singular the parties concerned in such appeals to appear thereat, and there to do and perform all such other ad, matter, and thing, relating to the visitorial power, in as full and ample manner as any bishops of Ely have heretofore been used to do and perform the lame at the said house in Holbourn.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- j*"

thority aforesaid, That in the meantime, and until such new paid to the* house, to be so erected and built as aforesaid, shall be completed bishop at and become inhabited by the bishop of Ely for the time being, Ely, &c. the said several rents so reserved and made payable as aforesaid,

shall, from and after the passing of this act, be paid at the roan-fion-house of the said bishop of Ely, and his successors, situate at Ely in Cambridgeshire, or to his or their receiver-general in

London, and the several visitorial powers aforesaid; and all matters and things incident or relating thereto shall likewise, in the mean-time, be exercised, done, and performed, at the dwelling-house of the bishop of Ely for the time being, the same being within the cities 01 London or Westminster, or at any other place

within

112

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 44. [1772.

Jtf/i Edward Wortley died soon after making his fetid will, the said James Archibald Stuart, his grandson9 (who ts the second fen of the said Mary tVordey, countess $/*Bute, the said testator\s daughter) did thereupon, by virtue of the said testator1 s willy become Jeifei of or intitled to> the feud fee farm relit of one hundred and thirteen pounds, granted by the crown to the said Edward, late earl ^Sandwich, and vested in the said Edward Wortley, the testator y as aforesaid, to him the said Tames Archibald Stuart, and the heirs of Us body9 or, to the trust thereof: and whereas the said Godfrey Wentworth, one of the trustees and devisees named in the said will of the said Edward Wortley, being unwilling to alt in the trufis repofedin him by the said testator*s willy did duly release or convey to the said earl Gower and fir Mathew Lamb, the other trustees named in the said willy and to their beirsy all fitch eftatty right, title* and interefiy as were vested in him under the said willy upon the several trufis mentioned in the said willy concerning the several and respective eftaus thereby devisedj and the said fir Mathew Lamb diedfome time of-terwardsy and upon his death the said earl Gower became the only surviving trustee % touching the several real estates of the said testatery devised by his said will; and be being dejirous to be released from the several trufis thereby declared and created, and devolved on bimy he didy pwrfuant to a decree of the high court of chancery % bearing date the sixth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine made in a causey wherein the said Mary Wortley, countess of Bute, and the said James Archibald Stuart, were complainantsy and the fad Granville Leveson earl Gower, and others, were defendants, releaft end convey to and to the use of the mofi noble Evelyn duke of Kingston, and Edward Woodcock of Lincoln's Inn, in the county of Middlesex, esquire, their heirs and assigns, the several real estates of the said testator Edward Wortley, devised by his said will upon the trufis therein mentioned, and then vested in him the said earl Gower: and whereas the said James Archibald Stuart being deftrous of barring and-docking all estates-tail of and in the said yearly fee-farm relit of one hundred and thirteen pounds, created and limited by the fail will of the said Edward Wortley, his-late grandfather, and all re verftons and remainders expectant or depending thereof an indenture quadrupartite of bargain and fatty inrolled in the said high court of Chancery, bearing date the fifth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy two, was duly made and executed by and between the said Evelyn duke of K. ingfton, Edward Woodcock, and James Archibald Stuart, of the firfipart\ Thomas Barnard ^Lincoln's Inn aforesaid, gentleman^ of the second part; Richard Thurston tf Lincoln's Inn aforesaid, gentleman of the third part j and El-borough Woodcock of Lincoln's Inn aforesaid, gentlemany of the fourth part j for the purpose of making a tenant of the free- holdy and suffering a commmon recovery of the said annual or fee-farm relit cf qjne hundred and thirteen pounds; and it was thereby declared* that the said ctfmmop recovery Should be and enure to the only use and behoof of the said James Archibald Stuart, his heirs and assigns, for ever: and whereas the said common recovery was accordingly soon afterwards duly fujfer.eiy but as the said reversun or remainder in fee of and in

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 44. 113

the said annual or fee-farm relit of one hundred and thirteen pounds j vejled in the crown, and will take place and effect in case of failure it any time of issue-male of the body of the said Edward late earl of Sandwich, and as such reversion in his Majesty cannot be barred or Ujlroyed, or divested out of the crown without the aid and authority \f parliament; therefore, until such ail can be had and passedy the said fames Archibald Stuart cannot effectually settle, or give or devise 'besaid annual or fee-farm relit of one hundred and thirteen pounds, to vhich he is so intitle a \ nor can he sell or dispose of the said fee farm tnt without great loss and disadvantage to himself and family: In or-Ur therefore that the said James Archibald Stuart may be able to ill or dispose of the said fee farm relit of one hundred and thirteen imdsy in such manner as he may think proper, he hath made his hum-Me suit to your Majesty, that your Majesty would be graciously pleased '0 live leave that a bill may be brought into parliament to enable your Majesty, your heirs and successorss to grant the reversion or remainder in jee-fimphy so vejled in your Majesty, of and in toe said annual or fee-farm relit of one hundred and thirteen pounds, unto and to the ft of him tha said James Archibald Stuart, his heirs and assigns % for every upon a full and adequate confederation to be paid by him or them for the same \ and your Majesty hath been graciously pleased to (ignifjyour consent thereto: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, at the humble petition of the said James Archie kid Stuarty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's mqft ex- His Majesty#

cellent majesty, his heirs and successora, at any time or times ^1*letters pa-

hereafter, by any letters patent, or indenture or indentures, un- teyntf to grant

der the great seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give unto James

and grant unto jhc said James Archibald Stuart, and his heirs, Aichibaid,

upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid by the said

James Archibald Stuarty or his heirs, for the same, to be valued

and ascertained by the proper offreers of the crown for the time relit of 113U

being, the said annual or fee-farm relit of one hundred and thirteen pounds, granted, (among others,) by his said late majesty King Charles the Second to the said Edward, late earl

of Sandwicby in tail-male, and issuing and payable out of the said

parks, now or late called Beivbufb and Shelley as aforesaid, or out

of the lands or grounds of which the said parks do now coniift,

in the said county of Suflexy and the reverGon and reyerfions,

remainder and remainders, of and in the said annual or fee-farm relit, and all the estate, right, title, interest, inheritance, and property of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of, in, to, or out of the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Indentures by such grant of the said annual or fee-farm relit to the said James Archibald Stuarty and his heirs, as shall be made by his Majesty, {JJJ* m his heirs or successors, by any such letters patent, or indenture or indentures as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall be, and Vo 1. XXX. I is

Ii4

Saving to all persons all rights out of the fee-farm relit.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 45.' f 1772.

iff hereby enabled to be good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the tenor, purport, intent, and meaning of such grant, letters patent, or indenture or indentures, notwithstanding any restriction, or matter or thing contained in an act of parliament made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the better support of her Majes tfs household, and of the honour and dignity of her crown, or any other law, custotn, usage, or Statute, or any misrecital, nonrecital, omission, or other defect, in the said grant, letters patent, or indenture or indentures, hereafter to be made, in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Saving to all and every person and persons whomsoever, their heirs, executors, and administrators, and all bodies politick and corporate, and their successors, (other than and except the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors) all such estate, right, title, and interest, of, in, to, or out of the said annual or fee-farm relit of one hundred and thirteen pounds before mentioned, or any part thereof, as they or any of them have or hath, or might have had, if this act bad not been made.

CAP. XLV.

An act for the better regulation of carters, carriages, and loaded horses; and for removing obstruSions and naifances upon the streets and highways within that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many accidents happen, and great mischief is frequently done upon the streets and highways within that part of Great Britain coiled Scotland, by the negligence or wilful mif behaviour of persons driving carriages: and whereas the law, as it now standsy is inefficient for correiling the ft abuses, % or punishing the persons guilty of them; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moist excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament After Sept i, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and77*. no per- after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ion shall drive seventy-two, no person or persons whatsoever shall drive any

any cart. car. y»r»i»,

cart, car, with or without ledges, or any waggon, fledge, or dray, of any kind whatsoever, upon the high roads or streets within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless tire mailer or owner of such cart, car, with or without ledges, or such waggon. Hedge, or dray, shall place upon some conspicuous part be placed on a of such cart, car, with or without ledges, waggon, fledge, or conspicuous dray, the name or names of the real owner or owners of any part ol such such carriage, and the place of resideace of the real owner or owners of any such carriage, or of the house or farm whejre the owner or owners generally employ such carriage, in different and atfoflie colours from the body of such carriage; and also the numbers (beginning number one and so upwards) where more carts, cars,

any cart, car, or waggon, without the name of the owner, and his place of refidtnee, to

number of such carriage,

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 45. 1*5

cars, or other carriages than one belong to the same person, in order that the driver may the more ealily be convicted of any dif-order or misbehaviour committed by him or her.

II. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Offenders drt-any person shall drive any of the before-mentioned carriages

upon any of the said high roads or streets, not having the name such names or names of the owner or owners, and the place of their refi- ami numbers, dence, or of the house or farm where the owner or owners to forfeit not generally employ such carriage, and where more carriages than one belong to the same person, the number placed upon some for evciy conspictious part of the same > every such person, offending in offence, any of the cases aforesaid, or the owner or owners of such carriage respectively, shall forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty shillings sterling, and not less than five shillings'sterling, for each offence committed by him, her, or them., " NamM*

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ' riagkg to^That every time the property of any of the above carriages shall altered with be altered, the succeeding owner or owners thereof shall, from the property, time to time, within fourteen days next after he, she, or they^Cw!rh^ shall become owner or owners thereof and shall have used the same, cause the name or names and residence of the former ter they be-owner or owners, and number thereof, to be taken off from come owners every such carriage before mentioned, and the name or names and place of residence of the succeeding and real owner or owners, and number thereof, where more carriages than one belong to the same person, to be placed in manner aforesaid,

upon some conspicuous part of such carriage or carriages 5 and °o*PCand not every person or persons Who shall omit to do the same shall for- )tfa than 5*. feit a sum not exceeding twenty shillings sterling* and not less for every of-than five shillings sterling, for each offence. fence.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if p!ac-

any person or persons shall place a false name or place of refi- on c^ri dence upon any such carriage belonging to him, her, or them, rjagfS to fjr/ tho person or persons so offending shall forfeit, for every such felt 40 s. offence, a sum not exceeding forty shillings sterling.

V. And, in order that the inconveniences arising from the negligence

of chaise drivers, carters, draymen, fledgemtn, carmen, and waggoners, Chaise driver and drivers of any other carriage whatsoever, may be the more eafry found fitting prevented; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That froniin. chaise; ani after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and Teventy-two, if any chaise driver within that part of0m: otthe Great Britain called Scotland shall be found fitting in his chaise hodes j without another person on one of the horses driving the same j or C2rtet or if any caster, drayman, carman, (ledgeman, or waggoner, or nd, ngon the driver of any other carriage whatsoever, (coaches, chaises, his carriage phaetons, curricles, chairs, and such other carriages, which are without a pro-usually driven by a person fitting within or upon the carriage, and such carriages as are respectively drawn by one horse only* \t i or by two horses abreast, and are conduced by some person holding the reins of such horse or horses excepted, } shall ride upon any such carriage, (not having some other person on loot

12 or

115 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 45. f 1772.

or on horseback to guide the same*) on any street of any city or within 6 milestown* or on any highway Wllhin fix miles of the ciry of Edin-of Edinburgh, burgh^ or four miles of the city of Glasgow, or two miles of any of Glasgow, other dity, royal burgh, market town, or burgh of regality, or or a of any o- barony; or if the driver of any carnage whatsoever on any part w?f a^'dril any ^rect or highway shall, by negligence, or wilful milbe-ver fhaifncglV haviour, cause any hurt or damage to any person or carriage, gentlyoccasion passing or being upon such street or highway, or shall, by negli-any hurt or gence, or wilful misbehvaiour, pretent, hinder, or interrupt the ^revenuhe ^ree Pa^aBc of any other carriage, or of his Majesty's subjects pS&ge if any on lhc said highways; or if the driver of any cart, car, dray, or other car- 7 waggon, on any highway whatsoever, when riding on his carriage*riage, shall not distnount (so as the better to guide his horse or

or shall not horses and darriage) when required by any person apprehending when ^required danger from such carriage; every such driver offending in any by any person of the cases aforesaid shall, for every such offence, forfeit any apprehending sum not exceeding ten shillings sterling, in case such driver shaft.not be the owner of such carriage; and in case the offender be any of thesaidowner carriage, then any sum not exceeding twenty

cases, shall shillings sterling.

forfeit 10s. if not the owners j and, if the owner, ios. for each offence.

No drivers of

VI. And whereas several inconveniences do arise, and many acts-carts, &c. to fonts have happened by carts, carsy and other carriages above mention-drive alorg-^being drawn abreafi or alongside one another, so as the passage of carriages, so l^e ftr*ts and highways in that part of Great Britain called Seot-as to obstruct land is entirely obstructedy and also by the drivers of such carriages the free paf- not having bridles or halters upon their horses; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no driver or drivers of carts, cars, or other carriages above mentioned, shall drive their carriage or carriages abreast or alongside of any other carriage or carriages, so as wilfully to obstruct but shall fol- the free passage of such streets and highways respectively, but low one after shall follow one after another upon the same, and shall have have britUes bridles or halters upon every horse in any of the above carriages, r halters which bridles or halters upon the foremost horse, shall (in all upon every carriages not drawn by more than two horses) be tied with a horse, which rope, or some other thing of sufficient strength, to the halter or ftail^bave in bridlebe horse behind, and which rope or bridle the driver

his hand, See. of every such carriage shall have in his or her hand; and every on penalty of person offending in the premises shall forfeit a sum not exceedingos. nor Ufa twenty illings sterling, nor less than five shillings sterling, for than 5 s. each offence.

VII. And whereas the free passage of his Majestfs subjects is often obstrufledy and their persons put in danger, from the present irregular and disorderly method of driving horses with or without loadsy and by leaving carts, waggons, fledges, coaches, chaises, and other carriages, after the horses have been unyoked and taken from the same \ and also Hone, lime, timber, rubbish, and the bodies of dead horses, and other animals, and other articles which do obstruct such fra passage as aforesaid j upon the streets and highways, within that part of Great Britain n called

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 45^ x 17

called Scotland; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore-fa id. That from and after the said first day of September, one No driver* to thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no drivers of horses drive their or other beasts of burthen with or without loads, shall drive ^c' their horses or other beasts of burthen abreast, so as wilfully to toobftruathe obstruct the free passage of his Majesty's subjects, or to put their free passage, persons in danger, but shall, as much as may be, drive them in bat shall drive a line one after another in a regular manner, having a bridle or them in a halter affixed to the head of each horse or bead of burthen 5 and l*n*i one after that the driver or owner of any cart, waggon, fledge, coach, a^ridle'affix-chaise, or other carriage, shall not be permitted to leave the ed to the same upon any street or highway within that pan of Great head of each Britain called Scotland, after the horse or horses have been un- horse, See. yoked and taken from such cart, waggon, fledge, or other car- ^rivert of*riage respectively, except only with respect to such carriage, cart8| during such reasonable time as the same shall be loading or un- leave such uploacting; nor shall it be allowable to any person or persons to°nany ft*J» leave stones, lime, timber, rubbish, the bodies of dead horses, or of other animals, or other nuisances, upon the streets and |0ading and highways aforesaid, so as to obstruct the free passage of the unloacting, same 5 and that every person offending in the premises shall nor foafl any forfeit a turn not exceeding twenty shillings sterling, and not less than five shillings sterling, for each offence. Up£n

streets, &c. on penalty of so a. nor left than 5*.

VIII. And whereat many disputes frequently happen between the Drivers of

driven of loaded horses and other beasts of burthen, and the drivers loaded horses, of carts, and such other carriages, and between the drivers of eoaches, cam*

chariot j, chatfes, and such like carriages, travelling upon any street or coaChes, and highway within the limits aforesaid, about giving the way to9 ^carriages, making way for one another; be it enacted by the authority afore- shall on meet-said. That the driver of every such loaded horse, horses, or jj££^ercar other beasts of burthen, and the driver of every cart, car, or rUges, Xive" such like carriage, and every coach, chariot, chaise, and such to the left like carriage, shall be obliged, upon meeting another loaded hand or near horse, or other beast of burthen, or another carriage, of what-

ever kind, to make way, by holding or driving to his pwn left

hand, or what is commonly called Holding to the near Sidey and

that without distinction, whether the carriages so meeting one

another are loaded or unloaded; and that every person offend- Penalty nqt

ing in the premises shall forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty exceeding tos.

shillings sterling, and not less than five shillings sterling, for nor lc*than

every such offence.'£rofecutions

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, against of-That prosecutions against offenders, in respect of the several acts fenders to be and negledis which are made punishable by this act, may be brought be-brought summarily before the sheriff-depute or substitute, or ri^depu^ror any justice of the peace of the county within which the offence substitute, &c. shall be committed, or before any of the magistrates of cities or of the county boroughs where the offences have been committed within their or pl^e where jyrifdiction, or before any other judge competent; and that judgement shall proceed aiul be given against the offender or and judge-

1 3 often- ment to pro-

ceed on con-

authority of the act

and carried before any justice or judge competent.

Beribns who shall fee offences committed, may, by authority

118 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1772.

session, or by offenders, either upon his or their own confession, or upon the credible wit- oath or oaths of one or more credible witnesses. binders to X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be apprehend- in all and every of the neglects and offences punishable by this ed foi offences present act, it shall be lawful for any person or persons aggrieved, commitud^by ancj intending to sue for the recovery of the penalties auttiorised*by this act, upon the authority of the same, and without any other warrant, to apprehend the offender or offenders, and either to carry him, her, or them, or cause him, her, or them to be carried, by the aiffffance of any peace officer or other person or persons, before any justice of the peace, or other judge competent, within the bounds where the offences shall be committed; which judge is hereby impowered and required, upon convictioa of the offender or offenders, by his or their cfan confession, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnesses, to deal with him, her, or them, in manner as herein before directed 5 and any person or persons, who shall fee any of the offences before recited committed, shall and may, by the authority of this act, without any other warrant, seize and detain the horses, carts, hereof, detain cars, fledges, waggons, drays, coaches, chariots, landaus, and horses, carts, other such like machines and carriages, and the horses belong-unV is^ro- to l^e ^ever^ offenders, till such time as sentence shall be mnmeed^0" pronounced by the competent judge concerning the offence: ^nd in case the and in case the penalties adjudged by him in consequence of penalties ad- this act shall not be paid, or security found for the same, within twenty-four hours after conviction and sentence, then the judge, before whom the offender shall be convicted, is hereby aurbo-rifed and required to issue his warrant, directed to a constable or other peace-officer within his jurisdiction, to cause sale to be made of the subject or subjects detained, in case the same happens to be the property of the offender or offenders, for raising the money forfeited by him or them, rendering to such offender or offenders the overplus, after deducting the charges of sale, and the expence of keeping the subject detained, both 1'which shall be determined by the judge before whom the of-

Offenders may fender or offenders are convicted; and in case the fybjedt or pe commit- subjects aforesaid do not happen to be the property of such of-tU1 rati*' fender or offenders, that then the same shall be returned to the rltybe found lawful owner or owners thereof, and it shall be lawful for the ff'< judge aforesaid, and he is hereby required, in case the fine shall not be instantly paid upon conviction, or satisfadiory security given for the same, to commit the offender or offenders to gaol, there to remain until such time as the fine shall be paid, or satisfadiory security found for the same, or until the -expiration of two months after such commitment, panders pu- '

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, reliable by the That if any person or persons, charged with being guilty of any for mal- of t^c offences made punishable by this act, shall, upon the pcTron^hat- feteure of, or an attempt to seize, under the authority of this ever, 'to forfeit act, his or their persons or property, or the property of others,

*os. fjr every under their care as aforesaid, resist, abuse, or maltreat any per-

offence.

judged (half not be paid, the judge to cauie fate to be made of the subjects detained.

x 772-3 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 45. 119

son or persons whatsoever; or if any person shall aid or assist liim, her, or them, in so doing, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit the Aim of twenty shillings sterling for every such last mentioned offence; the offence to be' proved, and judgement to proceed thereupon, in the same way and manner as herein-before provided for in the case of the other before-mentioned offences against this act.

XII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That PeHons ap-

if any person or persons, who shall be apprehended for having prebended for committed any offence against this act, shall refuse to discover re-

his or her name and place of abode to any judge competent bfc- their*fore whom he or she shall be brought; such person or persons, names to the so refuting, shall be committed by the judge to any gaol of the judge, to be county, there to remain until such time as he, she, or they, committed, shall discover his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode.

XIII. And be it likewise enabled by the authority aforesaid. Forfeiture# That the fines and forfeitures arising from the offences made aJ'|l'ng, by the punishable by this act shall be applied, the one half to the in- pif^one half former or prosecutor, and the other half to the collector of the to the infor-land-tax of the county within which the offence shall have been mer, and the committed, and by him to be accounted for as part of the funds °*her to the established by law for the detedion and punishment of vagrants the land-tax. within that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XIV. Provided always, That no prosecution under this pre- No profccu-sent ad shall lie against any person or persons whatsoever, un- tien to lie, un-Jess the same shall be brought within three months of the time Kr* ^rolj8ht at which the offence or offences charged, was or were actually months after committed: and that in all cases an appealshall lie against every the offence sentence or judgement of one or more justices of the peace, made was commit-under and by virtue of the powers given by this act, to the next quarter-sessions of the peace for the county within which the tien'of the* offence was committed, whose determination shall be final; and quamr-ftf-that the said appeal shall be competent to every person and per- (Sons to be fons having, an interest, and apprehending him, her, or them- bna^ selves to be aggrieved by such sentence and judgement.

XV. Declaring always, That nothing herein contained shall Nothing here-

extend, or be construed to extend, to limit, lessen, or take away, }n, .°M£en any of the jurisdictions, powers, and authorities, rights, privi-^royal*" leges, and immunities, of any of the cities and royal boroughs boroughs, within that part of the united kingdom called, or of the magistrates and town council of the same, as contained in acts of parliament, or charters and other grants from his Majesty and his royal predecessors; nor shall this present act be any way derogatory to, or in any respect whatsoever be understood to encroach, repeal, or take away the said jurisdictions, rights, or immunities j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

*4

120 v

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 46. [x 772.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excise with respect to tea, /cap. low wines, and spirits.

Preamble* WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made and passed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George IIe Act xq Geo. J. First, intituled An act for repealing certain duties therein mentioned, payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate, and cocoa paste, imported, and for granting certain inland duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the importation of chocolate ready made, and cocoa paste; and for better ascertaining the duties payable upon coffee, tea, and cocoa nuts, imported; and for granting relief to Robert Dalzeli late earl of Carnwath\ it ms enacted, That no tfa exceeding the quantity affix pounds weight fl>7uli be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom by land or watr*, / without fiuch permit, or certificate, as is therein expressed and requir-

ed: And by the said act it was further enacted, That every feller of and dealer in tea Should, each night, enter into a book, kept for that purpose, an account of the gross quantity of tea, which he Should retail or consume in each day in f mall quantities, under the weight of six pounds, and in one other book Should enter, every night, every parcel of tea above the weight offix pounds which he Should fell in each day: And whereas by the said reeited aft, no provision is made for distinguishing in such permits or certificates, or in such entries, the quality or colour of the tea so permitted or certificated, or so entered, in the said books, whereby great frauds and abuses have been committed, contrary to thf true intent and meaning of the several acts of parliament relative to the duties on tea, and to the manifest prejudice of the fair trader in the said commodity; for remedy whereof, and for the greater and more effectual discouragement of the illegal and pernicious praftke 1 of unlawfully importing and clandestinely running of tea, be it enact-

ed by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the After June4., same. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one772, all deal* thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, all dealers in and fellers era in tea of tea, who shall then have, or from thenceforth receive into their each Snifter cu ^y ally b°hca* Congo, fouchong, or pekoe tea, shall, and &c. with the* are hereby obliged and directed, from time to time, to mark each Words Black and every canister, bag, jar, tub, box, cask, or other package, or Grten. ac- \n which they shall keep any bohea, Congo, fouchong, or pekoe cording^the tea^ wjtk tjje word Black, and also to mark each and every ft?d!Ccaniiter, canister, bqg, jar, tub, box, calk, or other package, in which fee, they shall keep any other kind of tea, not being bohea, Congo,

fouchong, or pekoe tea, wit!) the word Green, the said words Black and Green to be respectively marked on the most conspi-/ cuous part of such canister, bag, jar, tub, box, cask, and other

package.

f II. fnd, for avoiding all doubts and qontroyerfies concerning tbf

m

1772.I Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 46. lit

'wo kinds of teas in this off mentioned, and distinguished by the names f Black Tea and Green Tea, it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by the term or name Black Tea, fm^Green is meant all such teas as are usually called or known by the Tea, how to name of bohea, Congo, fouchong, or pekoe tea; and that by the be distin-term or name Green Tea, is meant all teas not being such bohea, £uiflicd* Congo, fouchong, or pekoe tea.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, officers of ex-That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou* cife finding an find seven hundred and seventy-two, the officer and officers of increase ot excise who shall, from time to time, survey and take the flock cufodyof

of tea, at the ware-houses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, dealers, to vaults, and other places made use of for keeping tea by dealers seize such in-in and fellers of tea, shall keep a separate and distinct account of unless the black tea, and of the green tea, which shall at any time be produce6 in their or any of their custody; and if such officer of excise (haN certificate of find any increase either of green tea or of black tea, in the custo* the payment dy of any such dealer or feller, over and above the quantity of of digues, each respective fort which such officer found in such dealer or feller's custody at the time of such officer's last preceding survey upon such dealer or feller, such increase shall be deemed and taken to be made by tea for which no duties were paid, and which had been privately brought in by such dealer or feller without permit or certificate, and so much of the green tea or black tea respectively as shall be found so increased shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seised and carried away by such officer of excise who shall so find the same, unless the owner thereof shall make it appear that the said increase was made by such green tea or black tea respectively brought in with an authentick permit or certificate of the payment of the duties thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sellers of tea from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, all dealers in and fellers of tea 6 weight, to who shall fell or consume the same in small quantities, under the keep distina weight of six pounds, shall and are hereby obliged and directed accounts of to keep separate and distina accounts of all the black t$a, and of all the green tea, which they or any of them shall so respect cacJ fort* lively fell or consume in small quantities in each day, and shall, every night, enter into a book, to be kept for that purpose, an account of the gross quantities of the black tea, and also of the green tea, which have been by him, her, or them respectively so retailed or consumed in that day in small quantities under the said weight of six pounds; and me said dealers in and fellers of tea shall also keep one other book, wherein they shall make separate and distinct entries of all the black tea, and all the green tea, above the weight of six pounds, which they shall respectively fell in each day; which said books shall be provided, and the Such entn-ef entries so to be made in the said books, shall be under the same to be under directions, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are the directions provided and enacted by the said above-recited adfc of the tenth P^vlc, cd by of his late majesty King George the First. act 10 Gco' U

\ V. And

No tea, exceeding 61b. weight, to be removed out of the kingdom without a permits

ex prtiling the quantity and quality of such tea, &c.

upon pain of forfeiture of such tea.

Vo tea to be

sold by whole* sale or retail, but out of the warehousea and (hops approved of by act 10 Geo. X.

Clause in aft 5 Geo. III.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1772.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no tea, exceeding the quantity of six pounds weight, shall be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom by land or by water without a permit or certificate, signed by one or more of the officers for the inland duties on tea, signifying and certifying the names and places of abode of the buyer and feller, and expressing the quantity and quality of the tea* that is to say, if the tea so to be removed or carried is bohea, oongo, fouchong, or pekoe tea, then to express in the permit or certificate that the same is black tea; and if the tea so to be removed and carried is neither bohea, Congo, foueboag, or pekoe tea, then to express in the permit or certificate that the same is Grass tea, and also certifying that the inland duties chargeable upon tea have been duly paid and satisfied, upon pan of forfeiting the tea which is lo found removing or carrying from one place to another without such permit or certificate, expressing the quality as abovesaid, together with the package in which the same shall be contained, which permit or certificate shall be left with the officer of the division to which the same shall be carried, to prevent the seizure thereof, in which permit or certificate the officer who grants the same shall express and limit the time for which the lame shall continue in force.

VI. And whereas by the said ratted act it is enacted, That mta Should be said* uttered* or exposed to sale* but when the same Jim tt in some warehouse or plate entered for keeping the same* upon pm if forfeiting all pub tea so fold* uttered* or exposed to sale* and treble tk value thereof* together with the package containing the same: Ad whereas the penalty by the said act provided has by experience tan found ineffectual, find ill-ditposed per fens have thereby been indued u carry tea which hath been clandestinely imported into this kingdom* [m house to house* in small parcels* in diminution of the revenue* and to trt great discouragement of the fair dealer in tea: for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day or June* one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any tea, shall be sold, uttered, or exposed to fele, either by wholesale or retail, but when the same shall be in some or one of the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, shops, cellars, vaults, or other places, entered and approved as by the said act is directed, the person or persons so uttering, felling, or exposing to fele such tea, in any other place or places than those entered and approved as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds, together with all the tea-which shall be so fold, uttered, or exposed to sale.

VII. And whereas by a clause in an act of parliament* pajjid in th fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty* intituled An act for the better securing and further improving of the revenues customs, excise, inland and felt duties, it was enaC?ed*Teat ml ers of hard soap Should provide covers to their coppers* pan: endues* fils, wherewith they Should boil or moke bard soap; which uppers* fans, and utensils, and also the pipe or pipes that conveyed the wjk?

1772.] Anno 1 duodecimo Georgii III. c. 46; 12j

ait Ues from futh coppery pan, ar utensily the officers of excise were

0 lock and fed down in manner as in and by the said act was parti-

ularly required and directed; and by the said clause in the said act it

was enacted, That if by any arty device, or contrivance whatsoever,

\ny such makeuaf hard soapy Should open any coppery pan, or utensily

tr any pipe or pipes» after the same Should have been looked down and

securedy and before the same bad been unlocked and opened by the officer

f excifiy or Should wilfully break or damage any such loci, fral9 or

fqftningy that every such maker of bard soap so offending Jbouldy for

ruery such offence, forfeit and Ufa the sum of twenty pounds: And whereas the said penalty of twenty pounds by the said act provided

hat by by txperience % been found ineffectualy and not sufficient to prevent

and refrain makers of bard soap from opening their coppers, pans,

utenJiUy and pipes9in regard the duties of one boiling of soap may,

and ofttn do, amount to much more than the sum of twenty pounds,

whereby ill-disposed persons have been encouraged and induced to open

their copperst pansy uttnfilsy and pipes, to the great diminution of the

revenue arising by the duties laid upon soapy and to tie prejudice of the

fair tradersy who duly pay the full duties for all soap by them made:

for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June9 Makers of

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, any rofiker of hard soap

hard soap shall, by any art, device, or contrivance whatsoever, opcaing any

open, or cause to be opened, any copper, pan, or utensil, or any afte^being

pipe or pipes, that convey the wade or salt lees from such cop- fealedby the

per, pan, or utensil, after the same shall have been securely lock- officer of ex*

ed and feaied down by the officer of excise, and before the same clfci

shall have been unlocked and opened by the officer of excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such lock or seal, or other or fa lining, every such maker or makers of hard soap, so offending Schfeait^ail in any of the said cases, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and forfeit tool, lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

VIII. And whereas by An act of parliament, passed in the thirty- Aft33 Geo. il. third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second* intituled An act for preventing the excessive use of (pirKpeut

liquors, by laying additional duties thereon; for shortening the prohibition of making low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, and (root meal, flour, and bran; for encouraging the exportation Of British-mnde spirits; and for mom effectually securing the duties payable upon spirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof, it was enabled and declared, That persons making or keeping any wath, cyder, or other materials fit for distillation, and having in their poflfession or occupation any dill or dills, containing separately or together ten gallons or upwards, Should be deemed and taken to be common distillers for sale, ami Should be liable to the rates and duties of excise, and be subject to the survey of the officer of excite, and to the several penalties and forfeitures, impeded by any act of parliament then in force, in any wise relating to distil*.

Jcr8-.

IX. And whereas doubts have ariftn whether by the word dill, m

the

be deemed common di, (tillers.

Offenders pro feciired for pe<

coted again for the same offences by any farther aft.

124. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1772.

the said elause mentioned, the body of the Jlill exclufwt of the bead cf suchfill, is not to be understood; now to obviate all such doubts, Cubic con- be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every

a (till, the cubic contents of which, when the head is on, will a-

lons, orup-mount to ten gallons or upwards, is a ftiil containing ten galions, wards. F or upwards, within the true meaning of the last recited act; and Persons using all and every person or persons, having or keeping any wash, q-such foils, to der, or other materials fit for distillarion, and having in his, her, or their possession or occupation, any such last mentioned ftiil or (tills, containing separately or together ten gallons or upwards, proof being thereof made as by the la(t recited act is directed, shall be deemed and taken to be a common distiller for sale, and shall be liable to the several rates, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, m and by the last recited act mentioned or referred unto,

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-nakies* by this rity aforesaid, That such offender, who shall be prosecuted for aft given, not 'any of the penalties by this act given, frail not be prosecuted to be prose- again for the same offence by any former act; and that such

offender, who shall be prosecuted for the penalty given by any former act, shall not be prosecuted again, for the same offence by virtue of this present act, or any thing herein contained.

XI. And whereas great frauds are committed by com diJliUm Corn distilfers charging their fills, in the absence of the officers of excise, »; i fovr wines to°^ worts or wifi* of which no account has been taken by the said officer^ provide and an&he provisions hitherto made have been found ineffectual to refran affix sufficient such praflifes; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by theautho-fastnings to rity aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day ot

June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, every corn distiller, or maker of low wines or spirits from corn or grain, shall, at his, her, or their own expence, find, provide, and affix sufficient fastnings (to be approved of, in writing, by and under the hands of the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or district in which every such respective distiller or maker of low wines or spirits from corn shall reside) to the heads of eafh and every low wine ftiil, and wash ftiil, wash pumps, and charging cocks, through which worts or wash are conveyed into such wash ftiil or wash (tills belonging to, or used by, any such distiller or maker as aforesaid; which said (till, heads, and Charging cocks, and wash pumps, shall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to be securely locked and fealedby the officer of excise who surveys such distiller and maker as aforesaid, in manner as is herein after directed; and such locks and Locks and keys, as shall be necessary for securing the said ftiil heads, and

key* to be charging cocks and waih pumps, shall be provided by the re-

FuTveyoreor flp^ve surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or di-supervisors of strict in which such respective distiller or maker of low wines or excise. spirits shall reside, at the expence of such distiller or maker; and whenever any such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits from corn, shall be desirous of charging his (till or (tills, or of using the charge cock or wash pump so locked and sealed, and shall have given notice as herein after is directed, the officer of excise

the beads of every low wine foil. See.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 4 & 125

ife shall attend to unlock and open the said (till heads, charging' ocks, and wash pumps.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Distillerswben4

That when any such distiller or maker of low wines and spirits, they intend to vhofe dill-house or dill-houses are under the survey of the Lon- °pe« Ml*, to ion officers, or is or are situate in London or Westminster, or with-

n any other city in Great Britain, shall be desirous of opening hour^previ-us low wines dill or dills, or of charging his wash dill or wash ou* to the {ills, he, she, or they shall give, or cause to be given, to one of time, to one he officers of excise, under whose survey such distiller or maker Q*sexcilc

)f low wines or spirits shall then be, a notice in writing at lead bur hours before the particular hour or time.of the day when be,

[he, or they intend to charge such dill or dills.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if anydiftiUer* in-Miller or maker of low wines or spirits, so situate as aforesaid, J{^r

hall be minded to open or to charge his dill or dills at any tween is at lour or time between twelve in the night and (ix in the morn- night and 6 ing j then, and in every such case, every such didiHer or maker !n the m?rn" jf low wines or spirits shall give the notice in writing, at JJJ^0pfleV^., S twelve hours before the particular hour or time of the night 0lj$ notice, when he intends so to open his low wine dill, or to charge his wash dill or wash dills; and every other corn distiller or maker of low wines or spirits from corn or grain, whose dill-house or still-houses is or are not situate in London or Westminster, nor under the survey of the London officers, nor in (ome other city in Great Britain, shall give or fend at lead twelve hours notice, in writing, at the next office, of excise, or to the proper officer under whole survey such lad mentioned distiller or maker of low wines or spirits shall then be, of such his or their intention of opening or charging their dill or dills: And in case any such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits shall not begin to charge his (fill or dills at the hour mentioned in such notice, or within two hours next after the expiration of such hour and time, then every such notice shall be and is hereby declared void and null, and every such distiller and maker of low wines and spirits!

shall be obliged to give a fresh notice before the officer shall be bound to open the heads of any such dill or dills, or the said charge cocks, or wash pumps, so locked as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers of ex-That the officers of excise shall, from time to time, attend, cife to attend agreeable to such notices so to be given or left as before directed;nd

and when and so soon as such officer shall be at such dill-house, fuclTnoticei# every such distiller or maker as aforesaid, or his or their (Servants,

shall, and they are hereby required to turn the discharge cocks of every wash dill, that the officer may be satisfied that the said wash dill or wash dills are really empty; and then, and not before, such officer shall open the dills, co^ks, and pumps, so locked and secured, and shall continue in the said dill-house all the time that such wash dill shall be charging; and when the same shall be fully charged, shall immediately lock and secure as before, all the dill heads, wash pumps, and charging cocks, to the

walh

Excise officers to attend all the time that still heads and charge cocks are repairing.

miners txfing other pipes or conveyances than those entered to forfeit iool.

Distillers pre-fuming to distill, before fufRcient fast-nings are provided.

to forfeit 50L

Persons opening still heads, &c. after being locked, to forfeit aoo 1.

Penalty o t obstructing excise officers in doing their duty is tool*

Forfeitures and penalties recoverable by any law of excise, &c.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1772.

wash stills belonging or affixed, and shall leave them so locked and secured at all times.

XV. Provided always, That when and fa often as it shall be found necessary to have stich still, heads or charge cocks, or v*afn pumps open, for repairing or mending the same, or either of them; then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the officers of excise so to do, for all the time the workmen shall be actually employed in repairing and mending the fame5 but the said officers shall lock and secure all such stills, wash pomps, and charge cocks, every night, when and so soon as the said workmen shall leave off their work $ and in such case, fitch officers shall attend at fix of the clock each morning, whiift such repain are doing, in order to open such stills, charge cocks, and pomps.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such distiller or maker of low wines, or spirits as aforesaid, shall have any pipe or conveyance to the low wine stills from any other vessel or utensil, except the known and entered km wine cask, on pain of forfeiting, for every such conveyance, the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits from com, shall, after the said twenty-fourth day of Junty one thousud seven hundred and seventy-two, presume to distil, or make lot wines or spirits, before he, she, or they shall have found, provided, and affixed sufficient fastnings, to be approved as aforesaid, to every such still head, and to the charge cocks to exit wash still and walh pump to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them used, according to the directions of this act; or shall refuse to pay for the locks and keys to be provided in pursuance of the directions of this act; or shall neglect or refuse to torn the discharge cock of the wash stills as required by this act} he, she, or they, shall, for every such offence, forfeit fifty pounds.

XVIII. And if by any means, device, or contrivance whit-, soever, any person shall open any (till head, or charge cock, or wash pump, after the same shall have been locked and secured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been opened by the officer of excise, or shall wilfully hurt or damage any such lock, or other fattening; every such person shall, for every such offence reflectively, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall obstruct, hinder or of-pose any of the said officers, in the execution of any of the powers given to bim by this act, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every fetch offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

X*. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be filed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, and forfeiture, is or maybe recovered or mitigated by any Uw oc laws of excise, or by action

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 47. 117

f debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's ourts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in 'cotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or orfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or ue for the same.

XXf. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons mo-That if any person or persons, shall be sued, molested, or pro-" anf ecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, [nj^rfuance uch person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and 0t the act to; ive this act, and the special matter, in evidence, in his or their plead the ge-iefence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the neral "e* lefendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall dif-xmtinue his or their action or actions, or be non-foited, or udgement shall be given against him, her, or them, on demurer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have Treble reble cods awarded to him or them against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVII.

An act to continue an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, and for making provision for discharging bankrupts, in certain cases, from their imprisonment.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the law hereafter mentioned bath, by experience.

been found uftful and beneficial, and is mar expiring j may t therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with: he advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and romtnons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the fifth year of the Aft5 Geo. il. eign of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An set to prevent the committing offrauds by bankrupts,) which was to: ontinue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the space of three years, ind from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, mad'in the ninth Act9i« ind sixteenth years of his said Majesty's reign, was further con- Geo. H. inued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by an act made in the twenty- Act*4 Geo. II. ourth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, was amended md further continued until the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven; and which, by two subsc-juont acts, made in the thirty-first year of his said late Majesty's Act jt Geo. If. eign, and the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and aft*was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, Geo. III. me thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from thence 10 the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the

fion.

All persons against whom commissiofts

128 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 6, 47. [1772.

further conti- the same is hereby farther continued from the expiration there* nued until cf, untjj the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven and untilYhe*hundred and seventy-five, and from theoce to the end of the end of the then next session of parliament.

following fef-

II. And whereas many persons against whom a commission cf bankruptcy hath issued 'are, nevertheless, confined in prison, though they have delivered up all their effects; for relief theretore of such persons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every

__T_______ person or persons, agrinft whom a commission of bankruptcy has

of bankruptcy been awarded and issued, and who was or were in custody on or haVd*dCn d ^>c^ore twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hun-who wereUi dred an<* seventy-two, for any debt due before such respective custody be- commissions issued, and who have, or shall have, duly confonn-fore March5, ed themselves to the several z&s of parliament relating to bank-d77*befodebhS ruPts»^are not> nor have been, committed by any warrant commissions*hc of in such respective commission named, for were issued, contumacy, or non-compliance with those laws, that it shall and may be lawful for any one of the judges of the court wherein such process has issued against such bankrupt or bankrupts, on petition of such bankrupt or bankrupts, to fumtnon his, her, or their plaintiff or plaintiffs to appear before him, to shew cause why such bankrupt Should not be discharged from his, her, or > their imprisoftment, (such bankrupt or bankrupts first making oath that such debt or debts did accrue before the ifilling out on proof not such commission;,) and such plaintiff or plaintiffs not appearing, edlo?the?dUC"or PP<*g arK* not proving that such bankrupt or bankrupts having con- l*as or have concealed any of his, her, or their effects, or that cealed their he, she, or they has or have not conformed him, her, or them-efsetts, or of selves to the laws against bankrupts, such judge shall and may, their not hav- by warrant or other instrument under his hand, discharge him, togtheI|a<ws1Ca hcr> or them, from such his, her, or their imprisonment for any against bank- debt or debts due before such commission issued, and such bankrupts, rupt or bankrupts shall not be subject or liable to be arrested for

tobedischarg-any debt or <jcbts due or contracted before such commission prisonment, " IAhed; subject nevertheless, in every other respect, to the Jaws and all debts against bankrupts: And all and every sheriff or sheriffs, bailiff due before the and officer, gaoler and keeper, are hereby required, on the decommission of livery of such warrant or instrument of discharge to such sheriff issued?1^ or bailiff, or other'officer, " gaoler or keeper, to discharge

Sheriffs* bai- such bankrupt or bankrupts out of custody accordingly; and the; lifts, officers, are hereby declared and enacted to be indemnified from any fid fnderlini' afiion or actions that shall or may be brought, commenced, or occasionedapCS prosecuted against him, or them, for any escape or escapes for hereby. or on account thereof.

Bankrupts a- And whereas many bankrupts, from a fear of being arrestd

gain ft whom a tmd thrown under a long imprisonment, do abscond and secrete them-commission selves from their homes, or go abroad into foreign parts, to the gnat batl\b.cc"a* distress of their families, and the detriment of this kingdom; be it March«, °rC ^urt^er enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such bankrupt77*i*01 bankrupts, against whom a commission of bankruptcy hath

been awarded and issued on or before the said twenty-fifth day

of

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 48. 129

of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, who hath or have regularly submitted to the same, and justly con- anj who have formed him, her, or themselves, to the several Statutes now in justly con-force concerning bankrupts, and who shall be hereafter arrested formed to the and held to bail, or taken in execution for any debt or debts due 1

and accruing before the date or dates of such respective commis- cerning baik-(ions, shall and may, after the expiration of forty days from the rupts, and time of such arrest, in like manner, petition any one of the who shall be judges of the court wherein such process has issued $ and such for*- judge is hereby authorised and required to discharge such bank- debts, rupt or bankrupts in like manner, and on the like terms and may, by peti-conditions as are aforesaid, and directed; and if such bankrupt tien, be dif-or bankrupts shall be afterwards arrested for any other debt or debts also accruing before such respective commissions issued, any judge of the court wherein such process issued shall, upon summons of the proper party or parties, immediately discharge such bankrupt or bankrupts from such arrest; nevertheless such bankrupt or bankrupts to be subject, in all other respects, to the laws relating to bankrupts, as aforesaid.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for the more effectual preventing offrauds in the fiamp,

duties, upon vellum, parchment, paper, and cards.

FOR the more effectual prevention of several frauds, whereby Preamble#;

his Majestfs duties, granted by several acts of parliament in that behalf \ on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, have been very much diminished, the penalties thereon prescribed being found infuffi-eient to deter offenders \ be it ena&ea by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person After u or persons, at any time after the first day of August, one thou- i77*, persons sand seven hundred and seventy-two, shall write or engross, or committing cause to be written or engrossed, either the whole, or any part "el-

of any writ, mandate, bond, affidavit, or other writing, matter, or thing whatsoever, in respect whereof any duty is or shall be*payable by any act or acts made, or to be made, in that behalf, on the whole, or any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there shall have been before written fny other writ, bond, mandate, affidavit, or other matter or thing, in re-spell whereof any duty was or shall be payable as aforesaid, before such vellum, parchment, or paper, shall have been again marked or stamped, according to the said acts; or shall fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out, the name or names of any person or persons, or any sum, date, or other thing, written in such writ, mandate, affidavit, bond, or other writing, matter or thing, as aforesaid \ or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off, any mark or (lamp, in respeH whereof, or / whereby, any duties are or shall be payable, or denoted to be paid or payable as aforesaid, from any piece of vellum, parch-Vol. XXX. K ment,

W be deemed.guilty of felony*and, on conviction, to be transport-. ed.

And if they break prison, on return within the 1L-mitted time, to suffer death.

Persons discovering offenders, inti* tied to his Majesty's pardon.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 49.

[17

ment, paper, playing cards, outside paper of any parcel or pi of playing cards, or any part thereof, with intent to use fa. (lamp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing, in: sped whereof any such duty is or shall be payable, or deoz to be paid or payable as aforesaid; then, so osten, and in ev: such case, every person so offending, in any of the partial before mentioned, and every person knowingly and wilfully z. ing, abetting, or assisting any person or persons to commit a: such offence or offences as aforesaid, shall be deemed and ex ffrued to be guilty of felony, and, being thereof convs&ed 1 due course of law, shall be transported to some of his Majdh plantations beyond the seas, for a term not exceeding seven yer according to the laws in force for the transportation of fete-And if any such person or persons so convicted or transpc^ shall voluntarily escape or break prison, or return from tranipc tation before the expiration of the time for which he, (he. -they shall be so transported as aforesaid, such person or peris being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer death as a feh. without benefit cf clergy, and shall be tried for such felony: the county where he, she, or they shall be apprehended.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai any person or persons shall, after the said first day of Augtef^eyi thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, commit any of tb offences aforesaid, and afterwards, being out of prison, discorc one or more persons who shall, (ince that time, have comniioe: any of the offences aforesaid, so as such person or persons & covered shall be convicted of such offence or offences, he, &. or they, so discovering, shall have and be intitled to his Ah jesty's gracious pardon for all such offences by him or her committed at any time or times before such discovery made.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to explain and amend an afly made in the seventbjw of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act fa altering the stamp duties upon policies of assurance; aai for reducing the allowance to be made in respectc of dr prompt payment of the stamp-duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors \ and fir explaining and amending several acts of parliament ft lating to hackney coaches and chairs \ so far as the fm relates to hackney coaches.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, passed in the fever: Act 7 Geo. III. V year of the reign of his present Majesty* intituled An act fa altering the stamp-duties upon policies of assurance; and for ft during the allowance to be made in respect of the prompt payment of the (I )mp-duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, ajie.other exciseable liquors; and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs; ? ist among/l other things, enacted, That from and after the firs day 4

August,

1772.] Anno duodecimo GSoRCil Tit. c. 49J ijl

ugust, Mr thousand seven hundred and fvety-seven, every coachmarii

med by the commissioners for regulating and licensing hackney coach-

plying for hire within the city of London or Westminster, Should

r obliged and compeliable, on every day of the week, at seasonable

miy to go any where, within the iiftance of ten miles from the city

f London or Westminder* and in case oj refusal so to do, Should be

able to the like penalty or punishment as might by law then be inflicted

1 cases of refusal to carry for hire by licenced hackney coachmen: And

d'd

ibereas a doubt has arisen, whether coachmen licenced by the said com*

njjioners, and who ply out of the said cities, are by law obliged, on

very day of the week, at seasonable times, to go any where within the

if ante of ten miles from the said cities*may it therefore please

our Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

cm of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

irefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited clause in the said act, and all the powers

ind authorities thereby granted, shall, from the time of passing per^" i,

his act, be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to all and London and

'very person and persons so licenced, who shall ply for hire, as Westminster.

well within the weekly bills of mortality and the suburbs of the

laid cities of London or Westminster, as within the said respective

: >ties.

II. And whereas a great number of persons, licenced by the said ConwbHtewi-mmiffmers to vfe and keep for hire hackney coaches, regularly use «rtnot tofino nd employ the same as JIated Jlages to and from different towns and any ftiU slam in the neighbourhood of the cities ^London and Westminster, coach icotc/ md the borough of Southwark, which is of great publick utility and or driven convenience, same of which towns and places are within, and others without the weekly bills of mortality: And whereas a doubt has arisen whether by the laws now in force relating to hackney coaches, fetch persons being licenced in the usual and general form, are not compellable to do the ordinary work of hackney coaches, and to carry fares for hire, f0 any parts or places within the cities of London or Westminster, ir within the dislance of ten miles thereof, which would be attended not only with great inconvenience to the inhabitants of fetch towns and elates, but might olfo be a great lessening to his majeslfs revenue srifing from hackney coaches*be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, the said of for Licensing and regulating hackney coaches* any other person or persons having authority to put any of the laws m execution concerning licenced hackney coachmen, their renters, or their drivers, shall not be compelled or compellable lo fine or punish any licenced hackney coachman, his renter or driver, for refusing to carry a fare out of the ordinary course of his stage-work or duty, who shall regularly use and employ his coach, so licenced, as a stage coach to and from any of the towns or places in the neighbourhood of the said dries of London and Westminster*and who shall also, by painting in legible characters on the door of such coach, or by a board, to be painted in legible characters, and affixed on the door of every such coach,

XI plainly

132 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 50. [1771.

plainly denote and distinguHh the lame to be a stage coach to and from any such town or place; any thing in the above recited act, or in any other ad relating to hackney coaches, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. L.

An act for encouraging the of f

ing the duty say able upon the importation of oak.when the price of such hark shall exceed a certain r a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the of leather is of impirtmii

the trade of this kingdom: And whereas oak bark bar if la risen greatly in Us Prite, and the present duties upon the importait of foreign bark amounts to a total prohibition of the same, mark please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority s' After June5, the same. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of in77*» cuf- this present year, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-tva, by"ormer suft, all subsidies, customs, duties, and impositions whatsoever ins-to posed, and now payable by virtue of any act or acts of parliament on the importation of oak bark into Great Britain, toil cease, determine, and be no longer pud or payable.

Doty of id.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That por mt. to be frotn an(] afier the said twenty-fifth day of, there M be portarion of Pa'd on t^ie importation of oak bark a duty of one jaenovia foreign bark. each hundred weight of oak bark so imported into this kingdom;

which shall and may be raised, levied, collected, and recovered.by such ways and means, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duty for any goods or merchis-dise imported into Great Britain may be raised, levied, collected, or recovered by any act of parliament now in force, as fully mi effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the several chutes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating the rm, were particularly repeated and rc-eriaded in the body of is present act.

When the HI. Provided always, That at all times hereby, when tie price is under price of oak bark shall be under ten pounds for the loads

lol.pvrload; hatch bark, containing forty-five hundred weight, delivered i rind* alftou huyers warehouses in the city of or within the wed-

'*ly bills of mortality, or when the pride of oak bark in the rids

mail be under two pounds ten shillings for the load of rinds, containing thirty yards, when the same are set three rinds this with two Hurts and a cover, delivered at the buyers warehouis within the city of London; or weekly bills of mortality; then, ad no oak bark in either of these cases, no oak bark whatsoever shall be allow.' to ba import, to be imported into Great Britain, any thing in this act, or act other act of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further cracted, That if any person or cerfcns

gal

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 50. 133

all import, or cause to be imported, any oak bark, when the Persons im-ice of the load of hatch is in London, and within the weekly porting oak Us of mortality, delivered at the buyers warehouses under the the price Is as ice of ten pounds per load of hatch, or when the price of the lift mention* ad of rinds shall be under two pounds ten shillings for the ed, shall for-ad of rinds, when the same are set, and containing as afore- f«t the same, id, delivered at the buyers warehouses within the city of Lon- |£]ty each* ny or weekly bills of mortality, such oak bark so imported load, all be forfeited, and the importer thereof shall, over and above, rfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds for each load of hatch rinds so imported j to be recovered and applied in manner rrein-after directed.

V. And, in order to ascertain the price of oak bark in London, To afeertaxa id within the weekly bills of mortality, be it enacted by the au- th.e P^ce ority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth day mor-Juney one thousand seven hundred and seven: y-two, a register tahty, re-registers shall be kept by the clerk of the tanners company of giiters to be, e prices at which oak bark is bought by all and every personcPf by the

persons residing in London, or within the weekly bills of mor- tinM^com-lity, or by any other person or persons, for the use of any such pzaym: rfon or persons.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons pur. irfons who shall have purchased, or caused to be purchased, chafing five rc loads of hatch bark, each load containing forty-five hun-ed weight, shall, within ten days after such bargain or pur- days after the lafe, give, or cause to be given in to the clerk of the tanners bargain, give impany, a note in writing, specifying the date of such bargain in to the said purchase, the name or names of the purchaser or purchasers,

e name or names of the /eller or feliers, and their respective aces of abode, and also the quantity of hatch so purchased, igether with the price paid, or to be paid for the same, and tall deliver and pay to the clerk, with, every such note, one filling; and the clerk of the said company shall, within twen- to be entered i-four hours after receiving such note in writing as aforesaid, by the said iter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose;

id in case any tanner or other person or persons residing in ondon, or within the weekly bills of mortality, shall purchase ly oak bark in the rinds, or by any other mode or manner hatsoever, amounting in quantity to twenty loads of rinds, each ad containing thirty yards of rinds, when the same are set three nds thick as aforesaid, such person or persons so purchasing tall, within ten days after such purchase, give, or cause to be*ven in to the clerk of the tanners company, a note in writing, ecifying the date of such bargain or purchase, the name or lines of the purchaser or purchasers, and feller or feliers, and leir respective places of abode, and the quantity of rinds or bark purchased by the load, each load containing thirty yards of nds, when the same are set three rinds thick as aforesaid, the rice paid or to be paid for the same, together with the county which such bark^ was taken of the trees; and shall also deliver and to pay id pay to the clerk, with every such note, the sum of one (hill- is. to the

*3

ing*

clerk.

34 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 50. f 177:

Jng; and the clerk of the said company shall, in like znacnr 'within twenty-four hours after receiving such note in verity as aforesaid, enter the same in a book or books to be kept s ihe purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such register and: gifters, book or books, so to be kept as aforesaid, mall and b be inspected* at all convenient times, by any person or perfc whatsoever, without any fee or reward to be demanded or tab for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when it shall appa from the entries to be made as aforesaid, that the average pc of the hatjth bark does amount to ten pounds per load, each Js containing forty-five hundred weight, or that the average pc of rind bark does amount to two pounds ten shillings per kj*. each load containing thirty yards of rinds when the lame arec three rinds thick as aforesaid, delivered at the buyers warehouc then, or in any of these cases, it shall and may be lawful forth: or more of the said purchasers of hatch or rind bark as atos said, withip the city of London, or weekly bills of mortality, 2:

to thHoixl^tlieY are hereby required to certify to the lord mayor of the a? puyor, &c, Pf I'Otidoiti Of any two of the aldermen thereof, the average pm of the load of hatch or rind bark, (each load respectivdj attaining as aforesaid,) for the space of one month preceding jisi the said three or more purchasers shall respectively make oxt that thp note given in by them to the clerk of the tanners c-pany, contain a true account of the price paid for the bark; aft the said clerk of the tanners company shall make oath of tbs truth of his entries agreeable to the notes in writing so deliverer

Register may

be inspected without fee.

The average price for one month preceding the date of the pijrcbafc,

p«kd Hy him signed, and delivered to

the officer of in to hJm as aforesaid, whereupon the said mayor or aldenna who^all'pub- an(*<7 are hrcby required to (ign the lame, and toft-

\\(b the same r — — - r - i« — - t-, l —

in the Ga-astt^i*and then no more than

I 6\ ptr c<wff

to be demand ed.

On the first Tuesdayor

the^W clejrk Jed in manner aforesaid the clerk of the said tanners cotnpa:

to certify to

the lord |n^yor9 See.

avgiags price.k

liver the same, as soon as conveniently may be, to the collect!j or receiver of his Majesty's customs at the port of London, wb| shall, and is hereby required to publish the same in the L&ii\ Gazette^ from and after which publication, no more thane? penny per hundred weight shall be demanded or taken by arr officer of his Majesty's customs, or any other person whatsoo^ on the importation of any.oak bark into Great Britain. 1

IX. And be it further enacted, That on the first Tnefisji ipvpry month, after the importation of oak bark shall be pertr*

shall, ip writing, certify upon oath to the lord mayor of ?h city of London, or any two of the aldermen thereof, the avcrapi

price of oak bark by the load of hatch or rinds, each load*pectively containing as aforesaid; for which certificate the ki clerk shall receive a fee of six shillings and eight-pence; and: from fuph certificate it shall appear that the price of oak barkii under ten pounds the load of hatch, or that the price of rid bark is under two pounds ten findings the load, each load d to be f ened hate^ anc* r*nd containing respectively as aforesaid, then the fad anclpublished certificate shall be signed and tfansmitted to the coljedlor of tfc in the Gazette, customs as aforesaid, and shall be published in the next Lo*i\

Gaztti( j

*35 ,

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 50.

[Proviso.]

razetfe; from and after which publication no oak bark (halt e imported into*this kingdom till the price shall amount to ten ounds per load of hatch bark, or to two pounds ten shillings tr load of rind bark, each load containing respectively as aforesaid, and the importation thereof be again permitted in manner hove directed. Provided always that no certificate to be pro- uced to the lord mayor or aldermen as aforesaid shall affect the mportation of oak bark, uriless it shall appear that the quantiles purchased within the space of one month, and duly register-d as directed by this act, shall exceed one hundred loads of atch, or three hundred loads of rind bark, each load containing dpedttvely as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons f*" mrchafing bafrk within the limits aforesaid shall neglect, for the notes^du^ pace of fourteen days, to give in a nore in writing to the clerk r*dted, to for* f the tanners company of his or their purchase or purchases, feitol. mrfuant to the directions of this act, or shall give in a false note, rr a note deficient in any of the particulars aforesaid, every person or persons shall, for every fuuh offence, forfeit the sum of wenty pounds; to be recovered and applied in manner herein iter directed: And if the clerk of the raid, tanners company perk neglect. h*ll refuse or tiegjedi, for the space of three days, to enter the to e, Jter -t aid note or notes, after the same shall be delivered to him as, gCj* 10 or a aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the um of ten pounds; to be recovered and applied in manner here-n after directed.

XL. Provided always, That if any person or persons shall bona J^er* f^C11 Iit give any order or orders for the importation of oak bark, timeTSlowed luring the time that such bark was allowed to be imported, on hereby to be ayment of the duty of one penny per hundred weight, but valid, which bark shall not arrive till after the importation thereof was lopped in manner aforesaid, such oak bark shall and may, (up->n sufficient proof bein| made to the collector of the customs,

)y producing copies of the orders and affidavits to verify the ame, that the orders for such bark were given while the same was allowed to be imported upon payment of the said duty,) be entered and imported upon payment of the duty aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the said lord mayor-ord mayor,

>r aldermen shall, within the space of ten days after such certi-

icate has been made and delivered as aforesaid, have reason to amjneoffend-

'ufpedt, or if affidavit shall be made before him or them that the era upon oath.

'aid certificate was not truly or bona fide made, or that the same

toes not contain the true particulars of the bargains therein

pecified; then, and in any such case, it shall be lawful for the

aid mayor or aldermen, and he or they are hereby required, to

ummon before him or them respectively any person or persons,

and to examine them respectively upon oath, which oath the

laid mayor or aldermen are hereby authorised to administer,

touching the rates and prices of oak bark, or any other matter

or thing contained in the said certificate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons

i3 6

Persons guilty of perjury, liable to legal penalties.

Condemned bark, and all penalties in-ni&ed, recoverable by aftiorf of debt, &c,

and to belong to his Majesty.

Aft to conri-tine in force for five years*

[Preamble.]

Act 10 Geo. 3.

further continued till Sept,9»1744. and to the end of the next session of parlia< meat.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 51.' [1772.

fans (wearing to the certificates, or to the entries and notes as above directad, or who shall be examined on oath, pursuant to the di rest ions of this act, shall wilfully forswear him or herself, or themselves, every such person or persons shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted as for perjury by indictment or information by due course of law; and, if convicted, shall be liable to the pains and penalties that persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such oak bark which shall be seized and condemned in pursuance of this act, and all penalties and forfeitures whatsoever by this act inflicted, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of his Majesty's attorney-general, or in the name or names of the officer or officers of the excise or customs, who shall seize the said oak bark; and one moiety of the clear produce arising from the sale of all such goods, and of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, after all charges dedusted, shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall seise, inform, or prosecute for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue and be in force for the term of years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LL

An act for continuing an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the further [prut* ing of the contagious disorder among the horned caitk«Great Britain.

WIEREAS an atf, made in the tenth year of the reign

present Majesty, (intituled An act to prevent the further spreading of the contagious disorder among the horned cattle in Great Britain), was to continue in force from the commememt thereof until the twenty-ninth day September, one thousand frja hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then sot session of parliament: and whereas such contagious disorder jlill on* vails among the horned cattle in several parts of Europe; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, ad from thence to the then next session of parliament.

*37

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C.$2, 53;

CAP. LII.

An act to enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to order and allow, out of the money arising by the coinage duty, a certain sum therein mentioned, for the expenses of prosecuting offenders against the laws relating to the coin, in the year one thousand seven hundred and /evenly, over and above the sum yearly allowed for that fervict.

WHEREAS by an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign ^/preamble.

his Majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit coin,) it is, (among/ other things) enacted, that the lord high treasurer, or the lords of of the treasury for the time being, shall and may order and allow out of the monry arising by the coinage duty, such sums of money for defraying the expences ofprefe-cuting offenders against the laws relating to the coin, as be or they shall see fit provided the said expences do not, in any one year, exceed the sum of six hundred pounds: and whereas the expences veceffarity incurred in prosecuting such offenders, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy, amounted to the sum of one thousand one hundred and thirty six pounds, nineteen shillings, and ten-pence, over agd above the said sum of six hundred pounds, yearly allowed for that service \ and as the law now Jlands the said sum of one thousand one hundred and thirty six pounds, nineteen j, hillings and ten-pence, cannot he brought to account j may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the commis- ^ordi of the sioners of his Majesty's treasury, now or for the time being, treasury 10 or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time*H°"»bcifig, shall and may, out of the money arising by the coinage duty, order and allow such further sum, not exceeding oneQf thousand one hundred and thirty-six pounds, nineteen shillings dons in the and ten-pence, for the expences of the said prosecutions, in theywi77#. said year one thousand seven hundred and seventy, over and above the said six hundred pounds, limited yearly; the said recited act, or any other law, Statute, provision, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LIII.

An act to enable the lords of the treasury to discharge the executors of lady Anne Jekyll from a debt due to his Majesty, for the use of the sinking fund, upon payment of the same into the exchequer.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twentieth year of the rrf^Preamble.

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to allow to the residuary Legatees of iir Joseph Jekyll knight, late matter of the rolls, deceased, part

of

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 53; [t772.:

of the legacy given by his will, to the use of the sinking fond; reciting, among/} otter things, That the said fir Joseph Jekyll, by his last wiU and testament, bad given his East India and South Sea flock to his Majesty, his heirs and fiuecessors, kings or queens ^England, to be applied to the use of the sinking fund\ in such manner as Should be directed by act of parliament; and that the Jmi fir Joseph Jekyll had several times expressed his intention to make a competent provision for the support of several of his relations, and for that end and purpose, bad deviled to them all the residue of his real and personal estate in manner therein mentioned, and that the value of the estate bequeathed to the said legatees was Jo reduced, that several of them would be exposed to indigence and difirefsr unless some relief were granted to them by parliament: and it was therefore enacted, That it Should and might be lawful forhis Majesty, his heirs and successors, by warrant or order under his or their sign manual, to permit Joseph Jekyll, (the executor of the will of the said fir Joseph Jekyll) his executors, administrators, or assigns, to fell so much of the East India, and South Sea flock, devised as aforesaid, as vmld enable him or them to raise, for the benefit of the said residuary legatees, the sum of thirteen thousand five hundred and eighty-two pounds, nine shillings, and two-pence, to be applied by him or them in the same manner as the real and personal estate of the said fir Joseph jekyll was by his said will directed to be applied: and whereas, in pursuance of the said recited act, his late Majesty did, by warrant or order under his sign manual, impower the said Joseph Jekyll to fill the said South Sea Jiock and East In&xz fiock, and to apply thirteen thousand five hundred and eighty-two pounds, nine shillings, and two-pence, part of the money arising by fate of the said fiocks, for the benefit of the residuary legatees of the said fir Joseph Jekyll, in the same manner as his real and personal estate were by his said will directed to be applied; and the remainder, arising by such foie, into the exchequer pursuant to the said wiU, to be applied to the same uses as the sinking fund was applicable; and thereupon the fold Joseph Jekyll, soon afterwards, at several times within the month of October, in the year one thousand seven hundred and for tyseven, did fell ten thousand pounds East India Jiock, then Jlanaing in the name of fir Joseph Jekyll, at several prices, amounting together (after a deduction of commission and the charges of the several transfers) to the sum of fifteen thousand eight hundred and seventy-two pounds, fourteen shillings, the furphis whereof, after deducting the said sum of thirteen thousand five hundred and eighty* two pounds, nine shillings and two-pence, being the sum of two thousand two hundred and ninety pounds, four ftnllings, and ten-pence, ought to have been paid into the receipt of the exchequer, pursuant to the dire ft ions contained in the said sign manual: and whereas the said Joseph Jekyll afterwards, namely on or about the fiventeenth day ^November, one thousand seven hundred and fif y-iwo, departed this life, and lady Anne Jekyll, widow, and administratrtx, with the tefiamentary schedule annexed of the said Joseph Jekyll, is fence deceased, after making her lafi will and testa-rrent, but without having paid the said surplus, or any part thereof, into the exchequer, and the same fill remains due and unpaid: and

yahewt

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 54*39

t vhtreasthe executors of the will of the said lady Anne Jekyll are de-

sirous, and have proposed to the tommi/foners of, his MajeJWs to pay into the receipt of the exchequer the said sum of two thousand two hundred and ninety pounds, four /billings, and in

satisfaction for the said surplus remaining unpaid as; but

doults having arisen, whether the said eornmissioners of the treasury have sufficient power and authority to grant the said executors a full discharge and exoneration upon payment of the said sum of two thou-

Jand two hundred and ninety pounds, fiur /billings, and ten-pence: therefore, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament a/ftmbled, do most humbly beseech your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Lords of the the eornmissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more treasury im-of them now being, or the lord high treasurer, or any three or°

more of the eornmissioners of the treasury for the time being, and be or they are hereby authorised and impowered, by his or jejcyll to pay7 their warrant, to direct the said executors or representatives of»t$ol +*«! the said lady Anne Jehyll to pay into the receipt of his Majesty's to d* che-exchequer the said sum of two thousand two hundred and nine- «^Ued>to the ty pounds, four shillings, and ten-pence, to be applied to the sinking fund, same uses and purposes as the sinking fond is applicable, purfu- and to exoae-ant to the several acts of parliament for disposition of the same; Mte the and upon such payment, entirely to acquit, exonerate, and dif-executor*' charge the said executors, of and from all claims and demands for or on account of the said surplus, and all and every part thereof, and they shall be acquitted, exonerated, and discharged against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and touching the payment of the said surplus, and from all claims and demands whatsoever in respect of the same; any thing in the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LIV.

An act for the more effe finally fettering a quantity of oak tim-

ber for the use of the royal navy.

WHEREAS the tonnage of the flaps employed, and of those now preamble.

building, in order to be employed in the service of the united company of merchants in England, trading to the East Indies, doth greatly exceed the tonnage of/hipping requtfit to carry on the trade of the said united company to and from the East Indies: and whereas the building any more shipsfor the service of the said united until those which are now employed, or building to be employed as

foresaid, shall be reduced in tonnage to the quantity requiftte for carrying on the said trade, will occasion an umetessary consumption of oak

timber, ft for building large ships; for remedy whereof, and for the more eftcdually securing a quantity of oak timber of a proper growth for the use of the royal navy; be it enacted by the

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 54« [1772.

King's most excellent majesty* by and with sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

After March i*, i77», the East India

now building excepted),

till the tonnage be reduced to 45, 000 tons.

the advice and con-commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the eighteenth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, the said united company of merchants trading to the East Indies, or -37 any person or persons employed by the said company, or any of (hi^(those their directors, or any of them, shall not build, or begin to bijild, or cause any person or persons whatsoever to build, or begin to build, any new ship (except those now building), for the service of the said united company, until the tonnage of all the ships employed or to be employed in the trade of the said company, on freight to and from the East Indies, shall be reduced to forty-five thousand tons, builders measurement, on pain that the said company, and every other person and persons so offending shall, for every ship which shall be built, or begun to be hpilt, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the sum of five thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; one moiety whereof shall be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, together with full costs of suit, for the use of such person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no cflbin, pro ted ion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

ThcEast India And^father enacted by the authority aforesaid, That company not ^om anc* a^ter ^e said eighteenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, until the tonnage of all the ships employed, or to be employed, in the service of the said united company trading to the East Indies, on freight to and from the East indies, (h5l be reduced to forty-five thousand tons, builders measurement, ttie said pnited united company, or any person or persons employed by the said company, or any of their directors, or any of them, shall not in any manner whatsoever charter, contradfor, or hire any ship for the use of the said company, unless such ship shall have been built, or begun to be on penalty of built, on or before the said eighteenth day of March, one thou-50001. for fend seven hundred and seventy-two, on pain that the said coin-each offence. pany^ and every other person or persons so offending shall, for every ship which shall be so chartered, contracted for, or hired as lad mentioned, forfeit and pay the sum of five thousand pounds of like lawful money; one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, together with full costs of suit, to the use of the person or persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

ttbefto6011' Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the

hibittheEast* authority aforesaid, That nothing herein-before contained shall India compa- be deemed, or construed to extend, to prohibit the said united ny to build company from building, contracting for, or hiring, from rime cc3oniwtbC to t^mCj tb* continuance of this act, any ship or ships

Intodial* 2 what*

to charter or hire ships, unless built before March 1771.

14*

377*' Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 55. whatsoever, in India, or in any of his Majesty's colonies in America, for their use or service; or from building, contracting for, or hiring within this kingdom, during tlte continuance of this act, any Ship or ships, not exceeding fix in number in the whole, nor in burthen three hundred tons respectively, to be employed as packets, or advice boats, in the Said united company's service; and that all such last mentioned Ships which shall be built in India, at in any of his Majesty's colonies in A-meriea. shall be, to all intents and purposes, considered and deemed to be British-bwk Ships; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pf'ronlfrft where any person shall be sued by action of debt for any pecu- 0fatbt, the* niary forfeiture or penalty imposed by this act, it shall be suffi- aa to be cient for the plaintiff in such action to declare that the defendant given in evi-is indebted to him in the fom of five thousand pounds, being dence. forfeited by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For tbt more effeCluaHy /tearing a quantity of oak timber for the use of the royal navy.

V. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Limitation of if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or action*' persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or of any

matter or thing herein contained, such act or suit shall be commenced within the Space of Six months next after the (aft committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of action shall arise; and such person or perfims shall and may plead the general iUbe, and give this act. General iffiw, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial thereupon, for his and their defence; and if upon such trial a verdict dial I pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuifed, or discontinue his or their action or suit, or if judgement be given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall - have treble costs to him or them awarded against the plaintiff or TrebJ* t*. plaintiffs.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, PubUik That this act shall be deemed and allowed to be a pubKck aft,

and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justlees, and other persons, without Specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An afitfar preventing frauds and aluses, in relation to the trade tarried on between Great Britain and Ireland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an aS of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An act Act u Car. e. for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and navigation), no goods or commodities, the growth, product or of Africa, Asia, or ApieriCa, can be imported into this kingdom, from any other plate or plates, nutitry or countries, but only front those of the said growth, production, 1or manufacture, or from ports where

former atts, shall be exported.

Merchants entering goods for exultation to

142 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 55.' [1772.

such goods can only, or an, or have usually bun first flipped fa transportation: and whereas, notwithstanding the said recited act} runty jugary coffeoy imd other American and Asiatic goods have ban entered outwards for exportation in the kingdom of Ireland, to be imported into Great Britain, and have been clandestinely and illegal) landed in this kingdom, contrary to the find rented aft, to the put prejudice of the revenue of customs, and the detriment of thefair trader: for remedy whereof, may it therefore please your Majesty tint it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King* most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament at sembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after After July 5, the fifth day 01 July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy. 1771* n*LTum'two* no rum> fiigar, coffee, or any other goods wharibeier, prohibitedhich are prohibited to be imported from Ireland into Great Bri- from Ireland, ta*n* or which are liable to forfeiture upon being so imported, to Britain by'by any act or acts of parliament made in this kingdom, shall be exported or entered for exportation from Ireland to Great Briton-, nor shall any cocket or clearance be granted in Ireland for the exportation of such goods to Great Britain any custom or ufageto the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any merchant, or other person, shall enter any such goods for exportation to any foreign ports, or other pin Foreign ports, whatsoever, and such good* Audi, nevertheless, be carried to and landing'Great Britain, and landed there, contrary to the true intern rod

themmBn- meaning of this act; that then, and in every such case, the fcifth^d for" drawback paid, or to be paid, for the lame shall be forfeited; wif.8 nW- and the exporter of such goods, and the matter of the ship or vessel on board which the same were loaden and exported, tod every person concerned or assisting in the exportationor landing of the said goods, whether any drawback has been or is to be and treble the paid for the same or not, shall forfeit treble the value of the bid w*(h goods, and the ship or vessel, on board which such goods me mppareL' laden and exported, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel,shall also be forfeited; and shall and may he seized and prosecuted by any officer of the custotns in Great Britain or and the several penalties and forfeitures herein -before tnentkn-ed shall and may be sued for and recovered in such and the like manner as any forfeiture incurred by any law of the revenue.may be sued for and recovered in the kingdom of Great Brim or Ireland respectively; one moiety of which penalties and for-Forfcituret fe*tures> (after deducing the charges of prosecution), shall be to recoverable ,le use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other by any law of moiety to such officer of the customs as shall sue and prosecute the revenue, for the same.

The exporter,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ik. to obtain That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand ft-drawback, Ven hundred and seventy-two, the exporter or person having the upon' thede- direction of the voyage, and the matter or person having the Mature, &c.* charge or command of the ship or vessel on board which, ant

gooti

x 7720 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 55. -143

goods shall be entered for exportation to foreign parts, in order to obtain a drawback thereon, shall swear upon the debenture that the said goods are really and bqnaintended to be exported to the port or place mentioned in the entry, and to no other; and that no part thereof is relanded, or intended to be relanded in any part of Ireland, or in Great Bror the Jfie of Alan,

or the islands of Faro, or Ferro; nor to be tcanthipped.or pot on board any ship or vessel, unless in case of real distrefe, to hive the said goods from perishing.

IV. And, for the better presenting fraudt in relanding in Ireland Ho drawback

any goods which art intitled to a drawback or bounty on exportation? be allowed,

from thenct to this kingdom, be it further enacted by the authori- dlUeertift. ty aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one than-sand seven hundred and seventy-two, no drawback or bounty coUedor, See. shall be allowed or paid for any goods exported or entered for exportation from Ireland to Great Britanuntil a certificate shall be produced under the hands and (cals of office of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs for the port where such goods shall be landed in Great Britain, te-flifying the landing thereof; which certificate shall also express the exalt weight, measure, or quantity of the goods so landed, with the number and marks of the calks, bales, or other packages, in which such goods shall be contained.

V. And the better to prevent the clandestine importing and -ing of foreign brandy, rum, Jirong waters, or other faints in small vessels, which hover upon the coafis of Ireland, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-

ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and (even- Clandestine ty-two, if any rum or (pints of the growth, produce, or manu- importing of failure of the British colonies or plantations in America shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Ireland, either from bow to be*the said colonies or plantations, or from Great, in any prevented,

ship or vessel whatsoever under the burthen of seventy tons; or if any foreign brandy, strong waters, or other spirits, shall, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, be imported or brought from any other port or place whatsoever, in foreign parts, into the hid kingdom of Ireland, in any ship or vessel. under the burthen of one hundred tons, except only for the use of the seamen then belonging to and on board such ships or vessels respectively, not exceeding two gallons for each such seamen, every such ship or vessel, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, and also all such brandy, ruin, strong' waters, or other spirits, shall, in each and every such case, be forfeited; and shall and may be seized by any of-, ficer or officers of the revenue in Ireland, and prosecuted, tried, determined, recovered, and disposed of, in such and the like manner as any forfeitures incurred by the laws now in force in the said kingdom of Ireland against the running, or intending to run, goods into that kingdom, may, by any act or acts of parliament now in force in that kingdom, be prosecuted, tried, determined, recovered, and disposed of,

144 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1772.

General ifloe.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per. ion or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same ns done in pursuance and by the authority of tins ad} and if it shall appear fb to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, er discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants fall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants Treble costs. ^hast recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the hoc as defendant* have m other cases by law.

CAP. LVI.

jtn ail to continue several laws relating to the allowance tpo the exportation of British-made to the gnmq

further encouragement for the importation of naval Jim from the British colonies in America; to the further«couraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, and is the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the gratify s

liberty to carry sugars produce, or mm-

failure of arty of his Majesty's sugar directlj Iris

foreign parts*, in ships built in Great Britain, and m-gated according to low, to the free importation cf. from Ireland, and to the regulating the fees of officers the customs, and naval officers in America.

[Preamble.]

T XT WHEREAS the laws mentioned hoot, bj

true, been found uftful and beneficial, and are near expiras; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enadod by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and oonfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and -commons, in tihis present parliament assembled, and by them-thdrity of the same. That an act made in the fourth year of tlx Act 4. Geo. , reign of his late majesty King die Second, intituled, A

08 for granting an allowance upon the exportation q/'British

powder, which was to continue in fence for five years, from tlx twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven- hundred and

_ thirty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next feffis

wTand'ti' parliament i and which, by several subsequent acts, made in Geo. *, and <she tenth, sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and the thirty-first years a act 4. Geo. j. -his said Majesty's reign, and the fourth year of his present Ms: jesty, s roign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth dir continued till of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, a«l Sept.9, 1778, {rom thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, of the thenD<1 ^e, and the same is hereby further continued from tlx

next <Wfr?n, expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth -day of,

' thou-

1772.] Anno 10 duodecimo Georgii III. £.56. 145

thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence id the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Act*

That for much of an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for giving further eft-touragemertt for the importation of naval fores, and for other purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the importation of wood and

timber, and of the goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty's British plantations or colonics in America, free froth -all customs and impositions whatsoever, which was to be in force for twenty-one years; from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven handled and twenty-two, and which by several subsequent acts made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth year and if, k of his present Majesty's reign; was further continued until the 31 Geo. * and twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and 4 3*

seventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then next fefliuri further con-of parliament, shall be, and the same is^hereby further conti- tinued till nued from the expiration thereof, until: the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight,

and from thence to the end of the then next session of par- then next liament. session.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid;

That an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 1 An act for further eft- Act 9 Geo. > caur aging and regulating the * manufacture fl/'British fail clothy and for the more effectually fe curing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported into thit kingdom, which was to continue in forefc from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hunj-dred and thirty-six, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, made in the thirteenth, twentyr Asti 13, 14, fourth, and thirty-first years of his said Majesty's reign, and the and 31 Geo. , fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, was further continu- and Geo. j. ed until the twenty-ninth day 01 September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and furtfiereon-seventy-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next fef- t, n^Hon of parliament. Sect.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George\he Second, intituled An act for granting Act it Geo. a. a liberty to carry sugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty $ sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated UJ cfor ding to law, which was to continue in force for five years, from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the end of V ol. XXX. L the

146 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1772.

the then next session of parliament; and which, by several sub-and attt 17, sequent acts, made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and and ji thirty-first years of his said Majesty's reign, and the fourth year aft+Gcoft. h's present Majesty's reign, was farther continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and from thence to the end of the then next ki-conti ed till^on °' Parhainent, shall be, and the same is hereby further con* Sept.9, 17 78, dnued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day and to the end of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, of the then and from thence to the end of the then next session of par* ext session. foment.

V. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That A, _ an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, further con- int*tuled. An act to permit the free importation of tattle from Ireland, tinned as a- which was to continue in force for seven years, and from than bore men* to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and tioned. the same is hereby farther continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the end of tly then next session of parliament.

Act ro Geo. j.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for much if a

all, made in the third year of his present reign,

An act to continue and amend two acts, made in the twenty* first and twenty-eighth years of his late Majesty's reign, for encouraging the making of indico in the plantations in

merita j and for extending the provisions of an act of the thirtieth year of his late Majesty's reign, with respect to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods taka Since the late declaration of war with Spain, as relates to the encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in J-hter/td, and for explaining so much of an act, made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in, and for extending the same to the naval officers there, as relates to the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ad which was to continue in force from the fim day of August, on thousand seven hundred and seventy, for the term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parti-

tioned till ment, shall be, and the same is hereby farther continued from £wg. 1, »77+- the expiration thereof, until the first day of August, one thousand -seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the cod of the then next session of parliament.

CA9

147

x 77^0 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 57.

CAP. LVII.

An act to explain and amend so much of an all, made in the twenty fixtbyear of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the establishment of lazarets,

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of tie preamble.

reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled,

An act to oblige ships more effectually to perforin their quaran-*4Gt0,t tine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the* isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man) it is, (amongst other things) enacted, That whenever his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by aniwith the advice and consent of parliament, shalldireli houses or lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining of persons obliged to perform quarantine, or for the depositing, opening, and airing ojf goods and merchandises liable as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to erelt the same in such places, for fitch time as his Majesty shall judge necessary, for the purposes aforesaid, payinghuh rate, relit, or other confederation, as shall be agreed upon, or assessed and adjudged, in such manner as therein prescribed in that behalf: and whereas in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty a fium^-

was granted by parliament, not exceeding five thousand pounds, to- # 1

wards building a lazaret, but doubts have arisen, whether his Majesty is sufficiently enabled, by the powers in the fetid recited act contained, to contrail and agree for the absolute purchase of lands, messuages, tenements, and hereditament>, to be settled unalienably in the crown, for the purpose of making, ertiling, and establishing such lazarets \ be it therefore enacted by the King's 010ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affcm-bled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lords commissioners of his Majesty1* Lords of the treasury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of treasury to them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, on the be- purchase any^half of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, vcn1ent?y situ-and at all times hereafter, to treat, contract, and agree for the ated, for the absolute purchase or sale, release, or surrender, to or for the use purpose of the of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any estate or estates of inheritance, in any lands, messuages, tenements, and hereditaments, which they shall judge to be by their situation, and in other respects, convenient and fit for the purposes intended by this act, with the owner and owners of such respective estate or estates of inheritance, for stich sum or sums of money, or upon such other terms or conditions as they shall think fitting; and that upon the executing of such contracts or agreements, by or on the behalf of such owner or owners as aforesaid, or upon executing such other conveyances, assignments, releases, or surrenders, as in such contract or contrafts shall be agreed on for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commUfioners of the treasury now or for the time being, or - t*any

and so order payment to be made for such purchase.

The messuages so to be purchased to be verted in the crown} for eroding a lwuct*

Receipts of persons authored to receive the purebaie mo-siev. to be a Sufficient discharge to his Majesty.

Price bf such premises may be settled by a jury at the general quar* ur-sessions.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 57. [1772.

any three or more of them, of the lord high treasurer for the time being, and they are hereby impowered to order and dire# the payment of the said sum of five thousand pounds; and like-wife, in case that sum shall no be Aifhcient, then by and out of any monies arisen, or to arise to his Majesty, hi* heirs or sucessors, of or for any customs, Aibfidies, impositions, or other duties iipon the importation or exportation of any goods or merchandises whatsoever, already granted or payable, or here- after to be granted or payable to his Majesty, Bis heirs or fix-cessors, in Great Britain, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, to order and direct the payment of such sum or sums of money, from time to time, as shall be so contracted or agreed on for such purchase or purchases, to such person or penons as, according to the terms of such contrails or agreements, shall be intitkd to have and receive the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after such payment of the purchase-mo-ney to the person or persons so intitled to receive the same asa-foresaid, the several lands, messuages, tenements, hereditaments) and premises, in such contrails or agreements mentioned or comprised, or intended so to be, together with all rights, members, easements, and appurtenances whatsoever, to the same, or any part thereof, belonging and usually held and enjoyed therewith, shall be, and are hereby declared, to be, from time to time, unalienably vested in the crown, for the purpose of making, erelling, and establishing the re a lazaret or lazarets; and his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall for ever lure, hold, and enjoy the same, against such vendor and vendors re* speliively; and all and every person and persons, claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them, or any of them, freed and discharged of and from all former entails, and from all incumbrances whatsoever made or granted of the premises, or any part thereof; and the receipt or receipts of such person or persons, as shall be intitled or authorised to receive such purchase moncyas aforesaid, -under his or their hands respectively, testifying the payment of the same, or any part thereof, by the said of of the treasury, or such person or persons as they, or any three of them, shall order and direct to pay the same, shall be a fuftkient discharge to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for all such sum and sums of money as such receipt or receipts shall be given for: and his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said monies, notwithstanding any misapplication of the same, or any part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as often as any difference shall arise concerning such purchase, or the price or consideration between the said of of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, and the owner or owners of such lands, messuages, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforesaid, their guardians or trullets, (not

149

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 58.

(not being the dwelling-house of such owner or owners, or park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted walk, or avenue to such house), it shall and may be lawful for any one or more person or persons, to be appointed for that purpose by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, under his or their sign manual, and such person and persons are hereby authorised, thirty days a.t the Iealt before any general quarter-session of the peace to be held for the respective counties or divisions where such premises as aforesaid shall respectively lie, to give, or cause to be given, to such respedbve owner or owners, or to be left at their last places of abode respectively, a notice, in writing, describing the said premises, and purporting, that the price or consideration of such premises will be adjusted and settled by a jury at the said sessions; and the justices, at their said sessions, upon proof to them made of such notice or notices given, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to charge the jury which shall attend at the said sessions, or some other jury or twelve honest and substantial men, (to be then and there impanelled and returned by the sheriff of the county, without fee or reward), and cause to be sworn well and truly on their oaths, to assess the value of the premises comprised in such notices, and the price or consideration to be given for the same, to the respqdtive owner or owners thereof, according to their respective intefefts therein, which oath the said justices are hereby authorised and required to administer to the said jury, and to which said jury, the said person or persons so to be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the parties interested in such premises, shall hare their lawful challenges; and the said jury, being so sworn and charged as aforesaid, after proper evidence, on oath, given to them, shall, by t heir verdict, assess the price or consideration to be given for such premises to the respective owner or owners thereof, accord-i ng to their respective interests therein; which verdidb of the said jury, and judgement of the said justices thereupon, shall be concluuve, and finally bind all parties; and from and after such verdict and judgement, and paying such price or other consideration, the said premises shall veil in and be held by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in manner and for the purposes aforesaid.

CAP. LVIII. jin aS for the further encouragement of \the herring fishery on the coasts of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a doubt which has arisen with respeS to the allowing the bounties upon the British white herring fisheij, in the year one thour sand seven hundred and seventy one.

WHEREAS it is necessary that some further encouragement Should he given to the inhabitants of the Isle of Man, to engage in and carry on the herring fishery on the coafis thereof; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's raoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

' l 3 com-

Verdict of the jury, and judgement of justices, to be condofive.

[Preamble.]

t$o Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 58. [1772.

commons* in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-After Jane 14, thority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day 1772, any sort of June, oqe thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall c^Vt^and* lawful to import, and bring into any part of Gmt

curfd near the Britain, any sort of herrings caught upon the coasts of the Ifu Isle of Man, of Man, and cured there, upon payment of the duties herein-may be after mentioned; any law, cuttom, or usage, to the contrary Great Britain P<*withstanding; that is to say, for every barrel of white heron payment of Pngs, containing thirty two galions, three shillings and four-the duties pence, and for every thousand of red-herrings one shilling and mentioned, eight-pence, and after those rates for any greater or less quantities of such herrings respectively.

Herrings from

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, thelfleofMan That the duties which shall be charged upon such herrings, in same duties P^rfu*ncc of this adfc, shall be raised, levied, and recovered by as those such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, brought from and applied to the fyne uses and purposes, as are directed and Scotland.'prescribed by any former act or acts of parliament, which are now in force, respecting the duties upon fi(Ji brought or imported into England^ from that part of the united kingdom called Scotland; and the said herrings so imported from the Ip 9/M*, in pursuance of this act, dull, in all respects, be subje&aod liable to the same rules and regulations, as such herrings brought from Scotland are liable to by law, except in such cases where frny alteration is made by this a St.

Certificate to

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the pe brought by authority aforesaid, That the matter or other person, having the the S?p, e from c^ar8c of the f° importing such herrings, shall bring with the gover- him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant iior, &c. that governor, commander in chief, or-chief magistrates for the time the herrings being, that oath has been made before him or theipj in the thVcoatoof n Presence the office of the customs for the port or place where thelfleofMan5 such herrings shall be put on board, that the same vfmtmftit to be attested taken on the coatts of the Ijlt of Man, and cured there; which h in officer certificate or certificates shall also be attested by the Taid officer exoreffing the * the cu^oms» and express the number of barrels, and number of quantity of such herrings reifpedHvely, and the marks of the parrels, &c. package expressed in the bill or bills of lacting, with the name ", pr names, place or places of abode of such person or persons 2$

shall have made the oath herein-before directed, and wherea&d

to whom such herrings shall be consigned in Great Britain; and the matter or person taking charge of the ship or vessel importing the same shall also make oath before the collector or principal officer of the salt duties, at the port or place of importation |n Great Britain, that the said herrings are the same that were taken on board, by virtue of the said certificate or certificate,

!o to be produced; on failure whereof, or of any of the requiliitf lerein-before mentioned, the herrings shall be liable to the same duties, penalties, and forfeitures, as such herrings would hare been liable to by law, if this act had not been made.

JV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 0, 58. 151

Ths*t from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June9 one After June # thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and may be77*» inhabi-lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects, inhabiting and reflaing In the Isle of Many to export from thence, and import into any may export British colonies or plantations in America, in British ships or herrings to vessels, manned and navigated according to an act of parliament the Bntifo made in the twelfth year of the reign of Kine Charles thecolom€t* Second, (intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of»flipping and navigation) herrings caught and cured by them in the same manner as victuals of and from Ireland may be imported into the said colonies or plantations, by an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of the said King Charles the Second*

(intituled An act for the encouragement of trade >) any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Quantity of That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou- necessary sand seven hundred and seventy-two* it shall and may be lawful such hwrfn» for any fisherman inhabiting the Isle of Man % to load there, on may be loaded board any vessel or boat employed in the fishery on the coatts of on board any the said island, any quantity of salt which shall be sufficient and ^"d necessary for curing the cargo of barrings taken by such vessel jj*ing glvcn* or boat, bond being first given to his Majesty, his fyeirs and successors, with one sufficient surety besides the matter, to be approved of by the collector, or other principal officer of his Majesty's revenue at the port or place from whence such vessel

or boat shall depart, in the penalty of fifty pounds for every ton of salt which shall be so taken on board, with condition that the same shall be used only in the curing of such herrings, and shall not be landed in any part of Great Britain or tran shipped, or put on board any other ship or vessel j and on return of such vessel or boat from the fishery into any port or place in the said Isle of Man, the matter and one of the crew belonging to and employed on board such vessel or boat, during the whole voyage,

shall make oath before the collector, or other principal officer of his Majesty's revenue, at the nearest port where they shall arrive, (which oath such collector or other officer is hereby impowered and required to administer,) that the salt so laden in such vessel or boat (excepting such part thereof, as may remain unused on board) has been really and truly expended in curing the hefrings caught and taken by them, and that no part thereof had been landed in any part of Great Britain or transhipped, or put on board any other ship or vessel; which bond shall continue in force for one year from and after the completion of thfe voyage: and in case no fraud appears within that time, it shall and may be lawful for the receiver-general of his Majesty's revenue in the Isle of Man or his deputy, to direct the said bond to be cancelled and delivered up,

VI. And whereas by an act made in the twenty-third year of the Gto»s» reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act

for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery,) a

14 bounty

i$ % Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 58. [1772.

bounty of thirty shillings per ton was granted to the owners of such decked vessels as Should be fitted out and employed in the paid fishery, in the wanner, end under the severol regulations and restrictions, in the said act mentioned, to be paid yearly, during the {pace of fourteen Act* Gto*, years, from the commencement of the said at7, and no longer: end whereas by another all, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, (intituled An act for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fi/bery; find for giving further encouragement for the carrying an the said fishery; and for other purposes therein mentioned,) the said bounty was \continued for the further term of three years, to be computed imme-Act 30 Geo. it diately from and after the expiration of the term for which the same was granted as aforesaid: and whereas by another act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, (intituled An act for allowing a further bounty on vessels employed in the white herring fishery $ for giving liberty to alter the present form and size of the nets used in the said fishery $ and for other purposes therein mentioned,) it was, amongst other things, enactei,

That the said bounty of thirty shillings, by the said two several alls

granted and continued for the respective terms of years therein reffectively mentioned, Should cease, determine, and be it an end 5 and is lieu thereof, a bounty of fifty shillings per ton, on the vessels employed in the said fisheries, was granted for such term and terms of years, u be paid in such manner as the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton 5 G*0* 3* was by the said two several alls, or either of them, dir elled to be paid: and whereas by another act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for the further encouragement 01 the British white herring fishery,) it was, among/! other things, recited, That the terms fer which the said bounty was granted, would expire on the twenty-second day of October, one thousand fun hundred and sixty-seven; and, by toe said last mentioned ally it was also mailed. That the said bounty of fifty/hillings per ton, granted by the said act of the thirtieth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, Should be further continued fir the further term of four years, to U Act 11 Geo. 3. computed from and immediately after the expiration of the terms fit whiib the same was granted as aforesaid: and whereas by another act, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for the encouragement of the white herring fishery,) a bounty of thirty J, hillings per ton is to be paid annually, in the manner as in the said act is provided, to the owner or owners cf all decked vessels, from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which Jhcdl ts fitted out and employed in the said fisheries, in manner and under the regulations in the said hjl-receited act mentioned, for the /pace and.term of f even years, from and after the twenty-second day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas it was intended by the said last recited act. That the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton, thereby granted Should commence and take place immediately after tb? expire

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 5S. 15$

0* of the term for which the former bounty of fifty fallings per ton vas granted and continued by the several a£h herein-before recited:

\nd whereas several vessels have been fitted out and employed upon the ummer and winter fisherieSyfor the year one thousand seven hundred md seventy-one, upon a presumption that the bounty of fifty fallings ?er tony granted and continued by the before-recited act of the fifth year f his present Majesty, did not expire till the twenty second day of Jdtober, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, agreeably to 'he recital of the said afi; but doubts having arisen, whether the term f

f twenty-one years, for which the said bounty was first granted and continued, as herein-before mentioned, Should not have been computed -rrom the first day of the session of parliament, in the twenty-third year if the reign of his late Majesty, which began upon the sixteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and which term, from that date, by the alteration offile, expired on the twenty-seventh day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy; md, according to which compulation, the owners of the vessels so fitted out and employed in the fisheries for the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one are not entitled to any bounty: now, to obviate these doubts, and for the relief of the owners of such vessels as have been so fitted out and employedas aforesaid, it is hereby further Owners of enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owner or owners summerfifr-of such ships or vessels as were fitted out and employed in the f.771^ first or summer fishery, for the year one thousand seven hundred bounty^ <os* and seventy-one, shall be allowed a bounty of fifty shillings per p* ton*ton for such vessel so employed $ and the owner or owners of and owners of such ships or vessels as were fitted out and employed in the latter wintter^f, 'J or winter fishery, for the said year one thousand seven hundred j£wed J0g, and seventy-one, shall be allowed a bounty of thirty shillings ptr too. per ton, for such ships of vessels as were so fitted out and employed in that fishery: which said respective bounties hereby allowed shall be paid in the same manner as, and shall in all other respects be subject to all the restrictions and regulations which were directed and prescribed by the before-recited acts, or any other act of parliament, with respect to the former bounty of fifty shillings per ton, which was granted by the said recited act, made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign; any thing in the before-recited acts, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithstanding

*54

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 59.

[177a.

CAP. LIX.

An act for voting in Ins Majesty certain hereditaments at Richmond, in the county of Surrey, belonging to Catharine viscountess Fitzwilliam, and held by lease from the crown \ and for vesting the freehold and inheritance of pertain kafebold and copyhold hereditaments at Richmond aforesaid in trustees, and their heirs; in trust for the salt Catherine viscountess Fitzwilliam, as a part of the compensatbn for the same, and for other purposes thereto mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his late majesty King George the Second, by reciting let his letters patent, bearing date the twenty fourth, day of Ja-tfGboft* nuarY>ln the fifth year of his reign, granted and demised unto fir Matthew Decker, baronet, jince deceasedf, all that messuage or tene-. tnenf, sailed or known by the name of The Bakehouse at Richmond, in the county of Surrey, together with two gardens to the faii tenement belonging, one of which gardens is therein mentioned to be inchfcl with a brick wall, and to abut upon the northwefl side of a piece sf Iand or yard, then or late in the tenure or occupation of Grimes, widow \ and the other garden is therein mentioned to be za-tlofed with pales, and to adjoin to the aforesaid tenement then or late in the occupation of John Stevens, thentofore demised to him by Edward Villars esquire, for a term of years then expired; and olfi all that piece or parcel of land, orchard, or garden, with the appurtenances, containing by estimation one acre, or thereabouts, being or reputed to be, part of the park called Richmond Old Park, theretofore in the tenure of Gilbert Grimes, deceased, and then or late in the Occupation 0/wilIiam Beaumond, theretofore demised to bimbytbt said Edward Villars for a term of years then expired, with fra 1ay and passage to and from the said piece of land by and through tlx aforesaid yard, late in the occupation of the said Gilbert Grimes*and also all those three closes of land, or pafiure ground, situate at Richmond aforesaid, called Bentley Park, containing by ejlimdtisn twenty acres, more or left, parcel also of the aforesaid pari caSti Richmond Old Park, then late in the possession or occupation of fir Charles Hedges, knight, or his assigns: and also all those two tenements adjoining to the premises therein above mentioned and demifei, then or late in the possession of Rowland Corbett and William Watts, tenants at the will of the lord, by several yearly rents, amounting together to the sum of five pounds and fifteen shillings a year, together with a small building or Jlablt adjoining to the tenement of the said William Watts j and also all that small pita of land then lately recovered and inclosed by the aforesaid fir Charles Hedges knight, out of the wafie there, by the common consent of the inhabitants of*Richmond aforesaid, and the tenants of the manor there, abutting upon part of the premises there above demised towards the tafl upon a way leading from a place called Richmond Green to the river Thames towards the south, upon the faii river towards the west, oni

uses

r772*l Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 59.

upon the land or meadow then or late in the tenure of John Buck-worth toward* the north, together with all manner of appurtenances to the said premises belonging; all which premises are therein mentioned to have been demited by his late majesty King William the Third on the fourth day of March, in the thirteenth year of his reign % for a term of fifty years* at the relit of thirty-one pounds fifteen {billings5 and to have afterwards been demifid by his late majesty King George the First (0 the said fir Matthew Decker baronet* on the twenty fottrth day of September, in the fourth year of his reign* for a term ofsixteen years* from the fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty* at the same relit of thirty-one pounds fifteen /billings, to hold the said premises thereby demised to the said fir Matthew Decker, his executors* administrators* and assigns* from the fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-ftx, for and during the time and term of fourteen years from thenceforth next erfutng* yielding and paying the refore for the said prpmiUs the ancient yearly relit or sum of thirty-one pounds fifteen /billings* during the term thereby granted* as therein mentioned: and whereas the said fir Matthew Decker, by his lafi will and tefiament, bearing date the nineteenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven* after giving a legacy of five hundred pounds* gave* devised* and bequeathed all the rest of his estate* as well real as personal* unto his wife Henrietta Decker, her heirs* executors* and administrators* for ever, and appointed his said wife foie executrix of his said will* who duly proved the same in the prerogative court of the archbishop of Canterbury, on the twelfth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine: and whereas his said majesty* King George the Second* afterwards* by his litters patent* bearing date the fiventh day of November, in the twenty-fifth year of his reign* granted and demised unto the said dame Henrietta Decker all and ftngulor the messuage or tenement* lands* hereditaments* and premises* whichx in and by the said herein-befort recited Utters patent* were granted and demised to the said fir Matthew Decker, with their Upputtenances* to bold unto the said dame Henrietta Decker, her executors* administrators* and assigns* from the fourth day of March, which will come in the year of our Lori one thousand seven hundred and eighty* for and during the term and time of nineteen years and an half* from thenceforth next ensuing* yielding and paying the refore for the said premises the ancient yearly relit or sum of thirty-one pounds fifteen shillings, during the term thereby granted* as therein mentioned: and whereas* at a special court baron of his late majesty King George the Second* held for his manor of Richmond, otherwise West Sheene, on Friday the seventh day of July, its the twenty-third year of his said Majesty's reign* the said dame Henrietta Decker was duly admitted tenant to all that custoiqarj half afre of land* with the appurtenances* situate* lying* and being in a field called The Upper Field of Richmond of ore said* in a /hot called Marsh Furze ihot, adjoining on the eafi and wefi to land then late of Jones, gentleman* but then of

and also to all that customan capital messuage or tenement situate and being in Richmond aforesaid\ hear the green there* and for

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 59. [1772.

formerly in the possession of fir Charles Hedges knight, and then late in the possession of the said fir Matthew Decker, together with the euthouses, edifices, toacb-houseSyfiables, gardens, 004/ /A* appur-

tenances to the said messuage or tenement belonging or in any-wiji appertaining, formerly enjoyed therewith; 00S also to all that piece

or parcel of Iand> with the appurtenances, formerly part of the wqfie of the said manor, lying on the eafi angle of the garden wall* formerly ^William Finch, containing in length fourteen feet* or thereabouts9 and in breadth twelve feet, or thereabouts, to bold to the said dame Henrietta Decker, her heirs and assigns, for every at the will of the lord, according to the custom of the said manor, by fealty relit sf thirteen shillings and four pence Juit of court, and other Jservicey fifi due and of right accustomed; and at the same court the said terse Henrietta Decker surrendered the said copyholdpremifes> with their appurtenances, according to the custom of the said manor, to the use tf such person or personsiy and to and for such trujhy ufis9 intents, cud purposes9 asjbe Should, in and by her lafi will and tefiament9 in writings give, devifoy bequeath, dire ft, limit, or appoint, at the will of the lord, according to the custom of the said manor: and whereas the said dame Henrietta Decker being possessed of the said leasehold premises abtroe mentioned by the several letters patent and will above recited and referred to, and being also possessed of and intitled in fee to the said copy-hold or customary premifesy and having surrendered the same in manner aforesaid, duly made and publishea her lafi will and testanunty bearing date the thirteenth day of April., one thousand seven hundred and forty-niney whereby the gave and bequeathed ail her freehcldy apy-holdy leofeboldy andpersonalefiates unto her fin-in-law y the honourable John Talbot, and Gerard Van Neck esquire, their beirs9 executors, and administrators, upon trufiy to raise and pay thereout, the fiveral sums of money thereby directed; and in further trufiy to stand fiized and possessed of all the refi and residue of the said freehold, copyhddy leaseholdy andper final efiates, in trufiy for the file and separate use of her daughter Catharine Fitzwilliam, whofi directions, as jar as it concerned her Jharey the said tefiatrix desired her said trustees wstdd purfuty either in continuing or altering the situation her said fiveral efiates Should be in at the time of her deathy in such manner as & Should mofi approve 5 and the said tefiatrix did also exp refs her wid to be9 that tf her said daughter Should at any time be disposed to jre- fenty Jelly or dispose of to her husbandy the right honourable the lord viscount Fitzwilliam, or to any other person or persons, the whole y or any part of what the tefiatrix thereby gave unto her, that it Should be lawful for her said trustees > notwithstanding any thing in her said w: J contained, to transfer and assign the same upon request made to then by her said daughter, by any writing or writings under her handy 10 such person and persons, and for such efiates and inter efisy and in Jkch manner and form as her said daughter field appoint, and which writing or writings the said tefiatrix declared Should be to her trustee: a full discharge for their fi doing; and the said tefiatrix appdntt l her said daughter, the said Catharine viscountess Fitzwilliam, hr file executrix; and the said tefiatrix afterwardsy by a codicil to h* \ said willy made the ninth day of March, one thousand fiven bunds tb

7^-3 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 59.' 157

f jifty-twoy after taking notice that the said Gerard Van Neck s deady nominated and appointed John Page of Water Gate >use, in the county of Sussex, esquire, and John Daniel Dreyer London, merchant, in the room of the said Gerard Van Neck* tr-ujlees with the said John Talbot; and thereby did devise and jnceath unto them the said John Talbot, John Page, and John* artiel Dreyer, their heits, executors, and administrators, all her 'jeral estates in her said will mentioned, upon the several trusts in r said will set forthy and therein clfo gave several other pecuniary racics: and whereat the said dame Henrietta Decker died not long rter the making her said u/ill and cpdicily and the said Catharine '

'/counteft Fitzwilliam duly proved the same in the prerogative court r the archbishop of Canterbury, on the ninth day of May, one thou-xnd seven hundred and fifty-nine ': and whereas at a special court iron of his said late majesty King George the Second, for his said tarsor of Richmond, otherwise West Sheene, held on Saturday the vucnty-seventh dav of October, in the thirty-third year of the reign f his said Maje/y, the said John Page and John Daniel Dreyer the said John Talbot being then dead) were duly admitted tenants 0 all and fwgular the said copyhold or customary messuage or tenement\ andsy tenements, bmditaments, and premises, with their appurte-X2t2c£iy whereunto the said dame Henrietta Decker had been admitted is afcresaidy to hold the said premises, with the appurtenances, unto he said John Page and John Daniel Dreyer, their heirs and assigns, ror every at the will of the lord> according to the custom of the said manor y upon the trusts^ and to and for the ufts, intently and purposes9 in and by the said will and codicil of the said dame Henrietta Decker mentioned, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same: and whereas the said John Daniel Dreyer afterwards Hedy and the said John Page being then the surviving trustee under the said will and codicil of the said dame Henrietta Decker, and the several sums charged by her said will and codicil on her said estates having been paid and discharged, by indenture of three partly bearing date the tenth day of November, which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eighty and made between the said John Page of the first part; the right honourable Richard lord vif count Fitzwilliam, and the said Catharine lady viscountess Fitz-william his wifey of the second part; and Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, both of London, merchants, the font of the said John Daniel Dreyer deceased, of the third part; the said John Page, by the direction of the said Richard viscount Fitzwilliam and Catharine viscountess Fitzwilliam, did assign and set over all and singular the messuage or tcncment, lands, hereditaments, and premises, in and by the aforesaid recited letters patenty granted and demifedy with their appurtenances, unto the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the fons9 their executory Administrators, and assigns, for and during all the residue and remainder then to come of the aforesaid term of fourteen years, and for the whole of the said term of nineteen years and on halfy upon such and the same trujhy and to and for such and the same intents and purposes, as in and by the said will of the said dame Henrietta Decker are declared and expressed, of and

ton*

iS6

Anno duodecimo

formerly in the pojfiefif.on tffir C in the pofifefifton of the said fir Mi eutbeufies, edifices, toach-houfs, / tenantes to the said messuage or i appertaining, or formerly enjoy-. i'cr parcel of land, with the appurtn c f the said manor, lying on the cj'if William Finch, containing in /, and in breadth twelve feet, or the Henrietta Decker, her heirs and the lord, according to the enfiom of I thirteen fihillings and four pence Just due and cf right acchfilomed; and i Henrietta Decker fiurrendered the appurtenances, according to the eufiltm fiuch person or persont, and to and J.> purpofies, as fibe fihtuld, in and by her LJ give, devifie, bequeath, direct, limit, according to the cufiem of the/aid tru. Henrietta Decker being pofififfed of mentioned by the fiver a! tetters pater.u ferred to, and being also possessfied of cr hold or cn/hmary premiffs, and bavin, ner aforesaid, duly made and publsfih. bearing date the thirteenth day of Apr. and forty-nine, whereby fibe gave and I. hold, lejfckold, and perfional efiates ur.t: John Talbot, and Gerard Van Neck and administrators, upon trufil, to re.fi fiums of money thereby directied; and in and pofifijfed of all the rest tend rtfidve leasehold, and personal efiates, in trufil, j her daughter Catharine Fitzwilliam, eoncerned her fibere, the said tefiatrix purfte, either in continuing or alter in efiates should be in at the time of I c fihou'd rr.ofi approve j and the fat-I t'to be, that if her said daughter fin. sent, Jill, or difipofit of It her tuft vifieunt Fitzwilliam, or to am any part of tubal the tefiatrix- f lawful for her said tiufie/;, eon'-fined, to transfer and a by her fold daughter, by v fiuch person and perfions, ten

r said datobUr, exeentries-, ipw

9 I 4 to i

I w ill.

"UL.A

82?.* j:

mo GEORGII III. 0, 59; 159

mentioned, containing one acre and How the land* nner following; that is to say, on a[c hounded opyhold, messuage, and premifesj th the appurtenances, in the occu- Drcycr*. and in other part by the lane -een to the river Thorns$ on the fading from Richmond Green to he south-east cofner of the said mond Green northwards, three Light inches; on the north by orders of his Majesty, and of in the northern extremity of; the fceft, nine hundred and west by another line (already inning from the western ex* ary towards the south, sixty-aid lane which leads from; shall be, and the same are ceforth vest, remain, and be ind John Daniel Dreyer the r, to have and to hold the i John Daniel Dreyer, the ver, in free and common f Richmond, otherwise West e whatsoever.

the authority aforesaid. The rtfidne cveral leasehold premises, 0^ the lands herein-before recited, or m

res and an half, shall be, Majesty-

0 his Majesty, and shall m his Majesty, his heirs all estates, terms of years, whatsoever, of them the Greyer, the fons, or of the

1 of them, or of any other

by the authority aforesaid. Lands vested cs, lands, tenements, and

1 the said Maurice Dreyer^in the£. 1 heir heirs and assigns, as heirs, Sec, ad remain vested in them* the said sum of two thou-to be paid by his said Majes-liately upon the passing of this P? c vtT and John Daniel Dreyer,

in lt*3tv*ly after such payment there-i in the said Maurice Dreyer and, then* executors, adrainistrators, resp active mills, and to and for such re-1 'isrpose-s, Hid in such manner, for the L'ciieiit. and udpdal of the said Catbarin*

vif-

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. 0, 59. [1772.

formerly in tie possession of fir Charles Hedges knight, and then late in the possession of tie said fir Matthew Decker, together with the euthoufis, edifices, toach-houses, fiables, gardens, other the appur-

tenances to the said messuage or tenement belonging or in any-unfe appertaining,r formerly enjoyed therewith;* piece

or parcel of land* with the appurtenances, formerly part of the wafie of the said manor, lying on the eafi angle of the garden wall* formerly William Finch, containing in length fourteenfeet, or thereabouts, and in breadth twelve feet, or thereabouts, to bold to the said dame Henrietta Decker, her heirs and assigns, for ever, rf /A* it*/// the lord, according to the custom of the said manor, fealty relit of

thirteen shillings and four pence suit of court, and other service, first due and of right accustomed; and at the same court the said dam Henrietta Decker surrendered the said copyholdpremises, with their appurtenances, according to the custom of the said man or, to the use sf such person or persons, and to and for such trufis, uses, intents, and purposes, as Jbe shouldin and by her last will and tefiament, in writing, give, devise, bequeath, dire ft, limit, or appoint, at the will of the lord, according to the custom of the said manor: and whereas the said dame Henrietta Decker being possessed of the said leasehold premises cbxe mentioned by the fevered Utters patent and will above recited and referred to, and being also possessed of and intitled in fee to the said espj-hold or customary premises, and having furreniered the same in manner aforesaid, duly made and publifbea her lafi will and teflanunt, bearing date the thirteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, whereby Jbe gave and bequeathed all her freehold, apy-hola, leasehold, and per final efiates unto her fin-in-law, the honourable John Talbot, and Gerard Van Neck esquire, their heirs, executors,; and administrators, upon trufi, to raisi and pay thereout, the several j sums of money thereby dire sted; and in further trufi, to Jland seizei and possessed of all the refi and residue of the said freehold, copy fold, j leasehold, and personal efiates, in trufi, for the file and separat* ufief j her daughter Catharine Fitzwilliam, whofi directions, as jar as it j concerned her share, the said tefiatrix desired her said trustees would pursue, either in continuing or altering the situation her said several efiates Should be in at the time of her death, in such manner as & Should mofi approve; and the said tefiatrix did also express her will to be, that if her said daughter Should at any time be difpqfid to present, fell, or dispofi of to her husband, the right honourable the lord viscount Fitzwilliam, or to any other person or persons, the whole* or any part of what the tefiatrix thereby gave unto her, that it Should h, lawful for her said trustees, notwithstanding any thing in her said u contained, to transfer and assign the same upon request made to then by her said daughter, by any writing or writings under her hand, 10 such person and persons, and for such efiates and inter efis, and in such manner and form as her said daughter should appoint, and which writing or writings the said tefiatrix dcchred Should be to her trustees a full ilifehargs for their fi doing; and the said tefiatrix appoint: 1 her said daughter, the said Catharine viscountess Fitzwilliam, her file executrix; and the said tefiatrix afterwards, by a codicil to hs* said will, made the ninth day of March, one thousand seven bunds ti

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 59.' 157

d fifty-two, after fating notice that the said Gerard Van Neck as dead, nominated and appointed John Page of Water Gate 'ouse, in the county of Sussex, esquire, and John Daniel Dreyer r London, merchant, in the room of the said Gerard Van Neck*

-trustees with the said John Talbot; and thereby did devise and tqueath unto them the said John Talbot, John Page, and John*

)aniel Dreyer, their hettsy executors, and administratorsy all her 'veral efiates in her said will mentioned, upon the fever at trufis in er said will set forthy and therein dfo gave several other pecuniary gacies: and whereas the said dame Henrietta Decker died not long fter the mating her said wifi and cpdicil, and the said Catharine'ifcountess Fitzwilliam duly proved the same in the prerogative court f the archbishop of Canterbury, on the ninth day of May, one thou-md seven hundred and fifty-nine ': and whereas at a special court or on of his said late majesty King George the Second, for his said \anor of Richmond, otherwise West Sheene, held on Saturday the wenty-seventh dav of October, in the thirty-third year of the reign f his said Majesty, the said John Page and John Daniel Dreyer the said John Talbot being then dead) were duly admitted tenants ? all and singular the said copyhold or customary messuage or tenement9 indsy tenements, hereditaments, and premifesy with their appurte-ances, whereunto the said dame Henrietta Decker had been admitted s aforesaid, to held the said premifesy with the appurtenances, unto he said John Page and John Daniel Dreyer, their heirs and assigns, hr ever, at the will of the lord9 according to the eujlom of the said saner, upon the trufis* and to and for the ufts, intents, and purposts, n and by the said will and codicil of the said dame Henrietta Decker mentioned, expresscdy and declared, of and concerning the same: and vhereas the said John Daniel Dreyer afterwards died, and the said ohn Page being then the furvtving trustee under the said will and odicil of the said dame Henrietta Decker, and the several fumy barged by her said will and codicil on her said efiates having been aid and discharged, by indenture of three parts, bearing date the enth day of November, which was in the year of our Lord one boufand seven hundred and sixty- eight, and made between the said ohn Page of the first part; the right honourable Richard lord vif ount Fitzwilliam, and the said Catharine lady viscountess Fitz-villiam his wifey of the second part \ and Maurice Dreyer and [ohn Daniel Dreyer, both of London, merchants, the fens of the said John Daniel Dreyer deceased, of the third part; the said Johnage, by the direction of the said Richard viscount Fitzwilliam and Catharine viscountess Fitzwilliam, did assign end set over all and mgular the messuage or tenement, lands, hereditaments, and premifesy n and by the aforesaid recited letters patenty granted and demtfed, vith their appurtenances, unto the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the fonsy their executors, Administrators, and assigns, ror and during all the residue and remainder then to come of the aforesaid term of fourteen years, and for the whole of the said term of nineteen years and an half upon such and the same trufis, and to and for such and the same intents and purposes, as in and by the said will f the said dame Henrietta Decker are declared and expressed, of and

eon*

Anno duodecimo fesoRGii ill. c. 59. [1771.

morning the rest and rejiiue therein mentioned of her freehold, copy-bold, leasehold, and personal estates: and whereas at a general court leet and court baron of his present Majesty, held for the said manor of Richmond otherwise West Sheene, on Saturday the first day of April, which was.in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-mne, the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fins, were duly admitted upon the furrenier of the said John Page, to all and singular the said copyhold or customary snejfuage or tenement, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, with ther appurtenances, whereunto the said dame Henrietta Decker bad hem admitted as aforesaid, to hold the said prosodies, with their appurtenances, unto the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fins, their heirs and assigns, Jor ever, at the will rf the lard, according to the custom of the said manor, upon the trusts, used to and for the several uses, intently and ptttpofis, in and by the said tvillani codicil of the said dame Henrietta Decker mentioned, expressed, ani declared of and concerning the same: ani whereas it hath been agreed, try and on the behalf of the said Catharine viscountess Fitzwilliam, in consideration of tie sum of two thousand one hundred and fifty pounds, to be paid her by his most excellent Majesty, and of the enfranchisement and releaje herein after mentioned, that all assdfingular the said leasehold premises, except a certain part thereof, containing in quantity about one acre and an half, and herein after more particularly described, shall be surrendered up to and veflea inhis Majesty, ks heirs and fuueffirs, discharged of the said fevered terms for yean so granted thereof, as rtfor said, and of all other terms, inatskbrances, and demands; but the said agreement cannot be effectually efiabBJM and carried into execution without the authority of parliament ani whereas the payment of the said sum of two thousand one hundred and fifty pounds bath been secured to the satisfaction of the said lady viscountess Fitzwilliam, and of the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the Jons; be it therefore enacted by the Ring's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Customary parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That hU anc* Angular the copyhold or customary messuages, lands,

manor ofy tenements, hereditaments, and premises herein-before men* Richmond tioned and described, to which the said Maurice Dreyer and Jehn tenacted by Daniel Dreyer the fons were admitted tenants, as aforesaid, shall n* kc* an<* are hereby enfranchised, and shall from henceforth franebifed*11"^an<* remain in the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Drey-and freed of er, the Tons, their heirs and assigns, for ever, to hold onto them common foe- the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fons, their*&c* heirs and assigns, of his said Majesty's manor of Richmond, otherwise Weji Sheene, in free and common soccage freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted and exonerated of, from, and against all fines, heriots, customs, duties, or other tenures or services whatsoever, any law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a certain part of the said leasehold premises, comprised in the a letters

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 59: c9

ters patent herein-before mentioned, containing one acre and How the land* half) and bounded in manner following; that is to lay, on are bounded e south in part by the said copyhold, meuuage, and premises; other part by a messuage, with the appurtenances, in the occu- oreyen.* ition of Ewer, and in other part by the lane

hich leads from Richmond Green to the river Thame!; on the ill by fitch part of the lane leading from Richmond Green to 'ejl Sheene, as measures from the south-eall cofner of the said jpyhold premises next to Richmond Green northwards, three undred and seventeen feet and eight inches; on the north by line (already staked out by the orders of his Majesty, and of ic said viscountess) running from the northern extremity of ic said eallern boundary towards the West, nine hundred and steen feet, and six inches; on the west by another line (already; aked out in manner aforesaid) running from the western ex-remity of the said northern boundary towards the south, sixty-ive feet, and terminating in the said lane which leads from Richmond Green to the river Thames; shall be, and the same are lereby released, and shall from henceforth vest, remain, and be n and to the Cud Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer the Tons, their heirs and alsigns, for ever, to have and to hold the Tame to the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the Tons, their heirs and alsigns, for ever, in free and common soccage of his Majesty's said manor of Richmond, otherwise West Sheene, and by no other relit or llervice whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The refidoe That all the rest and residue of the several leasehold premises, comprised in the several letters patents herein-before recited, or referred to, and containing eighteen acres and an half, shall be, and the lame ate hereby surrendered to his Majesty, and shall from henceforth vest, remain, and be in his Majesty, his heira and successors, freed and discharged of all estates, terms of years, or other interests, claims, or demands whatsoever, of them the Taid Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fons, or of the said lord and lady Fitzwilliam, or either of them, or of any other person whatlcfever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and singular the said messuages, lands, tenements, and inx li7' hereditaments, hereby vested in them the said Maurice Dreyer ed aijo in their and John Daniel Dreyer, the fons, their heirs and alsigns, as heirs, &c. aforesaid, shall from henceforth be and remain vested in them, their heirs and alsigns; and also that the said sum of two thousand one hundred and fifty pounds, to be paid by his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, immediately upon the passing of this act, to -them the said Maurice Dreyer and John Daniel Dreyer, the fons, shall, from and immediately after such payment there-of, be and remain vested in them the said Maurice Dreyer and John Darnel Dreyer, the lbns? their executors, administrators, and alsigns, upon such respective trusts, and to and for such re-(peftive uses, intents, and purposes, and in such manner, for the

kit and separate vie, benefit, rad.dispobl of the said Catharine

vif-

64 Anno duodecimo GSoRCix IIL c. 60. [1772.

viscountess Fitzwilliam, is in and by the aforesaid will of the said dame Henrietta Deeker is and are directed, declared, and expressfed, of and concerning the rest and refldue of the freehold and personal estate of the said dame Henrietta Decker, by her said will and codicil devised and bequeathed to the trustees therein named, for the benefit of the said Catharine viscountess Fitzwilliam her daughter or as near thereto as eircutnstances will admit of.

CAP. LX.

An act for granting a drawback of peart of the eufkams open the exportation of tea to Ireland, ami toe British dominions in America; for altering the drawback upon foreign /i-gars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continue ing the bounty on the exportation of BnuQi-mada cordagej for allowing the importation of rice from the British plantations into the ports of Bristol, Liverpool^ Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for immediate exportation to foreign parts; and to empower the chief magistrate of any corporation to admhtifter the oath, and grant the certificate required by laWy upon the removal of certain goods to London, which have been sent into the country for faU.

per pound weight upon all black and finglo teas confuxned in Great Britairiy and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Irelaniy and the British dominions in America^ fat a limited time, upon such indemnificationto be made in respect thereof by the East India Company as is therein mentioned; for permitting the exportation of teas, in ftrtaller quantities than one lot, to Ireland, or the said dominions in America; and for preventing teas, seized and condemned, from being continued in Great Britaiffy) upon the exportation of tea into Ireland, and ih British plantations in America, from this kingdom, will cease on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and Jseventy-two: And whereas it may tend to promote and entouroge the importation of tc: into Ireland, and the British colonies and plantations in America, from this kingdom^ and prevent the illicit trade carried on with foreigners for that commodity, if a draw lack of part of the cufieez paid here was allowed upon the exportation thereof to these place: ^art^ from Tnay* therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and July, 5, 1771, 'be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with a drawback the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and of three-fifth commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-ofcustomito* thority of the same, That for and during the space of five yean, be allowed on to be computed from and after the fifth day of Jttly % one thou-teas exported sand seven hundred and seventy-two, there shall be drawn back

u> Ireland or and allowed for all teas which shall be sold after the said firth Amenca.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6o»

ay of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, af ic publick rale of the united company of merchants of England acting to the East Indies, or which after that time shall be im-orted by licence, in pursuance of an act of parliament made in le eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King Georg* ie Second, (intituled An 4ft for repealing the present inland duty rfour fallings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain* nd for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties, in lieu hereof \ and for better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of xctfe\ and for pursuing offenders out of one county into another;,) nd which mall be exported from this kingdom as merchandize o Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plantations in Ante-ica9 three-fifth parts of the several duties of customs which were »aid upon the importation of such teas; which drawback or al-owance, with respect to such tea* as shall be exported to /r*- and, shall be made to the exporter in such manner, and under uch rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as* iny drawback or allowance is now payable out of the duty of: ustoms upon the exportation of foreign goods to Ireland5 and with respect to such teas as shall be exported to the British colonies and plantations in America, the said drawback or allowance shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance, payable out of the duty of custoiqs upon foreign goods exported to foreign parts, was, could, or might be made, before the pairing of this act, (except in such cases as are otherwise provided for by this act.)

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Drawback not authority aforesaid, That the drawback allowed by this act shall |fn^p°r.*not be paid or allowed for any teas which shall not be exported font to act directly from the warehouse or warehouses wherein the same shall 10 Geo. I.

be lodged, pursuant to the directions of an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and the before-receited act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second*

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After Jlf 5*

That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand tea

seven hundred and seventy-two, no tea shall be exported, or la- to Ireland, &c. den on board any ship or vessel in order to be exported, to the kingdom of Ireland, or to any of the British colonies or planta-.

tiens in America, in any ship of less burthen than eighty tons, j"f, burthen nor in any chest, calk, tub, or package whatsoever, other than than 80 tons, that in which it was Originally imported into Great Britain, nor &c. in any less quantity than the whole and entire quantity contained in any chert, calk, tub, or package, in which the same was sold at the publick sale of the said East India company, or in UI}<*er penalty which the same was imported by licence, as aforesaid, under the^such tea2 penalty of the forfeiture of such tea, and the package containing andrtie pack-the same, of the value thereof. age,

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any merchant, or other person, shall enter any tea

Vot.XXX. M for

162 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 60. [1771.

Merchants for exportation to Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plan-entering tea tations in America, in order to obtain the drawback allowed by America! and a^> an<* tca ^all* carried to any other part or place landing it in beyond the seas, and landed there) then, and in every such case, other ports, the drawback paid, or to be paid for the same, shall be forfeit-to forfeit the^an(| ghc exporter of such tea, and the matter of the ship or and treble' VC&1 on board which the same was loaden and exported, and the value of every person concerned or affitting in the exportation, or land-the cargo. ing of the said tea, whether any drawback hath been or is to be paid for the same or not, shall forfeit treble the value of such tet Manner of V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thu prosecutions. the several penalties and forfeitures, as well specifick as pecuniary, by this act inflicted, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wtf, mtnjier, by action, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of his Majesty's attorney-general, or in the name or names of same officer or officers of the custotns, in such and the like manner and form, and by the same rules and regulations, as other penalties and forfeitures for offences against the laws relating to the customs may, by any act or acts of parliament now in race, be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered; and that one moiety of every such penalty and forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall inform and prosecute for the same. After July 5,

VI. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the sixth ster 177s, no part of the reign of his late majesty King George the 8econiy intituled An ffbfd °fcall ^or kctter securing and encouraging the trade of his Ma-

be repaid, for jc^y's *gar colonies in America, and other acts of parliament uttich fugan the ore now in forcey no fort of sugars can be imported into the kingbi

growth of ^Ireland, but such only as shall be fairly and bona fide leaden ed

foreign calo- flipped in Great Britain, and earned direfffy from thence in flip*c, # navigated according to law: And whereas sugars, the growth and m-

nufallure of foreign plantations, not under the dominion of Us Ah-jejtyi exported from this kingdom to Ireland, do draw back all tkh-ties paid down or secured upon the importation of such sugars, exup one half of the old subsidy % amounting only to one shilling and ten-and sixteen-twentieth parts of a penny, per hundred weight \ and it will tend to promote the exportation o/British sugars from this tiq-dm to Ireland, and improve and increase the trade of Us Majests sugar colonies, if the whole of the old subsidywas retained upon ibt exportation of foreign sugars to Ireland from this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after tbi fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, no part of the rate or duty commonly called TheOldSubfidyi shall be repaid or drawn back for any sugars, the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any foreign colony or plantation, not under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or for any fa-gars, which are to be deemed and taken to be foreign sugars, bj any act or adis of parliament now in force, which shall be exported from this kingdom to Ireland, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.So. 163

VII. And whereas by an act, made in the fxth year of the reign Bounty also* of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for allowing a bounty on 11 ib conmiued the exportation of British-nxo&t cordage; and for discontinuing*y^u the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported,) a bounty was

granted upon the exportation of Uritish-made cordage, under certain limitations and restrictions in the said act mentioned; which bounty will cease and determine at the end of this present session of par\ia- ment: And whereas it is expedient toot the said bounty should be continued under some further restrictions; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said bounty allowed by the fata recited act, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, for the further term of three years, under the Several regulations and restrictions herein after provided and expressed.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by No bounty the authority aforesaid, That no bounty shall be allowed or paid allowed for by virtue of this act for any cordage, which shall he exported,

or entered for exportation, to any part of Asia3 Africa, or Ameri* America, oc cay the Isle of Many or the ill?nds of Faro or Ferro; and that, in- the Me of Head of the oath required by the before recited act to be made Man# by the exporter or manufacturer of such cordage, on the entry or debenture such exporter or manufacturer shall Twear, that the said cordage is of British manufacture, and made from hemp import* ed from foreign parts, or from hemp of the growth of Great,

Britain, and not from hemp of the growth or produce of the British colonies or plantations in America; and that the same U really and truly exported, or intended to be exported to, and landed in some foreign part of Europe, as expressed in the entry, by way of merchandise, and not for the use of the ship in her voyage, nor relanded, nor intended to be relanded, in any part of Great Britain, or landed, or intended to be landed, in Asia,

Africa, or America, the Isle of Many or the islands of Faro or Ferro.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That, in all other re- Regulations spests, the several regulations, restrictions, securities, penalties,nd restric-and forfeitures, mentioned and prescribed in and by the said re-

cited aft, shall extend and be applied to cordage exported in pur- to'to fuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and cordag* ex-purposes, as if the several clauses relative thereto had been re- ported in pur* peated and again enacted in this present act. fujnee of this

X. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, ThatT from and after the passing of this act, the like liberty which is of^ importing granted by an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his pre- rice from 5 sent Majesty, (intituled An act for more effectually securing and America, by encouraging the trade of his Majesty's American dominions; for re- aft 5 Geo. III. pealing the inland duty on toffee imposed by an act made in the thirty-

second year of his late majesty King George the Second, and for granting an inland duty on all coffee imported, (except coffee of the growth of the British dominions in America;,) for altering the bounties and drawbacks upon sugars exported; for repealing part of an act made in the twenty-third year of his said late whereby bar iron, made

M2 iu

164 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 60. [1772.

in the said dominions* was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or tarried coo/hvife\ and for regulating the fees of the officers of the customs in the said dominions*) to import rice from any of the British plantations in America, into the port of Plymouth* and several other ports of this kingdom in the said act mentioned, for immediate exportation into foreign parts, upon payment of one extended to half of the old subsidy, shall be extended to the ports of Brifld, Bristol, Liver-; Liverpool, Lancaster* and Whitehaven* under the same rules, re-poole, Lancaf-gUjatjons> and restrictions, in all respects, as are prescribed and Whiteoaven. directed by the said recited act, with respect to rice so imported .'into the several ports in the said act particularly mentioned.

Oath requir-

XI. And whereas by an act* made in the ninth year of the reign of cd by act his present Majesty, (intituled An act for better securing the da-9 Geo. III. ties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out-pom, <and other places, to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's customs in the province of Senegambia in Africa- for allowing to the receivers-general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quicksets, in forests, chaces, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods* in forests and chaces; and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of barley called Bigg from the port of Kirkwall, in the islands of Orkney*) it is \amongst other things) enabled* That if any foreign bast* or Jlraw* chip, caney or horse hair hats or bonnets* foreign platting* or other for ago manufacture of bast* Jlraw* chip, cane* or horse hair, proper for making of hats or bonnets, Succus Li quantise, commonly called Spanish Juice, of foreign produce or manufacture, foreign Jnuff* Nanquin cloth* muftin* foreign callico* foreign dimity* or China earthen-wort, exceeding the quantities therein respectively mentioned, shall have ban. imported or seised within the port of London, and font from theta to any out-port for sale* such goods shall not be removed from any out-port into the port of London, or the members thereof or to any place whatsoever within the disiance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, without a certificate from the colleger* or other, proper officer of his Majesty's customs, at or near eft to the port or plan

from whence such goods are intended to be removed* certifying that tee owner or proprietor of such goods hath made oath before him that the find goods, and every part thereof had been sent to such owner or proprietor from London for foie* in the lawful way of trade* referring to the time when, with the name and residence of the person from whom such goods were sent, and that such owner or proprietor verify believed the duties payable upon the importation of such goods had been duh paid and satisfied, or that the said goods bad been before compounded for or condemned 5 and that the said certificate Jbail express the quantity and quality of the said goods with the marks of the package thereof* to what places* and to whom the same are coqsigned* and by what carriage the same are intended to be removed 5 and if the said goods are removed by land* the said certificate shall also express and limit tie time for which the fame/ball continue in force; and whereas such goods are frequently feat frorq London for sale to several inland parts of

thit

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 60. i

this kingdom, very disiant and remote from any out-port or place where any collector, or other officer of the customs is rcfidenty and the proprietors of such goods cannot, without great inconvenience and expence, make the proof and obtain the certificate required by the said recited act upon the return of such goods: now, for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July y one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any of the said goods, exceeding the quantities in the before recited aci mentioned, which shall have been imported or seised within the port of London, and sent from thence into the country for sale, shall be afterwards removed by land from any place in this kingdom, which shall exceed the distance of five miles from any port or place where any custom-house is established, or any collector or other officer of the customs shall reside, in order, and with an intent, te be brought into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to any place whatsoever within the difiance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange of London, the said oath byt'he* required by the said recited act shall and may be administered chief magi, by the chief magistrate of any corporation at or nearefi to the strate of any place from whence such goods are intended to be removed, who corporation* is hereby authorised and required to administer the same, and to grant a certificate thereof, in the form and to the effect required by the said recited act, under his hand, and the publick seal of such corporation; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Ftofetares of authority aforesaid, That the several forfeitures, pains, and pen- toc«civd alties, inflicted and incurred by the said recited act upon the re- to xnoval of any such goods, without the certificate therein directed, or falsely making oath to any of the facts by the said act required to be sworn, or for counterfeiting, rasing, or falsifying any such certificate, or for knowingly or willingly shaking use of any such certificate so counterfeited, rased, altered, or falsified,

shall extend to this act, and be in full force against every perfoq who shall act contrary thereto, in as full and ample manner as if the same had been again particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act*

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, tin; defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the

general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence General issue. at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be non-suited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as Treble cod* defendants have in other cases by law.

M3

[Preamble.]

Mo perftms to jsanufacture gunpowder, except in mills where it is carrying on at the passing hereof*

without a licence for that purpose.

No person hereafter to use a Pestle Mill.

Not exceeding 49 lb, to be made at any time under a single pair of mill (tones.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 61. [1772.

CAP. LXL'

An act to regulate the makings keeping y and carriage of gunpowder, within Great Britain and to repeal the laws hen-t of ore made for any of those purposes.

WHEREAS the manufacture of gunpowder within Grez Britain, though necessary to he encouraged in resptft of i-. value of gunpowder, as an article of defence and commerce, jet oe?h to be regulated by law, in order to prevent the great mischiefs may arise from explofons occafmed by the improper conjiruftiou &i nfe of the mills, engines, and buildings, employed in the making of gr*-powdery and for keeping and carrying gunpowder in too great tities, or in an improper manner: and whereas the act pqffed in ? lajf J'ejfton of parliament, intituled An act for reducing into one» of parliament the several laws relating to the keeping and arriage of gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing mli chiefs, by keeping or carrying gunpowder in too great quarni-ties, contains no provision for regulating the making of gttnpewdr, and is in other respects defeftivey on which account it may be estez: -nient to repeal the said act, andy in the room thereof \ to have a err law for regulating, as well the making as the keeping and carriage d gunpowder \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excelfet majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritts1 and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament atffcm-bled, and by the authority of the same, That no person or persons shall use, or cause to be used any mill or mills, or other engine or engines, for the making of gunpowder, or ir> any ma-ner manufacture gunpowder in any place or places within Grai Britain, except in mills and other places where the mranufaftare of gunpowder shall be actually carrying on at the time of the commencement of this act, or where it shall afterwards becom: lawful to carry on such manufacture, by obtaining a licence for that purpose, under the provisions herein after contained, upen pain of forfeiting all gunpowder manufactured contrary to the aforesaid provision, and also two shillings for every pound of such gunpowder.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever shall, for the making of gunpowder, employ, work, or use, any mill or engine, worked with a pestle or pestles, and commonly called a Pejlle Milly upon pain of forfeiting all gunpowder manufactured therein, and also two shillings for every pound of such gunpowder.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever shall, in or with any mill or engine used for the making of gunpowder, make or cause to be made, at any one time under any single pair of mill stones, any quantity of gunpowder, or materials to be made into gunpowder, exceeding forty pounds, upon pain of forfeiting all gunpowder so made at one time, and exceeding the said quantity of forty pounds, and also two shillings for every pound of such gunpowder.

JV. Pro-

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6r. 167

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- No person H-

rity aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be liable to any cutLn°fSr°tC* prosecution under this act, for using any pcftle mill or mills in ufirtg peftic the making of gunpowder, or for making above the quantity of mills, See. till forty pounds of gunpowder at a time, under every Angle pair ofonc after

mill (tones in any one mill, till after the expiration of one year ^ent oftS^ from the time of the commencement of this act. a*

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the author- Nothing here* rity aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, in to extend or be construed to extend, to the powder mills at this time*?^ "^ reded in the parishes of Rattle* CrmbwJl* Seddiefcomb, and crowburst, Brede, in the county of Sussex* to far as relates to the making Seddelicomb, such fine fowling gunpowder only, as is known and distinguish" and Brede. ed by the name of Batik powder.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Net exceeding no person or persons whatsoever shall dry, or cause to be dried, 49«v/. to be at any one time, in any one (love or place, used for the drying at 0110 of gunpowder, any quantity of gunpowder exceeding forty hun- u

dred weight, upon pain of forfeiting all gunpowder above the said Quantity of forty hundred weight, and the sum of two (hill* ings for every pound of such gunpowder

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No greater

That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever

to keep in any corning*house, drying-house, dufting-house, or immediate other place, used for or in the making of gunpowder, or in any oft to be building adjoining or belonging thereto, (except magazines or kept in any store houses constructed with stone or brick, and situate fifty drying-house, yards at lead from the gunpowder mill or mills,) any greater

quantity of gunpowder than shall be necessary for the immediate work then carrying on in such coming-house, drying-house, dufting-house, or other place used for or in the making of gun- powder, upon pain of forfeiting all the gunpowder kept above such necessary quantity, and the sum of two shillings for every pound of such gunpowder.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Sufficient ma-That all and every person or persons, keeping or using any g*z*n rc-mill or mills, or other engine or engines, for the making of Sc^iSS^o gunpowder, shall, besides the magazine or magazines, and (lore- be provided § houses, near their mills, have or provide a good and futiicient magazine or magazines, remote from their respective mills, for the purpose of receiving and safe-keeping all the gunpowder made at such mill or mills, as soon as the same can, from time to time, be conveniently removed thereto, (which last mentioned magazine or magazines shall be well and substantially built with brick or stone, near the river Thames, and below Blaciwall, or in some other convenient place to be licensed by the justices of the peace, in manner herein after mentioned,) upon pain that os penalty of, all and every person or persons making gunpowder, without5I-per min-having such magazine or magazines remote from their mills, or month such other places of making gunpowder, shall forfeit the sum of twen- magazine ty-five pounds for every month during which such person or shall be want-m 4 persons

No prosecutions for last penalty to take place* till one year from the com-snencement thereof.

No charcoal to be kept within so yards of any mill.

16S Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 61. {177

persons shall pnake gunpowder without having such magazine or magazines, and the sum of five pounds for every day during which he, she, or they (not being hindered by firefs of weather, or other just impediment) shall wilfully neglect or delay removing, with due diligence, the gunpowder made at such mill or mills, from thence, or from the magazine or magazines, and storehouses adjoining thereto, to the magazine or magazines so to be situate remote from the mill.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no maker or makers of gunpowder shall be liable to any prosecution under this act, for not having a magi* gine or magazines remote from their respective gunpowder mill or mills, till after the expiration of one year, from the time of the commencement of this aIt.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of gunpowder, who shall keep, or permit to be kept, any charcoal within twenty yards of any mill or mills, or other engine or engines, for making gunpowder, or of any drying, corning, or dufting-house, or magazine or store-house thereto belonging, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every week during which such charcoal shall be so kept.

Dealers not to

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, keep more That no person or persons shall have or keep, at any one time, than00lb. of being a dealer or dealers in gunpowder, more than two hundred gunpowder, p0urujs Of gunpowder; and not being such, more than fifty at one time* pOUn<jg Of gUnp0W(jcrj any house, mill, magazine, storehouse, warehouse, (hop, cellar, yard, wharf, or other building or place, occupied by the same person or persons, (all buildings and places adjoining to each other, and occupied together, being to be deemed one house or place within this act,) or on any river or other water, (except in carriages loading or unloading or passing on the land, or in ships, boats, or vessels, loading or unloacting, or passing on any river, or other water, or detained there by the tide or bad weather,) within the following limits; (that is to say,) within the cities of London or Westminster> or within three miles of either of them, or within any city, borough, or market town of Great Britain, or one mile of the same, or within two miles of any palace or house of residence of his present Majesty, his heirs or successors, or of her present majesty thp Queen, or any Queen confort, or dowager, or within two miles of any gunpowder magazine, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or foe-cessors, or within half of a mile of any parish church, or in any other part of Great Britain, (except in mills or other places which at the commencement of this act shall be used for the making of gunpowder, and the magazines, storehouses, and offices thereto adjoining and belonging, and in the places where it shall be lawful to make gunpowder, or to keep greater or unlimited quantities.of gunpowder, by force of the provisions here-ip-after contained,) on pain of forfeiting all the gunpowder beyond the quantity hereby allowed to be kept, and the barrels in which

Magazine*

pled before the commencement hereof ex-

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6l. 169

tiich such gunpowder shall be; and also two shillings for every >und of gunpowder beyond such allowed quantity.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- 3°°lb* of lority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any per- £££*[ ?t3r >n or persons to keep, for the use of any mine or colhery, any the Q£* uantity of gunpowder, not exceeding three hundred pounds mines, eight, in any magazine or warehouse, so as such magazine or rarehouse be within two hundred yards of the respective mino

r colliery for the use of which such gunpowder shall be kept, nd also that such magazine or warehouse be not within any of he limits herein-before particularly described.

XIII. And whereas it may be necessary to have same places appoint-

dy in which it may be lawful to ere ft new mills* or other engines* for for construd-laking gunpowder* with proper magazines and offices adjoining the re- ing new mills. 9y and to have magazines for beeping unlimited quantities of gunpow-!fr in places where there are no mills* be it therefore enacted, That t shall be lawful for the justices of the peace for each county,

>r other division, within Great Britain, at their general quarter eflions of the peace, upon application made to them by any >erson or persons, (such person or persons having given notice n writing of the intention to make such application, as also of he place or places proposed for such purposes respectively, fourteen days before making it, to an overseer or churchwarden of the parish or place in which it is proposed to ered or make any such new mill, and offices or magazine, or of an adjoining parish, if the place shall be extraparochial; which overseer or churchwarden is hereby required to cause such notice to be pub* lickly read on the Sunday next ensuing, in the parish church af-».ter divine service,) from time to time, to licence the erecting or having such mills for making gunpowder, and proper offices adjoining thereto, or such magazines for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder in such places not being within London or Westminster* or any other limits within Great Britain* herein-before particularly described*

XIV. And whereas it would be proper that the determination ^Proceedings the said court of quarter-sessions* on any such application*Should not heJVe- final* but that any person or persons who shall be refufid such licence or appointment by the said court of quarter sessions* Should have an of- fions to King's portunity of bringing his or their case before the court of King's Bench. Bench, in order that the said court may finally hear and determine the fame\ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every case where the said court of quarter-sessions shall, on such application made as aforesaid, refuse to licence any such new mills and magazines for making and keeping gunpowder, or to appoint pieces of ground for magazines of gunpowder, remote from any mills, it shall be lawful for all persons who may think themselves aggrieved by such refusal, to apply to such court of quarter-sessions, for a special case thereupon; and the justices then present shall, and are hereby required, to certify the special circumstances of the case in quest'on, together with the proofs offered for and against the application, in order that the said case

and

7©

FJo pfrfon liable to pay any penalty, till six months after an adjudication by the justices.

ju(Vices to appoint proper ground for erecting magazines.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6l.

[1772.

and proceedings may.be removed, by writ of Certiorari, into the court of King's Bttub \ and the said justices shall, and they are hereby required, in their return to such writ of Certiorari to state such special case, to the end that the £iid court of Brgj Bench may judge of the real merits thereof; and if upon the whole matter it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said court of King's Bench, that the justices ought not to have tefufed the said licence or appointment, then, and in such case, the hid court shall have power, and is hereby directed to make an order up the said justices to grant such licence, or make such appointment, without any fresh application, at their next general qmr-ter-sessions of the peace and the costs, to be incurted by reak of such writ of Certiorari, shall be awarded according to the discretion of the said court of King's Bench.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be liable to pay any penalty or prosecution under this act, for, keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder, without such licence of the justices, in any magazine apart and remote from any gunpowder mill, and already built and used for that purpose, in any place not being within London and

fler % and the other limits within Great Britain herein before particularly described, until the expiration of six calendar months, after an adjudication by the justices of the peace for the county or other division, in which any such magazine shall be, at their general quarter-sessions of the peace, that the same is dangerous; it being hereby declared that they shall not have authority to make any such adjudication, except on complaint made to then of any such magazine, by same house-holder of the parish or place in which the magazine shall be, and after due fumtnons of the owner or owners of the magazine complained of, to ao*| fwer such complaint; and after such examination on oath of the witnesses produced, to support or invalidate such complaint; and also that no person shall be liable, at any time, to any penalty or prosecution whatsoever, for keeping unlimited quantities of gunpowder, without such licence of the justices of the peace, it any magazine eretfted by appointment of the justices of the peace, under the power given to them by any of the former acts regulating the keeping and carriage of gunpowder.

XVI. And whereas by this act the maters of gunpowder tinil It liable to penalties for not having magazines remote from their mil % and in some cases they may not be able to agree for the purthjt if pieces of ground proper for such magazines 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace for each county or other division, within Great Britain, shall, on application made to them, at their general quarter-sessions of the peace, by any maker or makers of gunpowder, from time to time, appoint proper and convenient pieces of ground, (not being within London or Westminster, or any other limits of Great Britain, herein-before particularly described, and not exceeding one acre in any one place,) with the use of convenient roads thereto, on which pieces so to be appointed* such makers of gun-

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6l. 171

owder may erect magazines for keeping gunpowder in any

[uantity, after, having agreed with the owners of such grounds

or the purchase of the same; and if any such owner shall not

gree, or by reason of any impediment cannot so agree, such

ustices (ha)i issue a warrant to the sheriff of the county, or other

officer having return of writs within their jurisdiction, to im-

>anel and return before them, at such times and places as shall

>e appointed by such warrant, a sufficient jury, who, upon their

>aths, to be administered by the said justices, shall enquire into

he true value of the said pieces of ground, with the use of such

onvenient roads thereto, and their verdicts shall be kept with

he records of the said sessions respectively; and the judgement Judgement of

of the said justices thereon shall be final and condusive to all justices to be

parties: and for that end the said justices shall have power to

end for any persons interested, and to examine any parties or

titneftes upon oath; and the Turns of money so to be assessed and

djudged not exceeding thirty years purchase, shall be paid to

he owners of the said ground, according to their respective in-

erects therein, in such proportions as shall be adjudged by the

aid justices; and upon such payment, or in case of renifal to ac-

ept the money, then upon leaving the same with the justices,

ar the benefit of the owners, the inheritante of the said ground,

nd the use of the said roads thereto, shall be vested in the pur*

barers thereof, their heirs and assigns* for the purpose afore*

aid, and not otherwise.

XVII. And whereas leases or agreemints for leases may have been

tade of magazines or other plates for keeping gunpowder, and, in con- void former \quence of this act, it may become unlawful to keep unlimited quanti- lease* or ies gu npoivder in Jlme of such magazines or places; be it therefore agreements, nacted, That in every such case it shall and may be lawful for he lefiee or tenant of any such magazine or place for keeping; unpowder, to make void any such lease or agreement, upon on giving; iving three calendar months notice in writing to the leflor or three months twner of such magazine or place, of the desire of the tenant to to tiic lave such lease or agreement determined, and upon paying toIeffor* jeh leiTor or owner all rents and sums of money which mail ecome due for the same, to the time of determination limited such notice, and upon performing all covenants and agree* icnts on the part of the lessee or tenant to that time.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or per- No greater >ns shall have or convey at any one time within Great Britain ity tobe lore than twenty-five barrels of gunpowder, in any waggon, {jn^tiroe* art, or other carriage by land, or more than two hundred bar. than

: ls of gunpowder, in any barge, boar, or other vessel by water, rels, by land, except in vessels with gunpowder imported from, or to be ex- and not ex-orted to, any place beyond the sea, or going coastwise,) and all ^rrehfby00 unpowder conveyed on land or water, (except in such vessels water# y: >r importation or exportation of gunpowder, or going coast* dfe,) shall be in barrels close joined and hooped, without any on about them, and so secured that no part of the gunpowder

be

No gunpowder to be loacted, till that condemned be unloaded.

Persons smoaking on board vessels loaded with powder to lorieit 5l.

Anno duodecimo Georcti III. c. 6t.

[1772.*

be fcatterod in the passage j and each barrel shall contain no more than one hundred pounds of gunpowder; and when conveyed by land shall be entirely inclosed in a leather bag, or a bag commonly called A. Salt Petre Bag; and every carriage in which gunpowder shall be conveyed by land, shall have a com* pleat covering of wood, painted doth, tarpaulin, or wadmill tilts, over all the gunpowder therein contained: and also no gunpow* der shall be conveyed in any barge, boat, or other vessel by water, (except in vessels with gunpowder imported, or to be exported in manner aforesaid, or going coastwise,) that hath not a dote deck; and as soon as any gunpowder is put on board such vessel, all such gunpowder shall be covered with raw hides or tarpaulins; and all gunpowder, which shall be carried or conveyed, (except in such vessels with gunpowder for importation or exportation as aforesaid, or going coastwise,) within any pan of Great Britain, in greater, quantity, or in other manner than is herein-before prescribed, and the barrels in which such gunpowder shall be, may be seized by any person or persons who shall have the same authority to remove such gunpowder and barrels, and to use for that purpose, during the space of twenty-four hours after seizure, the carriage or vessel in which such gunpowder shall be seized, and the tackling, beads, and accoutrements belonging thereto, on the terms of paying a recompence for the use thereof; and to detain such gunpowder and barrels as is herein after given to persons searching under a warrant of a justice of the peace; and such seizure shall be for his, her, or their own use, on conviction of the offender or offenders.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any barge, boat, or vessel, having stale, condemned, or returned gunpowder on board, arrives at the wharf, key, or other place where the same is intended to be landed, no person or persons shall begin to unload, or shall bring down to such wharf, key, or other place, with intent to load in such vessel any other gunpowder, until the whole, or a part of such stale, condemned, or returned gunpowder, be first unloaded and carried away from such whan, key, or other place of landing; and after such unloading and carrying away of part of such gunpowder, no person or persons shall begin to load, or shall so bring down, with intent to load, any greater quantity of other gunpowder than the part unloaded and carried away, on pain of forfeiting all such gunpowder as shall be so brought down or loaded contrary to the aforesaid provision,

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, having the care or management of any barge, boat, or other vessel whatsoever, (except ships or vessels with gunpowder on board imported from, or to be exported to places beyond sea, or going coastwise), loaded with gunpowder, or any other person on board the same, shall bring, have, or use, or permit any person or persons to bring, have, or use any charcoal or other combustible matter, or any fire or

lighted

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 61. 173

; Hted candle, or shall smoak, or wittingly permit any person > fenoak, on board the same, all and every such person and per-ns shall forfeit the sum of five pounds*

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 01. penalty 'liat no person or persons having the care of any waggon, cart, for person*

r other carriage, used for the conveyance of gunpowder by land, 2mefinload-iall, after beginning to place or load therein any quantity of fog oMjJoad"-unpowder, or beginning to unload the same thereout, (lop or fog powder by ray at any place of loacting, or in the loading or unloacting, fuf- land or water sr any longer time to pass than with the use of ail due diligence carriage-nail be reasonably necessary for the purpose of loading or unfading; and no person or persons having the charge or care of ny barge, boat, or other vessel used for the conveyance of gunpowder by water, except in the case of vessels loading for impor-ation or exportation of gunpowder to or from places beyond ea, or going coastwise), shall, after beginning to load or un-oad anyjquantity of gunpowder, flop or (lay at any wharf, key,

>r other place of loacting, or in the loading or unloading thereof suffer any longer time to pass than with the use of all due liligence shall be reasonably necessary for the purpose of load-ng or unloacting, not exceeding eighteeen hours, unless hin-lered by the weather; and every such barge, boat, or vessel,

[except such vessels as aforesaid), naving so compleated her load-ng, shall depart from the place of loading on her course the Eirft ensuing tide, unless hindered by (Irefs of weather, or other just impediment; and no person shall load, take in, carry, or tonvey, in any waggon, cart, or other land carriage laden with gunpowder, or in any barge, boat, or vessel laden with gunpowder, on any river, (except in the case of vessels laden with gunpowder for importation from, or exportation to, places beyond sea, or going coastwise), any other lading of any kind whatsoever; and all and every person and persons offending against any of the aforesaid provisions for loading and unloacting,

shall, for each offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- protifion

thority aforesaid, That none of the aforesaid provisions for, or mention'd to relative to, the conveyance of gunpowder, or the loading or extend to unloading thereof, shall extend to any other waggon, cart, or olhcrJarn-land-carriage, or any other barge, boat, or vessel, than such as ^ofe* laden shall be loaded with, or employed in, conveying a quantity of with gun-gunpowder exceeding one hundred pounds weight. powder.

XXIII. And, for the more easy iifeovery of the making, keeping, and to \fm

carriage of gunpowder contrary to the provisions herein-before made, lue a warrant be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justice of to search for the peace of any county, or other division within Great Britain, Pov*der made in which gunpowder is suspected to be made, kept, or carried,

contrary to this all, on demand made, and a reasonable cause

aCsigned upon oath by any person or persons, to issue a warrant or warrants, under his hand and sea), for searching, in the daytime, any house, mill, magazine, (lorehouse, warehouse, (hop, cellar, yard, wharf, or other place, or ?ny carriage, ship, boat,

or -

*74

remove it.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 61. [1771.

or vessel, in which such gunpowder is suspected to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this act; and that all gunpowder found upon such search to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this act, and also the gunpowder barrels, shall be immedi* ^archers to ^1 ately (eiz^ed by the searcher or searchers, who shall, with all they find! and convenient speed after the seizure, remove such gunpowder, and the barrels in which it shall be, to such proper places as they, in conformity to the restrictions of this act, shall think &: airi in the case of any such gunpowder seized in any carriage or vii> fel, may use for the purpose of removal, during the space of twenty-four hours after seizure, such carriage or vessel, with tbt tackling, beads, and accoutrements belonging thereto, (payieg afterwards to the owner or owners thereof a sufficient recompence for the use thereof, to be settled by the justices before whom the complaint shall be beard, after the seizure j and ia case of nonpayment, immediately after settlement by such juices, to he recoverable by distress and sale of the parties goods and chattels, as is herein after directed concerning the pecuniary penalties of this act); and may detain such gunpowder, and the barrels in which it shall be, till it shall be adjudged, on a bearing before any two or more such justices, whether the use shall be forfeited; and such searcher or searchers, fcizer or fa* shall not be liable to any suit for such detainer, or for an;

Seizers not liable to damage occasioned by detainer.

zers.

Regulation

the river Thames.

loss of or damage which may happen to the said gunpowder or barrels, other than by the wilful acts or negleds of them, <x the persons with whom they shall intrust the keeping thereof.

XXIV. And, for security of the great number of shipi and vtjth foHecurity of lying in the river Thames, and of the dock yards, wharfs, endbud-the veflcU in ings> Qft the fides of the Thames above Blackwall, be it further

enacted, That no master or commander of any ship or other vessel lying in the Thames, and outward bound, shall receive, or permit to be received, on board any such ship or vessel more than twenty-five pounds of gunpowder, (except for the King's service) before the arrival of such ship or vessel at, over-againi, or below Blackwall; and that the master or commander of every ship or vessel coming into the river Thames, shall (except in the case of gunpowder for the King's service) put on (bore in proper places, in conformity to the restrictions of this act, all the gunpowder on board such ship or vessel above the quantity of twenty-five pounds, either before the arrival of such (hiper vessel at Blackwall, or within twenty-four hours, (if the weather shall permit), after coming tp an anchor there, or to the place of unloading the re, and shall not afterwards have on board more than twenty-five pounds of gunpowder, (except for the King's service), on pain of forfeiting, for every offence, in any of the said cases, all the gunpowder found on board above the weight of twenty-five pounds, and the barrels in which such gunpowder shall be, and also two shillings for every pound d gunpowder above the quantity of twenty-five pounds.

XXV. And % for tbt better difedvery of tnajlers or cmmmdm tj inward or outward-bound ships, who shall have gunpowder in tier

fp

Master, warden, &c. of

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. $t: 175

/hips or vejfth in the Thames contrary to this <7/7, be it further en- the Trinity acted, That the mailer, warden, and aiTiilants of the corpora- Hou(e to aP* tien of the Trinity House of Deptford Sfrond, in the county of carc n Kent, for the time being, shall, from time to time, appoint one or more person or persons, a searcher or searchers for unlawful quantities of gunpowder in ships or other vessels in the river Thames* which person or persons, so appointed, are hereby authorised, at any time between funrifing and funsetting, to enter any ship or vessel (except his Majesty's ships) in the river Thames above Blackwall, and to searchthe same for unlawful quantities of gunpowder, and also shall have the same powers of seizing, removing to proper places, and detaining all such unlawful quantities of gunpowder found on board any such ship or vessel, and the barrels in which such gunpowder shall be, as are herein before given to persons searching for unlawful quantities of gunpowder under a warrant of a justice of the peace.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties created Penalties and

by this a<S, shall be recoverable before two or more justices of forfeitures the peace for the county or other division in which the offence how to* shall be committed, on proof of the offence, by the oath or oaths and of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of pp

the offender; and one moiety of each penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers prosecutine for the same; and where the penalty shall be pecuniary, in cate of nonpayment, it shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant und£r-the hands and seals of such junices; and the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent, by such justices, to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six months, nor left than three months, as such justices shall think most proper.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be prosecution to liable to any prosecution for any offence against this act, unless be commenc-such prosecution shall be commenced within fourteen days after within 14 seizure of the gunpowder, or commission of the offence, where jlV*after there shall not be any seizure; and that if any suit or atSion shall<lzure#

be prosecuted in England, against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this all, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act, or the special matter, in

evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same General, ic» was done by authority of this act; and if a verdiU shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their allion or actions, after issue joined, or if on demurrer, or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like Treble costs, remedy for the same, as any defendants have by law in other cases. 2

17 6

Limitation of actions.

Not to extend to mills to be created on his Majesty's lands, See. nor to those now erected.

Not to extend to hinder unlimited quantities to be conveyed from ships below Black* wall*

The act to commence on July i, 177*.

Act n Geo. j, See. hereby repealed.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 62. [1772.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, and prosecutions, to be commenced in England* against any person or persons, for any thing to be done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fact was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fast committed, and not otherwise.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act shall not extend, or be any ways construed to extend, to any mills or other buildings erested, or which may hereafter be erested, for the purpose of making gunpowder, in any lands belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or to the keep, ing of gunpowder at any storehouse or magazine belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or to hinder the trial ot gunpowder byhis Majesty's officers, as is usual, for the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or to the keeping of'gun-power at the magazines now erected for that purpose of Bari-ing, Creekfmouib, in the county of Essex* and Erith Lruel, in the county of Kent* or to the keeping of gunpowder at the magazines or storehouses now erected near Liverpooli, in the county of Lancaster* or the city of Bristol* or to the carriage of gunpowder, to or from the King's magazines, under a special and express order of the King's board of ordnance; such order to contain the quantity of gunpowder so to be carried, and the time for which such order shall be in force*or to the carri^e of gunpowder with forces on their march, or with the militia, during their annual exercise; or which shall be font for the use of such forces or militia.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further ensured* That this present act shall not extend to hinder any person or persons from carrying or conveying an unlimited quantity of gunpowder, in such close-decked vessels, and manner as herein-before is directed, from any ships or vessels lying below Blackwall* to any of the magazines for gunpowder, so situate below Blatkwati, or from such magazines to any ships or vessels lying below Blod-tvally and going to any place beyond sea, or coastwise.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall commence, and begin to be in force, on the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and from and immediately after the commencement thereof, an act made in the last session of this present parliament, (intituled An act for reducing into one act of parliament the several laws relaxing to the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, and for the mart effectually preventing mischiefs, by keeping or carrying gunpowder in ta great quantities)* and all former Statutes, so far as they relate to the keeping and carriage of gunpowder, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. LXII.

An act to enable the lord bifhbp of Durham, and his successors, to raise i competent Aim of money, to be applied for the repairing, improving.«rebuilding, such part ot Tyne Bridge as belongs to the fee of DnrtiaiB.

77^-3 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 63.

*77

CAP. LXIII.

aff for redeeming tine million five hundred thousand pound} of the capital flocks of three pounds per centum annuities* in the manner* and on the terms therein mentioned \ and for establishing a lott&y.

Aloft gracious Sovereign*

1X7 E your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Preambta Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being persuaded that lotting would more effectually tend to the advancement of the publick ndit* and to the general interest of the kingdom* than if, from time 0 time* provision Should be made for applying to the diminution of the unional debt all such sums of money as shall not be immediately wanted ror defraying the necessary publick expenses* have resolved* that any Hrfon or persons* bodies politick or corporate* possessed of interested in* r inthled unto any annuities, being part of the capital or joint stock f three pounds per centum annuities* consolidated by several acts of Parliament made in the twenty-fifth* twenty-eighth* twenty-ninth* birtj-second* and thirty third years of the reign of his late Moyeftp ing George the Second* and several subsequent acts* which were mie payable and transferable at the bank 3/* England, or of the an-1vitits consolidated by the acts made in the twenty-fifth year of the eign of his said late Majesty King George the Second\ and the fifth \tar of the reign of his present Majesty* called Reduced Annuities, ilfo payable and transferable at the bank (/England; or of certain free pounds per centum annuities, which are payable and transfer-'able at the South Sea house* collect Old South Sea Annuities, and Vew South Sea Annuites; or of three pounds per centum annul-its* payable in respect of two millions one hundred thousand poundsi ranted by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his aid late Majesty King George the Second* for the service of the year ne thousand seven hundred and fifty-one- who* on or before the fif-ecntb day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and 'tfore the sum subscribed shall amount to the sum of one million five wtdred thousand pounds* shall subscribe their names* or signify thetr onfent to accept* in lieu of their interest in any part of the said prin-

wfo

ipal or capital stock jlanding in their names* and in full Jatisfoflion nd discharge thereof* the sum of ninety pounds in money for every one rndred pounds thereof* and in that proportion for any greater or left 'm or sums* composing one or more entire sum or sums of one hundred ounds* fifty pounds* or twenty-five pounds* of such principal or canal flock* one moiety thereof to be paid on or before the fifteenth day f July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two* and the other Sjdjfcrjbert witty thereof on or before the twentieth day of October, one thou- ^joolcapU and seven hundred and seventy-two* together with the interest due on til stock, bo* be whole capital stock so subscribed to the fifth day of July, one thou- inthled to and seven hundred and seventy-two* shall for every one hundred four ^cketl m mnds principal or capital stock as aforesaid so subscribed* be entitled ^o^Toft0 0 have and to receive four tickets in a lottery* to consist ofsixty thou- 60, oooo tick-and tickets, at the rate of twelve pounds ten/billings for each ticket, cts.atul.ios. Vox. XXX. N (Weach.

178

Anno duodecimo Georou 111. c. 63- ^1771

(and in that proportion for any greater or left firm), the said tidiu to he paid for in manner following, [that is to Jay), That every perjn Subscribert in or persons, bodies politick or corporate, so subscribing or signifying respect of each her, or their consent as aforesaids shall, on or before the fifteenth k ticket to cjj May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, make a dtpp Jjt*of by°* of one pound in respect of the money to be paid for each ticket, tu May 15/177* j securUy for making the future payments to the cashiers of the hti; '

England, on or before the times herein after limited; [that is tijq\ and ray in for an<* xn respect. ef every such ticket, two pounds, on or before tie'respect of each nineteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fcvtntyt\ ticket, a I. by the further sum of three pounds, on or before the twenty-semi in j June 19$ July, then next following; the further sum of three pounds, cnsr'k-3l. by July ax; jori the twenty-first day of August, then next following \ end tit 3l. byAug.115further sum of three pounds ten shillings, on or before the fetsniiq and 3 L 10 s.' of October then next following: That upon such payments being t& by October a, pitted % tickets shall be delivered as soon as the same can be prepares I77 % ' the persons intitled thereto: That the sum of six hundred thufal

pounds shall be distributed into prizes, for the benefit of the propriety into prizes % of fortunate tickets in the said lottery $ which prizes/ball befd to be paid at at °fEngland, in money, to such proprietors, upenimud,

the bank, by on the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ftvaq-Marchi, i77*. three, or as soon after as certificates can be prepared, without anyk duftion whatfatver: and that all the monies to be receiwdby tbt jd cashiers shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, ttbt applied, from time to time, to such firvices as shall then ban ka voted by the houft of commons y in this fifjion of parliament; wide* ry person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, so possessed of, itir reflectin, or intitled untoy any of the said annuitusy and so subjaik ing as aforesaid, shall have a certificate from the said cashiers tf th governor and company of the bank ^England, of the amount efu* principal or capital stock by them respectively subscribei, and of £ such sum and sums of money, as hey Jbe, or they, shall be intitlcl u receive, in confxderation of such their subscription \ and in lieu ssi in d 'tfcharge of his, her, or their capital stock so subscribed: attity certifioite* to holders or bearers offitch certificates shall be paid at the bank of hi belaid*at* the ^an<^ fiveralfums of money expressid in such certificates, togetbensxi

bank of Eng- interest, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, a its land the sum* capital stock so subsetibed in the manner, and at the times, herein-btfsi expressed, and.that, upon payment of such sum or sums of money, withfi

of 31. percent. interest\ the whole of the principal or capital stock Jo subscribed, jtfi for aim, stand discharged and be annihilated; and the annuity payable in uj$

thereofJball, from the said fifth day of July, one thousand sevents*' dred and fiventy-two, cease and be extinguished: and whereas tz following sums have, in pursuance of the aforegoing resolution, kn subscribed in books opened at the bank ^England; that is ts k The sum of seven hundred and thirty-two thousand nine hundred ft seventy-five pounds, part of the capital or joint stock of three pm* per centum annuities consolidated, by fiveral alls of parliament, i, she twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty ninth, thirtyfeconi, at thirty-third years of the reign of his late Majesty King George w lifeond, and several subsequent acts which wore made payable ir

*79

177*-} Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. £3.

ransferr able at the bank of England, the sum of three hundred nd eighteen thousand three hundred pounds, part of the capital or nnt Jiock of annuities tonfolidated, by the acts of the twenty-fifth and wentyfixth years of the reign of his said late Majesty King George be Seconds, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty y oiled Reduced Annuities, also payable and transferrable there, of he several three pounds per centum annuities, payable and transferable at the South Sea House, the sum of one hundred and ninety-our thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, part of the joint stock of Id South Sea annuities, the sum of one hundred and seventyfiie housand three hundred and twenty-five pounds, part of the joint stock f mu South Sea annuities, and the sum of seventy-eight ihoufani m hundred and fifty pounds, part of the joint stock of annuities, \ranted by an act of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said ate Majesty; which several sums so subscribed, amount together, in hi whole, to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds: We your Majesty's most faithful commons do therefore most lumbly beseech your Majesty that it ma^ be enacted 5 and be it mailed by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the tdvice and confenr of the lords spiritual and temporal, and rommons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-: hority of the same, That all and every person and persons, bo* lies politick and corporate, who have subscribed their names, )r signified their consent to accept of the terms afore mentioned, ball have and receive, from the cashier or caftiiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, in respect of such Turns subscribed as are parts of the joint stocks of annuities, pay* ible and transferrable there, and from the cashier, or aocomp-lant-general of the company of merchants of Great Britain trad-ng to the South Sets* and other parts of America, and for eti-rouraging the fishery commonly called the South Sea Company, or such parts of the several joint stocks of annuities as are payable and transferrable at the South Sea House; a certificate or cer ificates, distinguishing the sum or sums subscribed by him, her, >r them respectively, and also distinguishing of which of the said spirals or joint stocks afore-mentioned the same is, or are a >art or parts, and what sum or sums of money, he, she, or bey, is or are intitled to receive for the same, according to the )roportion of ninety pounds in money, for every one hundred rounds of such stock or capital so subscribed as aforesaid; which rertificate or certificates the said cashiers or accomptant-general s and are hereby authorised and required to make out, and de-iver to the proprietor or proprietors of such stock so subscribed, >r to such person or persons, as he, she, or they, shall by writ-ng under his, her, or their hand or hands, order and direS to eceive the same, without any fee, reward, or gratuity whatso-iver; and the sum so contained or expressed in such certificate or certificates to he in lieu of such stock lb subscribed as aforesaid, shall be paid and payable to such subscriber, or to the holder or )earer thereof, (such certificate or certificates being first indorsed >y the proprietqs or proprietors of the same), in manner follow-

a x ingi

j8o

Treasury to apply a sum sufficient to discharge one moiety, which subscribers are to receive

by Ju>y

*77*

Remaining moiety to be paid before Oct.o, 1771,

' Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 63. [1772.

ing; (that is to say), one moiety or half part of the sum to which such subscriber is intitled on or before the fifteenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and the remaining moiety on or before the twentieth day of October then next followingj the lame to be paid at the bank of England^ the South Sea house respectively, without any deduction or abate* ment whatsoever; and such certificates shall not be charged with any stamp duties; any law or Statute to the contnry notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, (hill, and he or they are hereby authorised and re* quired, to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, out of all or any of the aids or supplies granted in this session of part ament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, unto the governor and company of the bank of England, the sum of four hundred seventy-three thousand fe-venty-three pounds, and fifteen shillings, to be by them distri* buted and applied to pay off and discharge one moiety of all the several sums of money, amounting to nine hundred forty-six thousand one hundred and forty-seven pounds, ten shilling which the several subscribers as aforesaid are intitled to receive, on on before the said fifteenth day of July, one thousand fewa hundred and seventy-two, in lieu and satisfaction of their it* spedlive capitals or (lock subscribed, and which were payable at the bank of England and South Sea house respectively; and aUb to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, unto the M governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery (commonly called The South Sea Company) the sum of two hundred and one thousand nine hundred twemy-fiij pounds and five shillings, out of any of the said aids or supplies, granted as aforesaid, to be by themdistributed and applied onor before the said fifteenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to pay off and discharge one moiety of all tit several sums of money, amounting to four hundred and three thousand eight hundred and fifty-two pounds, ten shillings which such of the several subscribers as aforesaid are entitled a receive, in lieu and satisfaction of their respective capitals (locks subscribed, as were payable at the South Sea house: and the said of of his Majesty's treasury, or any threes more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three a more of the commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, are also authorised and required to pay, or cause to be paid, the further sum of four hundred and seventy three thousand seventy* three pounds and fifteen shillings, to the said governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them issued and applkc in full discharge and satisfaction of the remaining moiety da and payable to the said subscribers, or the holders or bearers i

liit

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6$.181

>c certificates aforesaid, on or before the said twentieth day of Wober> one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, to com-lete the whole Aim of nine hundred and forty-six thousand ne hundred and forty-seven pounds, ten shillings, payable lere; and the sum of two hundred and one thousand nine undred and twenty-six pounds and five shillings, to the said mb Sea company, to be in like manner by them paid and pplied in fulldischarge and satisfaction of the remaining moiety ue and payable to the several subscribers, or the holders or earers of certificates made out at the South Sea house, payable n the said twentieth day of October, one thousand seven hun-red and seventy-two, to complete the wjiolp sum of four hun-red three thousand eight hundred and fifty-two pounds, ten idlings, payable at the South Sea house as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Bpk totranf. overnor and company of the bank of England shall cause an ex-n*& ft lift, properly attested, to be transmitted to the said South Sea fow intided" impany, of all the several.persons, bodies politick, and corpo- to the 3 per ite, possessed of, interested in, or intitled unto, the several cent, annui-iree pounds per centum annuities, payable and transferable attics*

le South Sea house, called Old South Sea Annuities New South ta Annuities and annuities granted by an act of parliament of !ie twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty King ieorge the Second, who have subscribed their names, or signi-ed their consent, in the books opened at the bank of England,

) accept of the terms and conditions contained in the refolu-on aforesaid, in order that the stock so subscribed may be discharged in the several books of the said South Sea company; and i order to enable the officers there, to make forth such certifi-ates as are herein directed to be made out, in lieu and satisfac-on of such annuities respectively; and the said governor and ompany of the bank of England, and the said South Sea com-any are hereby authorised, directed, and required, to discharge he several principal sums, parts of the capitals or joint flocks ibferibed as aforesaid, in order that the same may be totally ank and annihilated; and the annuities payable in respect of lie same, and all allowances or charges for management thereof, may, from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun-Ired and seventy-two, wholly cease and be extinguished.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Subscribers several persons, bodies politick or corporate, who have subscribed intitled to re-heir names, or signified their consent to accept of the terms and annuity Caftef onditions in the resolution aforesaid, shall be intitled' to, and the rate of*hall continue to have and receive, for and in respect of their 31, per cent* irincipal or stock so subscribed, their annuity or interest, after peranum.

he rate of three pounds per centum per annum^ to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and no onger.

V. And whereas the annuities consolidated, by the afis of the iwen- Payment of y-fifth and twenty sixth years of the reign of his late Malejly King out quarter's ieorge the Second> and of the fifth year of the reign of his present an?u, <2 bJl

N Majestyiordered by

i8z

treasury to be made to July 5-77*.

Annuities payable, to itand ledeem-cd} and after July s»77*» to ceale.

fersons forg ing certificates, to be adjudged mlty of fe-ny.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6$.

[1772.

Majesty, which are payable at the bank of England, and also the annuities payable at the South Sea boufey called Old South Sea Annuities, are directei to be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April, and the tenth day of October, in every year; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer.i or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to issue his or their warrant for the payment of one quarter's sr, -nuity or interest, for and in respect of the principal or stock subscribed of the said annuities, consolidated by the said acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the fifth year of the rettn of his present Majesty, at the bank of England, to the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, cut of the funds applicable to the payment of the same, according to the several acts of parliament for granting those respective annuities, together with charges of management for the same time, ^ny aor acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any-wise notwithstanding. And the said South Sea company are also hereby authorised, directed, and required, to pay one quarter's"annuity for and in respect of the several principal sums subserhd as aforesaid, being part of the joint stock of old South Sea annuities, to the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, at the same time, and in the same manner, js other annuities due and payable on the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, are directed to bz paid; any act or acts of parliament, or any custom or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the several annuities payable in respect of the principal sums subscribe:

- as aforesaid, amounting in the whole to one million five hundred thousand pounds, shall stand redeemed; and, together with the charges of management for the same, shall, from r-after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundrelj and seventy-two, ceaie, determine, and be no longer paid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or caus or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly act <r\ aftift in the forging of counterfeiting any certificate or certificate:, order or orders, made forth by virtue of this present act, or 2: ter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter, vend, hanr. or dispose of any such false, altered, forged, or counterfeit certificate or certificates, order or orders, or shall bring any fV: i forged or counterfeit certificate or order, or any such certificate or order, the number whereof, or any figure or word there': shall have been altered (knowing the same to be such) to ir: said cashier or cashiers, or accomptant-general of the bank ct England, or to the cashier or accomptant-general of the Sr/' Sea company respectively for the time being; then, and in evj such case, all and every such person or persons^ being the re: -.'

CPC*

1*3

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 63.'

tonvicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and hall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of dergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Subscribers to Thar the several persons and bodies politick or corporate, who receive at the have subscribed their names, or signified their conient to accept

of the terms and conditions in the aforegoing resolution men- every tool, tioned, shall have and receive, at the bank of England, tickets in the*lottery herein established, in the proportion of four tickets for every one hundred pounds capital stock so subscribed as aforesaid, upon payment to the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England of twelve pounds ten shillings for each ticket, at the times, and in the manner, here-in-before mentioned,

IX. Provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall give Cashiers to security to the good liking of any three or more of the commis- give securitief sioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, missionemi for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's the treasury, exchequer, for the publick use, all the monies which he or they for paying the hath or have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from monies into time to time, by virtue of this act, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in him and them*

reposed; and shall, from time to time, pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same, in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof; deducing the reout such fuins as shall be allowed to the said cashier or cashiers for their labour, pains, and service, in pursuance of this act, for which sums allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Treasury to it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the of "PP^hcjno-of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to issue f/rvices voted and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money as shall this session. be fopaid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the said

cashier or cashiers, to such Cervices as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this pretent session of parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 1°

the sum of six hundred thousand pounds shall be dividednt0 imo^ri^cs-prizes, to be drawn in the said lottery, in such manner as is by

this act appointed and directed j which said sum of six hundred thousand pounds shall be payable out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this session of parliament, in such manner as

is herein after mentioned; and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby required and authorised, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand or hands, to cause the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds to be i(sued and paid, out of the said aids or supplies, to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them distributed and

N 4 paid

1*4

and paid into the bank, out of the supplies granted this session.

dumber of the fortunate tickets, and the Turns, to be printed.

Disputes relating hereto, to be adjusted by the managers.

Penalty for forging, &c. tickets, or' certificates.

felony.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 63.

[177*.

paid to, and amongst the respective proprietors of the seventl fortunate tickets, in <he manner herein after mentioned and directed, as Toon as certificates can be made out for the sums due in respect of the same.

Managers and directors of the lottery to he appointed by the treafery. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the caQuera of the bank, tabbing a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undif-poled tickets, with an account of the monies paid in ttndisposed tickets te be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with Glk j and cut off indeutwife into m box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up and sealed. Book* to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60, 000 tickets to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 10001, to each of the ft fir it-drawn tickets, and 1000 L to the last-drawn. Ticket* of the otter-most columns of the last mentioned book to be rolled up and tied. Publick notice to J>e given of patting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 16 Nov. 177*. Method to be observed in drawing, ku

XII. Andy to the end the fortunate may know, whether abfnt $r presenty to what decree they lave been so % be it enacted, That the said managers shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the said drawing is over, cause to be printed and published the number of the tickets drawn against each fortunate ticket, and the principal sum written on the same; and if any contention or dispute shall arise in the adjusting the property of the said fortunate tickets, the major part of the said managers agreeing therein shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: and if $ny per Ton of persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cauieor procure to be fprged or counterfeited, or willingly act or afliff in the forging or counterfeiting any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, order or orders, made forth by virtue of this prefect act, or any former act, made for establishing any lottery or lotteries, or alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such false, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, order or orders, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeit ticket, certificate, or order, or any such ticket, certificate, or order, the number whereof, or any figure or % word therein, shall have been altered, (knowing the lame to be such), to the said managers, or any of them, or to the cashier or cashiers or accomptant-general of the bank of England for the time being, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent intention; or shall willingly aid, abet, assist, hire, or command, any person or persons to commit any such offence or offences as aforesaid; then, ' and in every such case, all and every such person or persons, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and directors, or any two or more oft hem, are hereby authorised, required, and impowered, to cause any person or persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, assisting, hiring, or

Commanding, any person or persons therein, to be apprehend*

1

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 63. 185

?«1, and to commit him, her, of them, to his Majesty's gaol of &Jewgate % or to the common gad of the county or place where ftjch person or persons shall be lo apprehended, to be proceeded 9gainst for the said felony according to law.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ofendtnbt* if any person or persons who shall commit any such offence or ["* discover.^ offences as aforesaid, or be aiding, abetting, aflming, hiring, or ing persons*commanding any person or persons therein, shall afterwards, be- guilty, to be ing out of prison, discover any one or more person or persons, who frc*» and ha?e already have, or hereafter shall commit, or be aiding, abetting, 50 u reward-or concerned, in any such offence or offences as aforesaid, so as

such person or persons so discovered be lawfully convicted of the same, such discoverer shall have, and is hereby intitled to his Majesty's most gracious pardon for such his or her offences \ and moreover shall be intitled to a reward of fifty pounds lawful money of Great Britain for every such offender so convicted3 to be paid out of the monies arising by virtue of this act, or any other the aids or supplies granted in this session of parliament, imine- diately upon such conviction as aforesaid.

XIV..Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted byPro?ifo. the authority aforesaid, That no attainder for any the offences aforesaid shall make or work any corruption of blood, loss of dower, or di(heri(bn of heirs.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au- Managers to* thority aforesaid, That every person that shall be appointed as be sworn. aforesaid to be a manager and director for putting this act in execution, before his acting in such commUfion (except the administering the oath immediately herein after mentioned) shall take the oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. as a manager and dtreftor of tht lottery to be drawn rVThe oath.

purfmnee of an act of parliament^ made in the twelfth year of his A&ajefifs reign, da Jwsor, That I mil faithfully execute the truji re-posed in me 3 and that / will not use any indirift are or means, or per* tnit or dire ft any person to use any indirift art or means9 to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself or any other person what-foevtr; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any undue or finijler practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that.

I willy to the heft of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, loty or ticket, of right doth belongs according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Which said oath (halLand may be administered by any two or more of the other managers and directors.

XVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful toCafhier tore-and for the said cashier or cashiers, having given security as a- ceive the sums foresaid, at any time or times before such cashier or cashiers shall have received any book or books for the said lottery from the the lotte-fakl managers, comprehending the said sixty thloufand tickers, ry book* in three columns as aforesaid, to receive from the said contributors, or adventurers, or their executors, administrators, succes-

iZ6

sod to give m note for the same*

the bearers

witU(j thereupon to one lottery ticket for every nl. los. so paid.

Contributors not making good their payments within.t^e times limited,

to* foil their deposits with reij*& to the lottery;

end the tick* ets for such turns to he delivered back into the exchequer.

Treasury to pay the manager?, and defray the incidental ex* peaces-

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 63.

[177*2

fore, or a Aligns, the monies to be by them respectively paid on account of the said lottery at one intire payment, or in such proportions and manner as aforesaid, before such cashier or carriers shall have received such book or books; and the said cashier or cashiers shall give a note or receipt under his or their hand or hands for the sum or sums so paid; and shall be obliged thereby, and by this act, to give the bearer of every such note or receipt a ticket or tickets of the extreme column of the three columns book or books aforesaid, for every twelve pounds and ten shillings so contributed, paid, or arifwered, as soon as he or they shall be enabled thereunto by delivery of any such book or books to him or them from the said managers as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, That in case any such contributor or adventurer as aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid down to such cashier or cashiers a proportion of his, her, or their consideration-money towards the said lottery, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, do not advance and pay unto such cashier or cashiers the remaining part of his, her, or their consideration-money, so to be paid in full for such ticket or tickets on or before the times for paying thereof as aforesaid; that then, and in every such case, every such contributor or adventurer shall forfeit and lose to his Majesty, for the use of the publick, the proportion of his, her, or their purchase-money, which he, she, or they, shall have so paid down as aforesaid towards the lottery; and in such case no ticker or tickers shall be delivered out by the said cashier or carriers to such contributor or contributors, adventurer or adventurers, making such default; but the ticket and tickets which Should have been delivered to them respectively, had they paid the full money for the same, shall be returned and delivered to the said managers and directors by the said cashier or carfhiers, together with the other tickets (if any} in the outermost column of the book and hooks first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of as aforesaid; and such ticket and tickets, upon and for which defaults of payments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, with other the said undisposed tickets, (if any), there to be retained and kept as cash, and to be issued, fold, and disposed of for the purposes and in the manner hereinbefore directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed tickets; and the said contributor and contributors, adventurer and adventurers, making such default, shall not have or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any benefit or advantage for or in respect of the money which he, she, or they, shall have paid for or towards the purchase of such ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies to arise by the contributions to the said lottery, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the

z high

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 3. ttf

high treasurer for the time being, to reward the said managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this affair, ' for their labour and pains, and to discharge such incident expences as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall, from time to time, think lit and reasonable in that behalf; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That no person or persons shall fell the chance or chances of the f*leos any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, or any share or shares Ofchwe, »* any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, for a day, or part of a

day, or for a longer time less than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or shall receive any money whatsoever in consideration of the repayment of any sum or sums of money, in case any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove fortunate; or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, either as to the time of such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every person and persons who shall offend in any of the said matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the sum and sums of money which shall Penalty, have been received by such person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at WesimirJiery in which no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, % his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and every such sale, wager, or contract, and every agreement relating thereto,

shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Office keep* That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, or shall print or publish any scheme or proposal for receiving any sum or sums of money, in consideration of any interest to be which they are granted for the same, in any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, not possessed, whereof futh person or persons shall not then, and at the actual time of drawing such ticket or tickets, be possessed, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid, in case any ticker, or number of tickets in the said lottery, which shall not then, and at the actual time of drawing the said ticket or tickets, be in the possession of such person or persons, shall prove fortunate or unfortunate; all and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be re- forfeit 500l. covered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at in which no essoin,

protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty,

his

i88 Armo duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6j.

[1772.

his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and also shall suffer three months imprisonment without bail or mainprize. Offences com-

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nutted in Ire- That if any offence against this act, or any of the acts of par-land against i; a!I1ent made in this kingdom for preventing private and undenting un- lotteries, shall be committed in Inland, the offender shall

lawful lotte- incur the like penalty and punishment, to be inflicted in like ries, made pu- manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom; and nifliable, that such penalties as by this act, or any of the said acts, are

- directed to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record

ties maybe at Westminster % shall, in case of offences committed against this sued for in act> or any of the said acts, in Ireland, be recovered in any of his Dublin. Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

The sum of a^IL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 600, 0001. pay- That the sum of six hundred thou&na pounds as aforesaid, to able in reipcd be paid for and in respect of all the said fortunate tickets, shall Sate tickets"^anc*ls hereby charged upon, and shall be issued and paid out is charged'aH or any the aids or supplies granted in this session of par-upon the aids liament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred in Seneral and seventy-two, in manner herein-before mentioned, and shall j^H^n thw be paid, upon demand, by the said governor and company of and to be paid the of England, in money, without any dedudion whatso-

at the bank, ever to the respective proprietors of such fortunate tickets, on the first day of Martha one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, or as soon thereafter as certificates can be made out for ascertaining, in manner.herein after mentioned, the sums to be paid upon the said tickets; which tickets, after the drawing of the tickets to the said lottery is completed and ended, shall be exchanged for be exchanged certificates, to be signed by such of the said managers as Hull be SeS! appointed for that purpose.

Managers to XXIII. Andy to the end that all and every the payments upon tht give notice of fortunate tickets may be more eastly ascertained, settled, and adiujltly the time for pr t^e personi who shall become intitled thereunto, be it further tfcketf/and*, cna&e<!> That such of the said managers as any three or more delivering out of the commissioners of the treasury or the High treasurer for the certin- the time being, shall appoint to take in the said fortunate tickets,

cates, See, an(j deliver out the said certificates for and in lieu thereof, shall,

as Toon as may be, give notice by advertisement, to be primed and published in manner as they shall think fit, of the days and times for taking in the said fortunate tickets, and delivering out Certificates to of the said certificates, for and in lieu of the lame; and every be numbered, certificate shall be numbered in course according to the bringing the tickets to the managers so to be appointed forexchanging the same; to which purpose such managers shall enter, or cause to be entered, in a book or books to be by them kept for that purpose, the name of every person who shall bring any such for-fans fringing tunate ticket or tickets to be exchanged for such certificate or tickets t« be certificates, and the number or numbers of the fortunate ticker exchanged, or tickers which shall be so brought, the value in money payable thereupon, and the day of the month and the year of our Lord

when

without deduction. After the drawing of the lottery,

Books to be kept for entering the names of per-

189

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 63. when the same was so brought j which book and books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the said tickets to be exchanged for such certificates, for all persons concerned to peruse; all which certificates shall be signed by the managers Certificate* to /o to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be directed be signed, &c. to the chief cashier or cashiers of the bank of England.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Treasury to aforesaid, That out of the monies to be received in pursuance discharge all of this act, or out of any the aids or supplies granted in this attending* session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand the execution seven hundred and seventy-two, any three or more of the com- of this act, missioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident charges, not hereby otherwise provided for, as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, and any other person or persons for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said subscriptions and contributions; and for performing the trust hereby reposed in him or them: all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of, and of the South Sea company respectively, shall be for the use and benefit of the said companies respectively, and at their disposal only*

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or No fee to be gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his ta!ce.n for re* Majesty's subjects for receiving or paying the said subscription pacing the or contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or contribution, receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the monies payable monies, or for in respect of the said fortunate tickets, upon pain that any officer or person offending by taking or demanding any such fee, re- "|£"or mo* ward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum on penalty of of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit j sol. to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at, wherein

no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, '

That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prose-

cuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act,

[General issue.]

such person or persons shall dnd may plead the general issue, and

give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass

for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall

discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be non-

suited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them,

upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants

shall have treble costs awarded to biro, her, or them, against any Treble coftw

such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Cap.

J90 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 64, -66. [1772.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for building two new chapelt, and providing burial places thereto* within the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick*

CAP. LXV.

An act to extinguish the right of common upon an acre ef ground called White Lyon, (nr Hangman's Acre, in Saint George's Fields, in the county of Surrey.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the prison called The House of Corre£scion, in

the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, is too

finally unhealthy, inconvenient, and unfofcy and persons committed u

the/aid prison for felony cannot be kept separate from those committed

for fmatt mijaemeanors, which greatly tends to the ruin and entire

corruption of the latter: and whereas it has, upon inquiry, been found

absolutely necessary to rebuild the J'aid prison in a more convenient

situation: and whereas the county of Surrey is feijed or pojfejpd of

an acre of ground in Saint George's Fields, called White Lyon,

or Hangman's Acre, situate near the King's Bench prisony which

is a proper place for erecting the faii house of correction: and whereas the justices of the peace, at the quarter session of the peace held for the said county, on the fourteenth day of January, one thousand fevers

hundred and/eventy-two* did unanimously agree to build a new house of correction on the said ground: but as the owners of certain lands in Saint George's Fields have a right of common for their cattle, at

certain times of the year9 upon the said acre9 promijeuously with other

lands, f though stich right is of no real value with respect to the said

aerty) the building cannot be. ere fled unless such right be extinguijbedy

which cannot be done without the authority of parliament: may it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

After the pass- enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

ing hereof advice and consent of the lords spirrruai and temporal, and

mil right of commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-

common upoDthority of t^e same That from and after the passing of this act, white Lyon, c r A f °

Acre shall all right of common, or common of pasture, in, over, and upon

cease, and be the said acre of land called White Lyon % or Hangman's Acrey shall

extinguiftud. cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

[Publick act.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be taken and allowed, in all courts, as a publick act; and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice thereof, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within tbs borough and foreign of Kidder minder in the panto of Kidderminster, in the county of Worcester.

*9

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for incorporating the members of a society, commonly called The Marine Society, and their successors, to he defied as therein is mentioned, and for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful designs.

WHEREAS, in June one thousand seven hundred and fifty- preamblei fix, a society was instituted under certain regulations for fitting and placing out men and boys to the sea service, and other charitable purposes> commonly called The Marine Society j which said society, during the late war with France and Spain, and at different times ftnee the conclusion thereof by the voluntary donations and subscriptions of charitable and welUdisposed 'persons (amongst other charities) cloathed and fitted out five thousand four hundred and fifty-one landmen, to serve as seamen on board his Majesty's ships; and also cloatked, fitted, and placed out as servants or apprentices to officers in the King's ships, and to the merchants service at Jea9 six thousand three hundred and six boys, who had no visible means of jup -party and who voluntarily offered themselves: and whereas experience bath Jbewn, that the JaidJociety bath been hitherto of considerable ufey end an advantage to the nation, and it is apprehended that the said society, if countenanced and supported by the laws of this realm, and established upon a respefiable and permanent foundation, and vcjhd % uith proper powers for enabling them to carry into execution their charitable designsy (that is to say,) the fitting out and apprenticing, or placing outy poor difireffed boys9 to and for the strvice of the royal navy, end to and for the service of other ships and vessels, the property of and belonging tOysubjefis of the King oj Great Britain, would be of much more extensive uje, and a fill greater benefit and advantage to these kingdoms, as being a means of supplying his Majesty's ships, in lime of war9 withfeomen properly bred up and qualified Jor that service, and contributing to the commercial inter ejls of the nation in time of peace \ and also by ajfijling the inward police thereof in providing for the idle, and consequently mofi dangerous members of society: but as it is apprehended that these salutary measures cannot be condufied with any degree of vigour, nor these useful ends attained in their full extenty without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the right honourable Robert lord Romney baron of Romney9 the right honourable Robert lord Clive baron of Plaffey9 in the kingdom of Ireland, knight of the most honourable order of the bath, sir William Dolben baronet, fir George Pococie knight of the most honourable order of the bath,

Barlow Trecothick, Beefion Long, Thomas Nash, John Thornton, ctyuires; the rj^ht honourable Thomas Harley, fir IPWiam Mayne

baronet.

jpa Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6j. [i77*4

baronet, the honourable Charles Marsham, the reverend doctor Glajfe, Charles Gray, Richard Oliver, Anthony Bacon,

Jngerfiein, Michael Adolphus, PA/7/> Blackburn,

Frederick Bully Thomas Bennett, Zeros Cheauvett, John Campbell, 7*A« Cornwall, John Dorrien, JeA* Elliott, Freeman Flower, Jacob Gonsales, Francis Gregg, Hanway, Thomas Manway* Robert

Hunter, Michael James, 7e/vi Zee^r, y*A/i Z*i/y, Matthias}

doctor Thomas Manningham, Timothy Mangles, Robert Nettleiw, Gregory Olive, Peters, George Paterson, Anikey

Rucker, Wiliam Stead, SwVA, Robert Sherson* Andrew

Thomson, Harry Vereljl\ William Wood, Thomas Walker, Jtfwi Warner, and Fowler Walker, esquires; shall, and they are here-Covemort by declared to be governors; and that they, and their successors, incorporated $ to be elected and named in manner herein after directed and their title. appointed, shall be, and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be one body corporate and politick, in deed and in name, by To have per- the name of The Marine Society: and that by the same name petual succes- they shall have perpetual succession, and a common leal, with common feat Power to change, filter, break, and make new the same, when, &c.*and as often as they shall judge the same to be expedient, and

that they and their successors, by the same name, may sue, and be sued, implead, and be impleacted, answer, and be answered unto, in all or any court or courts of record and places of judi- i cature within this kingdom; and that they and their successors, by the name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, and retain, for the ends and purposes of this all such sum and sums of money as have been given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall, at any time or times hereafter, be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, by any charitable or well-disposed person or persons, to and for the charitable and may our- ends and purposes in this act mentioned; and that they and chafe lands, their successors, by the name aforesaid, shall and may, at any time hereafter, without licence in mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any lands or tenements, which shall or may, at any time or times, be found necessary for erecting buildings, and making other conveniences for the purposes of assembling and holding the courts and meetings, and of executing and transacting other the affairs and business of the said hereby-erected corporation for any estate or interest.

Corporation

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to fit and bind the said corporation may, and they are hereby impowered 10 dcca!Ppmi" clothe and fit out, and bind out apprentice or apprentices, or place out, as servants to any of the commissioned or warrant officers of his Majesty's navy, or to any other of his Majesty's subjects, from time to time, any poor or distressed boy or boys (hat shall voluntarily offer him or themselves, not being then legally an apprentice or apprentices to any other person or persons whomsoever, with the content of the respective parents, when known, of such boys respectively, for such term and time, and upon such conditions, as the said corporation shall think proper, so as no such boy, so to be bound or placed out as afore-

laid

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6yl 153

said shall be obliged to serve, or continue in such apprenticeship or service, longer than seven years.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, President, vice That the right honourable Robert lord Romney, baron of Rom- president*, ney> shall be, and he is hereby appointed president of the said

corporation 5 and that the said Robert lord Clivey fir Wiliaman Dolbeny fir George Pococke\ Barlow Trecothicky Beeston Long* and Thomas Najhy shall be, and they are hereby appointed the vice presidents; and that the said John Thornton shall be, and he is hereby appointed treasurer of the said corporation; and that the said fir Wiliam Moyne^ Charles Marsham, doctor GlaJJe, Charles Gray, Anthony Bacouy Mithael Adolphus, Philip Ajflick, Join Blackburny Thomas Bcnnety John Campbelly John Dorreiny Freeman Flowery Jacob Gonfales, Jonas Hanway, Robert Hunter, Michael James y John Lodge y John Levy9 James Matthias, Timothy Manglety Gregory Olive3 George Peters, John Smithy Robert SherJon9 Andrew Thomforiy Harry Vereljly Wiliam Woody Thomas Walker9 and Fowler Walker, shall be, and they are hereby appointed a committee for transacting and managing the affairs of the said corporation: and the said vice presidents, treasurer, and committee, shall con- Vice prefi-tinue for the space of one year only, unless respectively re-elected j!ent, trea-

to the said respective offices; and the said president, or, in his./ r*/i 1*.*- committee, to

absence, one or more of the vice presidents, or the treasurer, t* eieded an-

with any fix or more of the other members of the said corpora- nually. tien, or, in the absence of the president and of all the vice presidents and treasurer, any seven or more of the said governors, fhalicompose a general court: and the first general court shall be held on the twenty-fifth day of June> one thousand seven, The first hundred and seventy-two, at their office over the Royal Exchange; general court, and shall then, and, from time to time, be adjourned to such times and places as the court shall think necessary for the due execution of this act: and a general court of the members of A general the said corporation shall be held four times, at the lead, in eve- court to be ry year; (that is to say) on the twenty-first day of January, on held quarterly, the twenty-first day of April, on the twenty-first day of July9 and on the twenty-first day of Octobert unless such respective days shall happen to fall on a Sunday9 and in that case on the day following, or oftener, if occasion shall require; upon notice thereof given, by the order of any five or more of the members of the said corporation, assembled at some weekly meeting, by publishing the same in the London Gazette five days at least before the holding every such court: and a general court shall be Business of the held in the month of February in every year, a like notice where- annual gene-of shall be given; at which court fix vice presidents, a treasurer, rai coum* and a committee, (such committee to consist of such number of the governors of the said corporation as such general court shall think necessary,) and the officers and servants of the said corporation shall be elected for the ensuing year; and the governors of the said corporation, assembled at any such general court as aforesaid, or the major part of them so assembled, but not less than seven such governors, shall have full power and authority.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1772.

in the name of the said corporation, and Qn their account, to apply and dispose of the monies already given, and which shall from time to time be contributed and given by any persons or person on the account of any such charity, and all other monies belonging or to belong to the said hereby-erected corporation, to and for the purposes aforesaid, and to, for, or in any other purpose, way, matter, or thing, relating to the said charity, j; d for the benefit thereof, at their discretion; and with and ur.t'cr their common seal, to enter into any covenants and contra:; for the purposes aforesaid, or for any other purpose or purposes for the better effecting and carrying on the charitable uies and designs aforesaid; > and to do, manage, and transact, and determine all such other matters and things, as shall to them appear necessary and convenient for the effecting or carrying or the proper powers purposes aforesaid; and shall and may delegate such poser; to committee: and authorities to the said committee as they shall think necessa-AdddT0^Cf ry, for the nfore easy, speedy, and effectual execution of this the use of the: an<* xt an<* may he to anc* for the governorsci

common seal, the said corporation, in a general court assembled only, or the and to make major part of them so assembled, but not less than seven such bye-laws* governors, to order and dispose of the custody of the said common seal, and the use and application thereof; and to make, ordain, and constitute such and so many bye-laws, constitutiers, and ordinances, as to them, or the greatest part of them then and there present, but not less than seven such governors, fh: J seem necessary and convenient, touching, or in anywise concerning the affairs and business of the said hereby-erefled corporation; and the same bye-laws, constitutions, and ordinances so made, to put in use and enforce accordingly, and at their sl and pleasure to reyoke, change, and alter the same, or ary: ! them; which said bye-laws, constitutions, and ordinances so a aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed, provided the same be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the flatus, customs, or laws, of this kingdom, or any of the express reflations of this a6V.

No bye-laws

IV. Provided nevertheless, That no such bye-law, rule, cr-to be binding, der, or ordinance, shall be binding, or have any force or firmeduntil the same shall have been agreed to, and confirmed by, tbs succeeding* next succeeding general court, whether annual, quarter]},: ' general coart* extraordinary; and that the same method shall be observed a altering or repealing any such bye-laws, rules, orders, or ordinances.

Power for the V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesa*!

treasurer. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer U

o^ the Tom-1 t*me the hereby-erected corporation, and be if

mittee to in- hereby authorised and required, from time to rime, by andii veil all or any the consent and approbation of the committee thereof for i.'s sum or sums time being, or the major part of such committee, to be teKcd bem*ven^forn lvr, t, n6 un(^er their hands, to lay but and invest all or ary the^urposes ^ch ^um or ^ums mney, as hath or have been given, u-in this act vised, or bequeathed, or shall, at any time or times here-m*.

194-

Power to apply charity money.

nd to do all the matters necessary and delegate

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67. 195

be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, by any charitable or mentioned well-disposed person or persons, to and for the charitable ends, CXCtPrl°much intents, and purposes in this act mentioned, or any part thereof, cks ofohc8*11* other than and except such and so much thereof as the exigen- corporation cies of the said corporation shall call for the immediate applica- thaJi require in tien or expenditure of, in any of the publick funds, in his own anL^kf A name, and, from time to time, with such consent and approba- pub 1Cund, # tien as aforesaid, to alter and transfer such funds, and make sale thereof.

VI. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the monies Monies arif-

arising from or by such sale or sales, or so much thereof as shall ing by such not be again laid out and invested with such consent and appro- to

bation as aforesaid, in some other of the publick funds, and also^appi, ed for all the dividends, interest, and annual proceed, which shall, from the purposes time to time, arise from such funds, shall, from time to time, of this act. be applied to and for the uses, ends, intents, and purposes, in this act mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Vacancies to

thority aforesaid, That in case of the death or resignation of the*

president, or of a vice president, or treasurer, of the said corpo- courts ration, it shall and may be lawful to and for the governors of the said corporation, at any general court, or the major part of them then there present, but not less than seven such governors, to nominate and appoint a president, vice president or vice presidents, or treasurer, in the room of the president, vice president or vice presidents, or treasurer, so deceased, or having resigned.

VIII. Andy to the intent that there never may he wanting a cotnpe- Direction tent number of governors of the said hereby-erefled corporation, and for perpetuating the successm thereof \ be it further enacted by the ^mbert. authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the governors of the said corporation, at such general court, or the greater part of them that shall be present at any such general court to be held as aforesaid, but not less than seven such governors, to elect and chuse some- other fit and able person or persons to be a governor or governors of the said hereby-erected corporation, in the room or place of such of the persons before mentioned, or to be from time to time elected governors as aforesaid, as shall happen to depart this life, or shall refuse to continue and remain, to be a governor or governors.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all questions upon the Questioni at a

proceedings of the said corporation, at any general court or com- % 8enera, court* mittee, shall be decided by vote; and in case of an equality °f°obe7ecid/d# voices, the president or chairman shall have the calling vote; by vote, unless and upon demand of any five governors of the said corporation members de-present at such general court or committee respectively, the famemanc{j1 bailor, shall be determined by bailot, to be immediately proceeded up-dimmed °° on and completed. accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, that the governors of the said General court corporation, at a general court, or the major part of them pre- impowered f*nt at such general court, but not less than seven such govern-UP va* ors, shall have power, from time to time, and at all times,

o z hil"

196

and appoint such officers, &c. as shall be lU'ceffcry, and to remove or suspend them:

and to allow them reasonable salaries. Committee at their weekly or other meetings, impowered to (uf-pend or remove officers, Arc. and appoint others, tid a general court be held.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1772.

fill up any vacancy or vacancies in the committee, and appoint such other officers and persons as they shall think necessary to employ for the purposes, and in the execution of this a6fc, and, from time to time, to suspend or remove all such officers and other persons, or any of them, as they shall think fir, and appoint others in case of death, or such suspension or removal; ad may, out of the monies to be received for the purposes of this act, make reasonable allowances to such officers and other persons for their services: and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, at any weekly or other meeting, to suspend or remove any such officers and other persons, and to appoint others la case of death, or such suspension or removal, until a general court shall be held; and the governors of the said corporation, at any such general court, or the major part of them then present, but not less than seven, may confirm such appointment or appointments, or may remove such officers or other persons, and appoint others in their room, as they shall think fit; and all and every such officers and other persons shall, from time to time, when thereunto required by the said committee, or any five or more of them, make and render to the said committee, or any five or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect account in writing, under their respective hands, upon oath, to be taken before two or more of the said committee, (which oath any two of the said committee are hereby impowered to administer,) of all monies which be, (he, or they, and every of them respectively, shall to that time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this act, or by reason of their respective offices; and in case any money so received shall remain in their or any of their hands, the same shall be paid to the said committee, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and in case any such officer, or other person, shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify, upon oath, any such account, or to make such payment as aforesaid, then any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, or for the city of London, shall and may, upon complaint to him or them, make enquiry of and concerning such default in a summary way, (as well by confession of the parties themselves, as by the testimony of one or more credible witnc/> or witnesses upon oath, which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer;,) and if any such officer or person shall be convicted of any such offence, such justice or justices shall, upon such conviction, commit the party offending to the common gaol of the county of Midd'ei': or or the city of London, there to remain, without bail or main-prize, until he or she shall have made a true and perfect accourt and payment as aforesaid, or until he or (lie shall hare compounded and agreed with the said committee, or any five or more t: them, and have paid such composition-money; which cotnpo-fition the said committee, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67. 197

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and de- Treasurer to dared, That the treasurer for the time being of the said corpo- account at a ation (hill not be obliged to account with such committee, of general couit. iny of them, but shall give in his accounts, from rime to time,

vhen required, at a general court, there to be examined, and illowed or disallowed, and shall pay over all the monies remain-ng in his hands, and transfer all the funds (landing in his name, is treasurer aforesaid, to the treasurer immediately fucc^eciing lim, on demand.

XII. dtidyfor the encouragement of such as shall be benefiftors to Persons giv-he said charity, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ifing i*l. i»t. my person shall, at one payment, pay into the hands of the at any onc reasurer of the said corporation for the time being, or such per- fu4)^bingr on as shall be deputed for receiving the same, the full sum of 2\t xt.per welve pounds twelve shillings, or shall subscribe and pay the to

early sum of two pounds two shillings for the space of eight have rears, for the use of the said corporation, every such person shall governor'111* >e capable of being elected a governor of the said corporation.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That every per- and have equal bn and persons who, in consequence of such payment as afore- powersirh aid, or in pursuance of any bye-law hereafter to be made, shall

5e duly chosen and elected a governor of the said corporation, hall, from and after such election, be, to all intents and purposes, a governor of the said corporation, as fully and effectually as f the name or names of such person and persons was or were nferted and included in this act.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That indenture to jvery indenture whereby any child or children respectively shall, be one Anglefrom and after the twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand seven stamp*Plcce lundred and seventy-two, be bound an apprentice or apprenti- parPc^enit. res, or otherwise placed out by the said corporation, shall be V

; ood and valid to all intents and purposes, although the same be lot stamped with any other stamp than a single sixpenny stamp;

Hid that the age of every such child or children shall be men-

ioned in their indentures, which age shall be taken to be their* mcu ODC

rue age, so far as regards this present act, or any matter or thing

lerein contained, without any further proof thereof; any law,

ruftom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

tanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No such ap-

rhat no such apprentice or apprentices, servant or servants, so be

o be bound or placed out as aforesaid, shall be impressed into impressed° &c. lis Majesty's service at sea, or into the sea service of his Majesty's until 18 years icirs or successors, until such apprentice or apprentices, servant °, d-

>r servants respectively, shall arrive to the age.of eighteen years.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons serv-That all such person and persons as shall be bound out an ap-, nS, uth ap-irentice or apprentices to the sea service, and shall serve out their ef; ective apprenticcships, not being for a less time than four mav exercise ears, may set up and exercise such trade or business as they are trades.

ft and able for, in any town or place within the kingdoms of

o 3 Great

1^8 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1771.

Great Britain or Ireland, without any let, suit, or molestation of any person or persons whomsoever, for or by reason of the using of such trade or buGness: and if any such person or persons who shall have been so bound as aforesaid, and shall have served out their respective apprenticeships as aforesaid, shall be sued, impleacted, or indicted in any court whatsoever within the said kingdoms, or either of* them, for uGng or exercising any such trade or buGness as aforesaid, then such person or persons who shall have been so bound as aforesaid, and shall have served out their respective apprenticeships as aforesaid, making it appear to the same court where they are respectively so sued, impleacted, or indieted, that they respectively have been so hound as aforesaid, and have served out their respective apprenticeships as aforesaid, shall, upon the general issue pleacted, be found not guilty in any plaint, bill, information, or indictment, exhibited against them respectively; and such persons respectively as, notwithstanding this act, shall prosecute their said suit by bill, plaint, information, or indictment, and shall have a verdict pass against them fespectively, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue the said suit, shall pay unto such person or persons respectively who shall have been so bound as aforesaid, and shall have served out their respective apprenticeships as aforesaid, and shall be so sued, impleacted, or indieted, double costs of suit; to be recovered as any other costs at common law may be recovered; and all judges and jurors before whom any such suit, information, or in-, dictment shall be brought, and all other persons whomsoever, are: to take notice of this present jut, and shall conform themselves j thereunto, any statate, law, ordinance, custom, or provision, to 1 the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

For preserving

XVII. Provided always, That this act shall not in anywise the privdege* be prejudicial to the privileges of the universities of Cnmhridgz

Cambridge. anc* Oxford, or either of them, or extend to give liberty to any

«'person to set up the trade of a vintner, or to fell any wine, cr

other liquors, within the said universities, or either of them,

without licence Grft had and obtained from the vice-chancellors of the same respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That two or more justices of the peace, in their respective counties, and dwelling in or near any of the ports aforesaid, and all mayors, aldermen, bailiffs, and other chief officers and magistrates of any city, borough, or town-corporate, in or near adjoining to such port or ports to which any such ship or veil'd aforesaid, having any such apprentice or servant on board, ftuii at any time arrive, shall have full power and authority, and are hereby authorised and impowerei to inquire into and examine, hear and determine, all complaints of hard and ill usage from the several and respective masters to such their apprentice and apprentices, servant and servants, so to be bound and placed as aforesaid, and respectively to make such orders therein as no* fbey are, and hereafter may be enabled by. law to do ia other cases between masters and apprentices, or servants, in this act.

£IX.

Justices to determine complaints between masters and apprentices.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 67. 199

XIX. And whereas, under and by virtue of the last will and testa-merit $/* William Hicks, /<?/* <7 member of the company of merchants The Society to adventurers of England, residing in the city of Hamburgh, and of a recover the decree or decretal order of the high court of chancery of Great Bri- money tain, bearing date the twenty-third day of June, one thousand seven ^Hkker hundred and seventy, made in a certain cause, wherein his Majesty's tettament. attorney general, at the relation of the said John Thornton esquire, on the behalf of himself and the other members of the said Marine Society; and also the said other members and informants and plaintiff's, and Charles Johnstone and others, are defendants; the said society is in tit led to eleven full and equal twentieth parts, {the whole into twenty equal parts to be divided,) of the sum of twenty thousand pounds, in case the estate and effefls of the said William Hickes will extend to pay the same: and whereas, in respect of what the said so-eiety are so intitled unto, there is now fiending in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, in the name of the accomptant general of the said court of chancery, and to the credit of the said cause, in trust for said Marine Society the sum offive thousand five hundred and seventy-one pounds, twelve' shillings and four-pence, bank three per centum, consolidated annuities, the dividends of which are applied to e/sett the charitable designs of the said society, pursuant to the said will and decree: Now, it is hereby enabled and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said sum of five thousand five hundred and seventy-one pounds, twelve shillings and four pence, bank three per centum consolidated annuities, and all and every sum and sums of money to which the said Marine Society is or may be intitled, under, or by virtue of t]ie said will and decree, or decretal order, together with the interest, dividends, and produce thereof, shall be, and is and are hereby fully and absolutely vested in the said hereby-crewed corporation; and that the said corporation, at any general court or courts, to be held in pursuance of this act, shall have, and the same is hereby vested with, full power and authority, from time to time, to apply and dispose thereof, and of every or any part thereof, to and for the charitable purposes of the said corporation, pursuant to the will of the said William Hickes.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall be Limitation of brought, or suit commenced, against any person or persons for a&ioni* any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the pre-mi fes, or any of them, every such action or suit shall be laid or brought within fix' months next after, in the county or place where the fad was done, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in such action, may plead the general issue, and General issue, give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall not be brought within the time before limited, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if tire plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their ac-0 4 tien

too

[Publick act.]

[Double costs.]

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 68. [1772.

tien or actions; or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the said defendant shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cods in other cases by law.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, without specially pleading the lame*

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within that part of the parish of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the county of Middlesex; and for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the squares, streets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, and open passages and places, within the same; and for removing annoyances therefrom; and far making the communication between Charter-house Square and Saint John Street, through Charter-house Lane, more convenient.

[Preamble.]

A lift of eight vestrymen to be made out by the vestrymen, and returned to a petty sessions, out of whom justices are to appoint tour overseers. Vestrymen to ascertain the money to be raised for the relief of the poor; and within 14. days after to meet again, and to make one general pound-rate for that purpose. Notice to be given of the rates, and of the time and place of hearing appeals. Persons dissatisfied with the deter* mination of the justices, may appeal to the quarter-sessions. Where houses are let in separate apartments, the landlord to be charged with the rate. The occupier is to pay the rate, and deduct it out of the relit. No other poor's rate to be made. Landlords not to be a(Te(Ted for increased rents oa that account. Rates may be levied by distress. Majority of vestrymen at publick meetings, to act. Vestry to make by laws for government of the poor, which are not to be in force till confirmed. Not to be altered afterwards but in vestry, which shall be afterwards approved at a subsequent meeting. No rules to be repugnant to law. Vestrymen may employ the poor, and apply the profits in aid of the rates, and contract for provisions, &c. or for their keeping and work. Overseers of the poor shall pay orbat shall become due on such contracts. Vestrymen to punish toe poor wao are idle, or mi(behave themselves. Children found begging to be taken up, and kept until of age, or till married; and persons, till discharged by law; and punished for misbehaviour. Laws to be in force, where not altered by this act. Persons buying or taking in pawn cloaths or materials, to forfeit 4.0 s. to be levied by distress. For want of distrefa to be committed* Accounts to be entered in books, and to be inspected without See. Commissioners names. Commissioners, how to be elected. Qualification of of Penalty on acting if not qualified. Commiflkmer to hold ? place of profit. Justices may aft, unless interested; and administer oath?. All actions to be brought in the name of the treasurer. First meeting of commissioners; who have power to adjourn; and to call meetings upon any emergency. Commissioners to pay their own expences. Majority at publick meetings to act. Proceedings to be entered in a book, to jbf read in evidence. No aft valid unless done at a publick meeting. Commissioners to appoint officers; and to pay their Hilaries. Officers taking larger fees than allowed by of, to forfeit 100l. Pavements vested in the of, who may cause the streets, &c to be new paved. Old materials may be sold. Materials also may be made use of Property of posts, &c. veiled in of To be levied and recovered by distress and sale. For want of distress offender to be committed. Commissioners to hire ground for getting gravel; and buy materials, and hire workmen. Commissioners may contract for cleaning, lighting, and pav-png, Persons carrying away cinders, to forfeit ys* Owners of carts to

P7

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 68.

pay 51. for each offence. Works to be inspe#ed by surveyors. Commissioners may compound for breach of contract. Penalty on altering the form of the ft reels, Se c. not exceeding 51. nor less than 40 s. Notice to be given when pavements want repair. Penalty on paviors negle#ing their duty. It surveyors think such pavements not defective, See. co m million-era to view the same. Where materials may be lodged. Streets, See. to be watered. Incroachments, See. to be removed. Signs, See. how to be fixed. Persons refuting to treat, value to be ascertained in such manner as is alter directed, with relation to Charter house Lane. Money awarded for premises settled to like utes. In case of disputes, Sec. monies to be paid into the treasurer's hands. Consideration money how to be paid. Names of streets to be affixed up, and houses numbered. Penalties on defacing numbers. See, not exceeding 40s. nor less than ids. Annoyances bow to be removed; and the penalty on persons not complying. Penalty on not removing casks. See. after notice not less than 5s. Penalty if nuisances are continued. Licences may be granted for erecting hoards, Sec. Persons lifting lime. See. in any square, &c. to forfeit 40s. Penalty on driving carriages, Sec. on the foot-pavements, or throwing ashes, See. Foot*ways to be 1 wept, Sec. once a day. Stands of hackney coachmen, Sec. to be regulated. Tiroes of emptying bog houses, Sec. Where any of the water-pipes break, notice to be given to the pavior, who shall, for every neeleft in doing hit duty, forfeit sos. Pavements when taken up, to be relaia under the inspection of the surveyor. Pipes replaced at request, proprietors to pay expences, Sec. Commissioners may compound for the relaying such pavement. For recovery of monies expended in relaying the pavement. Expences of altering pipes for the purposes of this a# to be borne by the of Paviors, Sec. to give notice of their places of abode. Grates over sewers to be made by the of Commissioners may re#ify the sewers, &c. Rate to continue only till expence paid. New fewer?. Sec, may be made by the of Commissioners of sewers to be summoned to meet when any works necessary to be done by them. Lamps to be set up. Sec. Lamp irons where to be affixed. Penalty on persons extinguishing or damaging lamps, is sos. for every lamp. Persons accidentally damaging lamps to make satisfaction. On nonpayment to be levied by distress. Commissioners impowered to appoint watchmen, Sec. and make rules, orders, and regulations for the constables. Sec. and better watching. Copies of regulations to be delivered to constables and headboroughs. Dillurbers of the peace may be secured. Penalty on watchmen neglecting their duty. Penalty on constables. Sec. neglecting their duty. Commissioners impowered to widen Charter-house Lane, Sec. Materials vetted in the trustees. Bodies politick, Sec. may contract for sale. On refusal to treat, value to be settled by a jury. Juries may be impanelled. Juries may be challenged. Penalty on fhcrins, jurymen, and witnesses, making default. Witnesses may be summoned. Jury may assess the value and proportionable sums to be paid to every person interfiled, which Verdi# to be binding, and recorded in the office of the clerk of the peace. Expences of the Jury how to be borne. Verdi# not binding unless money paid within three months. On payment of purchase-money, premises to be conveyed. On refusal or incapacity to convey. See. or mortgagees refusing to take their mortgage-money, the same to be paid into the bank in the name of the accountant general of the court of chancery. Persons claiming may recover their money by the order of that court in a summary way, -or otherwise. Receipts to be registered. Premises vetted in the of Purchase-money, before application to chancery, may be placed out at interest. Persons intitled to the mesne profits may recover against the person receiving. Commissioners to make orders on the bank for inverting money in the funds. Commissioners not answerable for monies so depoiictd. Mortgagees to assign upon tender of principal and six months interest. Tenants to quit on notice given. Monies payable to bodies corporate. See. to be re-invelled in purchase of other estates. In what mauner houses, Sec % may be purchased. Commissioners may let or fell any overplus ground, See. Application of that money. Powers of this act not to extend to estates belonging to the Charter-house, without con-

201

202

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 6g.

[1772.

sent of the governors. Rates. Commencement of rates. Rates not to continue after the money is paid. Rates to be tigned by justices of tb: p ace. Manner of recovery, if any person refute payment. How ratrs may be recovered from ptrions quitting their houses, &c. Comm«(Ronen ma> lue in the name of their treasurer. Emp'y houses bow to be ratci fudi rates are to be paid. Owners deemed occupiers. Occupiers to pay the lates; and may be deduced out of their rtnty. Landlords notto bt chaigeu for incieased rents* on account of paying the rates. Pubinjt buildings, &c to be rated. Unfiniftied houses. Sec. to be rated. Places built upon, and not paved, to be viewed. Sec. and notice left with owners, and ma> bt compounded for, or paved by the of, at the osQ' ers expence. Owners ctvacant ground not chargeable for more than: oo square >ards. Entries of rates. Contracts between landlord and teimt not to be void. Penons paying rates exempted from paving. See. Arrears not to bt excused. Exemption of Charter-house Square. Co'.ltOx to pay to the treasurer, and not to retain money in band. Commissiorm may borrow money on credit of the rates. Annuities to be raffed on the credit of the rates. If annuitants die other personss may purchase until mortgages paid off. Annuities not liable to taxes. Securities, Sec. may be assigned Securities, See. to be entered in a book. Treasurers to pay money into the bank Treasurers, See. to account on oath. Officers refusing to atco' nt to forfeit 10l. For want of goods offenders to be committed. Offenders not to be detained longer than six months. Collector! to account tour times a year. On death or bankruptcy of officers, legal vepresenta ives to pay the monies remaining in hand to the treasurer, whole receipt shall be a discharge. On nonpayment, actions may be commenced. Treasurer to pay monies drawn upon him, and keep a reguhr account in a book. Comm (Tuners obtaining a verdict, defendant to pay double costs Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Informer deemed a competent witness. Commissioners may reward informers. Dilhefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends hath been made. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-sessions. Writings to be without damps. P; o-cecdings not to be quashed for want of form. Expences of the act how to be borne. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Publick act*

CAP. LXIX.

An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the stretts, and other publick places within such part of the parish of Saint Pancns, in the county of Middlesex, as lies on the west side of Tottenham court Road) and for preventing nuisances and obstructions therein; and for obliging the trustees for the care of the said road to pave, repair, and cleanle such part of the said road, as is therein described.

[Preamble.]

Commissioners names. On death, Sec. of of, others to be chosen. (Jollification of of who now may aft, and of those who hereafter may be elected. Penalty on acting if not qualified. Nb commissioner to hold a place of profit. Commissioners to appoint officers, Scc. and may remove them and appoint others; and allow them fa-lanes. Penalty on officers receiving fees above their salaries* Firftmeet-iiVg of the rommissioners. For want of a sufficient number to act, kc. clerk to call another meeting. Commissioners to pay their own expences. Pro-cetdings to be entered in a book Books may be read in evidence. No aft valid unless done at a publick meeting. Property of pavements, kc. verted in of Penalty on damaging works, r or want of distress, offender to be committed. Old materials, &c. veiled in commissioners. Payments to be made inten days. Old materials may be made use of Ground may be hired for getting gravel, and carts. &c. purcha: cd for carting thereof. Commissioners may contract for the paving (beets, xc. Penalty on persons Carrying cinders or ashes away, not being the scavenger, Penalty on owners of the cart. Works to be inspected. CommifL>ritrs may compound for hi each of contract. Paviors, carters, See. to be appointed. Drpures about wages, how to be settled. Commissioners may cause the streets, See. to be new paved, See, Penalty on altering the form of

ffieets,

I

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 69.

streets, See. erecting bulks, placing shew-boards, Sec. Persons digging earth or leaving boles for making vaults, &c. to enclose the same* Inhabitants to give notice to surveyors when pavements want any repairs. Penalty on paviors neglecting orders. If surveyors think such pavements not defective of to view the same. Streets, &c. to be cratered, wells sunk, and pumps erected. Projections, &c. to be removed. Signs to be fixed on the fronts. See. Penalty on a second offence. Buildings projecting may be removed. Where persons refuse to treat, &c. the damage and recompence to be settled by a jury. Witnesses to be summoned and examined upon oath. Verdi# of the jury to be final. Money awarded for preroifes lettled to like uses. Sheriff to issue his warrant to impanel a jury. Verdict not binding, unless satisfaction be made within a month. Juries may be challenged. iol. penalty on fhenffs making default. In case of disputes money to be paid into the bank. Consideration-monies, &c. payable out of rates. Names of streets may be fixed up, and houses numbered. Penalty on defacing the numbers, &c. Annoyances placed in the carriage-ways to be removed, and holes to be remedied. Penalty on not removing calks, &c. placed in carriage or foot-ways. Penalty if nuisances are replaced and continued. Licences may be granted for ere#-ing hoards, Sec. No lime to be fitted, Scc. in any square, street, &c. Penalty on driving carriages, &c. on the foot pavements. Stands of hackney coachmen, Sec. to be regulated. Regulations to be observed on the bursting of pipes. Paviors to give notice of their place of abode. Commissioners to cleanse, alter, and empty drains and sewers. Owners of pipes to relay them at their own expences. Commissioners to pay for cleansing sewers, &c. Commissioners to have equal authority with of of sewers. Commissioners to pay for altering pipes. Pavement altered at the request of proprietors, they are to pay all expences, Commissioners may compound with said proprietors. Lamps to be set up, Sec. Lamp-irons to be affixed against walls, Sec. Penalty on wilfully damaging lamps, Scc. On non-payment, offender to be committed. Persons accidentally damaging lamps, to make satisfaction. Commissioners shall cause watch-houses to be ere#ed, Scc. Footways to be cleansed once a day. Where materials for footways may be lodged. Penalty on obstru#ing surveyors. Rates may be laid for the purposes of this act. Commencement of the rates. Where any streets, Scc. are new paved an additional rate may be laid on inhabitants. Money may be borrowed on the credit of the rates. Application of monies. Securities to be entered in books. All creditors deemed equal in degree. Securities may be transferred. How empty housea are to be rated, Sec. Landlords, &c. of houses. Sec. liable to the rates. Occupiers to pay the rates. Occupiers to be allowed the rates in their rents. Rates on houses occupied by ambassactors, to be paid by the landlord. Publick buildings and dead-walls to be rated. Unfinished houses. See* to pay rates i how, and by whom payable. New streets and places unpaved, to be rated. If of judge any new-built street proper to be repaired, they are to require inhabitants to meet and compound for paving. On neglect composition may be levied. Owners of vacant ground not to be charged for more than too square yards. Rates to be entered in books, which may be inspe#ed gratis. Inhabitants, Sec. refuting to pay rates, how to be recovered. How rates may be recovered from persons quitting, their houses, Sec. before payment. Rates may be sued for in the name of the treasurer. No contract for paving, Sec. to be void by this a#. Persons paying rates exempted from paving. Persons paying rates exempted from the assessments for repairing the highways. A# 7 Geo. 3. A# 29 Geo. a. Totten ham-court Road to be paved, Sec. Collector to pay money, as received, to the treasurer. 5l. penalty on colle#ors keeping above tool, longer than two days. Treasurer having 5001. to pay it into such bankers as of shall appoint. Officers to account upon oath. Sec. Penalty on officers refuting to account. Commissioners impowered to bring actions again it officers, Sec. or if complaint be made to the justices, they are to enquire into the default, and to levy such money, and the penalty by dj It refs. For want of distress, offender to be committed. Col)e#or to account four times a year. On death or bankruptcy of officers, legal re-

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 70, 71. [1772.

[Publick act.]

prefen tatives to pay monies remaining in band to the treaforer; whose r». ceipt shall be a discharge. On nonpayment* actions may be commenced. Treasurer to pay monies drawn upon him, and keep a regular account in a book. Commissioners obtaining a verdict, defendant to pay double costs. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Informer deemed a competent witness. Commissioners may reward inform, ers. D'ft refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends hath been made. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Writings to be without stamps. No proceedings, &c. to be removed by certiorari. Expencet o* this act ho* to sc paid. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble cofti.

[Preamble.]

CAP. LXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the fink-ing fund; and (or applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; acd for further appropriating the supplies granted in this fcilion of panii-ment $ and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lotrery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or destroyed.

CAP. LXX I.

An act for repealing several laws therein mentioned again# badgers, engrossers, forestalltrs, and regrators, and for indemnifying persons against professions for offences committed against the said acts.

WHEREAS it bath been found by experience, that the rtjlrokw laid by several Statutes upon the dealing in corn, meal, four, cattle, and sundry other forts of viHuals, by preventing a fret trait in the said commodities, have a tendency to discourage the growth, od to inhanco the price of the same; which Statutes, if put_ in exeeutix, would bring great difirefs upon the inhabitants of many parts of this kingdom, and in particular upon those of the cities of London o4 Westminster; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act, made Act* s» 4 s & m ant* >urt*1 of King Edward the Sixth, inriru-

6 Edw! 6 § ^d. An act for the buying and selling of butter and cheese; and also

an act, made in the fifth and sixth year of King Edward the Act 3 Phil. & Sixth, intituled An all against regrators, forestallers, and engrojfcri\ Mary 1*and also an act made in the third year of Philip and Mary, intituled An act for the keeping of milch line, and for breeding end rearing of calves \ and also an act, made in the fifth year of Act 5 Eliz. 5 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An all touching badgers of corn, end drovers of cattle, to be licensed; and also an act, made in the fif-Act »5 Car.* } teenth year of King Charles the Second, intituled An all tofrt-vent the felling of live fat cattle by butchers; and so much of an act, made in the fifth year of Queen Anne, intituled An all fir an-tinuing the laws therein mentioned relating to the poor, and to tit buying andfelling of cattle in Smith field, and for supprejfng of piracy, as relates to batchers felling fca tic alive or dead within the cities of London and Westminster, or within ten miles thereof; apd all the acts made for the better enforcement of the same,

being

*nd aft 5 Anns,

repealed.

205

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72J being detrimental to the supply of the labouring and manufacturing poor of this kingdom, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All info inwall informations, indictments, suits, or prosecutions, already tionf»c" commenced, for the inflicting any punishment, or for the reco- ^eth?said very of any line, penalty, or forfeiture, under the said former acts, to deter-acts, or any of them, shall cease and determine; and no further mine; but proceedings shall be had thereupon: and that no information, pr<*e<hng* indictment, suit, or prosecution, shall be commenced or prose-to ?old* cuted against any person or persons whatsoever, under or by virtue of the said acts, or any of them; but that all such proceedings shall be void, and of no effect*any law, Statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and fer regulating the diligence of the law by arrefiment and poindings and for extending the privilege of bills to promissory notes, and for limiting actions upon bills and promissory notes, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS by the laws now fubfifing in that part of Great Preamble, Britain called Scotland, the personal estates of such debtors as become insolvent are generally carried off by the diligences of arrefi-went and poindings executed by a few creditors, whoy from the near-ness of their resideme toy and connexion with such debtors, get the ear lie ft notice of the insolvency, to the great prejudice of creditors more remote and unconnected, and to the disappointment of that equality which ought to take place in the distribution of the estates of insolvent debtors among their creditors: therefore, to remedy such injufiice and inequality in time coming, and to render the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That when any debtor, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall suffer a poinding on a horning, or on the^i, tors precept of an inferior judge, after the days of the charge are fering poind-elapsed, to be executed against his personal estate, or any part of on a horn-ir, or shall be under diligence by horning and caption, and shall or be imprisoned, or retire to the Abbey % or any other privileged cd, or retire to place, or fly or abscond for his personal security, or defend his the Abbey.&c. person by force; or if any debtor out of Scotland, or who cannot be imprisoned by reason of privilege, shall be under diligence by letters of horning duly denounced and registered, and shall have his or her personal estate, or any part thereof, attached by ar-reftment j it shall be lawful to the creditor or creditors at whose instance the said diligence proceeds, to apply to the court of fef-

2o6 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1772.

Coort of fef- fion by a luminary petition for a feqaestration of the debtor $ fion to grant estate, which court is hereby authorised and required, upon such dt^gDUiem pphcation, and production of the grounds of debt and diligence* aforesaid, and the execution of a messenger or other officer of the

law, employed in executing the Cud diligence, and upon his, her, or their making oath to the verity of the debt, upon which the diligence has proceded, or his, her, or their known agent, making oath that he believes the debt for which the diligence has proceeded to be due, to grant warrant for citing the debtor or debtors, if more than one are bound for the debt, and the diligence aforesaid have been used against thetp, by delivering to him, her, or them, a copy of the petition personally, or by leaving it at his, her, or their dwelling-places; or if he, she, or they are out of Scotland, by affixing copies upon the market cross of Edinburgh, pier and shore of Lictb9 to appear in court within the time specified in the warrant for citation, not being less than fix, nor more than thirty days, from the date of the citation, to shew cause why sequestration Should not be awarded against his, her, or their personal estate; and if the debtor or and if they'debtors shall not appear within the time specified in the citation shall not ap- by themselves or counsel, or shall not either pay the debt upon §ebt 5 (fifcover which the diligence has proceeded, or shew other reasonablecaufc their*estate on why the court Should not proceed ta sequestration, the coort oath) shall forthwith sequestrate his, her, or their personal estate, and

appoint a factor for managing and recovering the lame} and shall likewise make an order, requiring him, her, or them, to produce their books and papers, and to make a full and fair discovery of his, her, or their whole estate, heritable and moveable, wherever situated, upon oath, if required by the petitioner or or grant a petitioners, or other creditors appearing; and to grant a dispoli-disposition for tien of his whole personal estate, wherever situated, to the factor their credi-0^ name<^ for the benefit of his whole creditors; which dispo-tors*fition shall not be reduceable upon any of the former Statutes concerning bankrupts: and if the debtor or debtors shall refuic the court to to obey such orders, the court may compel him, her, or them, compel them by imprisonment, until he, she, or they shall comply; and it by imprison- |jjc creditor or creditors, having used the diligence aforesaid, arc meat, c. desirous to apply for a sequestration of his, her, or their deb* for's personal estate in time of vacanoe, such creditor or creditors may present his, her, or their petition, and produce their Lord ordina- grounds of debt, and diligence, to the lord ordinary officiating ry'9 powers in on the bills for the time, who thereupon is authorised and retime ofva- quired to grant warrant for citing the debtor or debtors, and to

canoe# sequestrate, if proper, and to appoint a factor, and to do every

thing necessary in execution of this act, during the vacanoe; that the court is impowered to do, when the petition is present-ted to it while the court is fitting; and when the application for sequestration is made to the court, and any thing shall be left undone at theendofany session by the wantot time, the lord ordinary on the bills is authorised and required to do every thing necessary in execution of this adk, during the vacanoe, that he is impowerei

to

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72. 20f

to do when the petition for sequestration is originally presented to him and the court; or the lord ordinary on the bills, in time of vacanoe, may grant to debtors not in prison, cited under the authority of this act, a protection from personal diligence for such time as unto the court, or the lord ordinary on the bills,

shall fecm expedient, for the execution of the ad: and if the debtors cited to appear are in prison, the court, or the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacanoe, at the desire of the petitioner or petitioners, may grant warrant for bringing the persons of such debtors into court, or before the lord ordinary on the bills, in time of vacanoe, in the custody of a macer of courr, messenger, or other person authorised for that purpose; and if that is not required, may grant warrant for the liberation of such debtors; \and may, in either case, when such debtors appear in court, or before the lord ordinary on the bills in time of vacanoe, grant to them a personal protection, or not, as their behaviour in doing justice to their creditors shall seem to pierit.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- Factor pre-foresaid, That, in the nomination of a factor, the court, or the by m». lord ordinary on the bills at the time of the sequestration, shall JSro« ?o*e" prefer the person presented by the majority of the creditors con- preferred*curring in the application for sequestration, or producing their grounds of debt in the hands of the clerk to the sequestration 5

and who immediately thereafter shall cause an advertisement to be inserted in the London Gazette, and in the publick paper to who shall give be appointed as is herein after mentioned, intimating the fe- publick inti-questration, and requiring the whole creditors of the debtor or debtors to meet at the time and place appointed by the court, and require9or the lord ordinary on the bills, not sooner than thirty days the creditors after the sequestration, in order to their continuing the same 10 meet* factor, or chusing another, upon the sequestrated estate; and the person chosen by a majority in value of the creditors present at such meeting, by themselves, or by their attornies or agents authorised to act for them, and who shall then have produced their claims and vouchers, or grounds of debt, and proved their debts in manner after directed, shall be, by the court, appointed factor upon the sequestrated estate; and thereupon the powers of the factor, named at the time of the sequestration, if the person made choice of is different from him, shall cease and determine, and he shall be obliged to convey to the new factor the whole of the personal estate which the bankrupt disponed to him, and that shall then not be recovered and converted into money; and shall deliver to the new factor every part of the bankrupt's estate in his possession, and all securities taken for the same, or any part thereof, and pay such balance as may appear to be due by him when his accounts are settled.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Court of fef-said. That if circumstances lead to suspect that the debtor or ^10^n°r, orr^ debtors may embezzle, secrete, or dilapidate his, her, or their

effects, between the time of presenting the petition for fVquef- orders, tration and the sequestrating and appointing a factor, the court,

in

Factors pow-«r».

court.

Advertise-, ment to he published by the taftor for

208 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 71. [1771.

in time of session, or the lord ordinary officiating on the bills in time of /acanoe, may, at the suit of any creditor who petitions for the sequestration, and upon his, her, or their making oath, or upon the oath of his, her, or their known agent or attorney, that he, she, or they, have reason to suspect that the debtor or debtors may embezzle, secrete, or dilapidate his, her, or their effects, make such interim orders as shall be judged most expedient for preventing the estate of the debtor or debtors from being embezzled. Teemed, or dilapidated.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fadkors appointed upon sequestrated estates, in manner before directed, shall be inverted with all the powers competent by the law of Scotland to such factors as are in use to be appointed by the court for the management of sequestrated estates, or of the

subject to the e^ates'0^ persons absent or incapable of management; and (ha3 orders of the Ukewife be subject to all the duties incumbent on such faflors, and also to such other rules and orders as the court shall make, from time to time, for the more effectual and expeditious recovery, or converting into money, the estates of such insolveot debtors.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the factor appointed or continued after the meeting called in manner before directed, shall immediately publish an advmife-ment as is herein after mentioned, requiring all the creditors to

ineinThetfV. 8*vcn their cla*ms afM* vouchers, or grounds of debt, to the vouchers. clerk of the sequestration, in order that a date of the debts may be prepared by the factor; and certifying, that such creditors as shall not produce their claims, with the vouchers thereof, and make oath before the lord ordinary officiating on thrbills for the time, or before a commissioner to be named by him, or before the judge ordinary where they reside, if notice is given to the factor of the oath being to be made in that manner, and of the time when, and place where, it is to be made, upon ths verity of their debts, within nine calendar months after the date of the sequestration, shall not be intitled to any share in the first distribution of the debtor's estate among the creditors.

Oath of verity

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the of creditors 7authority aforesaid, That if any creditor shall happen to be out abroad, and of the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, his oath of verity, taken before any magistrate where he is resident at the time, or an oath of credulity by his fadtar or attorney in Scotland, shall be sufficient; and also that if any creditor is under age, the oath ot credulity of any of his factors or curators, or of the factor employed in the management of the minor's affairs, taken in the manner before directed, shall be sufficient.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the ing produced, factor, within ten days after the lapse of nine calendar month the court to from the ja|C Gf the sequestration, shall lodge, with the clerk to TothemdT sequestration, a state of the debtor's funds then come to his tors to peruse knowledge, 4jftinguishing what part of them have been convert* the same j cd into money, and what part of them are not converted; and the oath of credulity of minor's factors to be Sufficient.

Accounts be-

209

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72.

ftlfo a state of the debts which have been proved within the nine months, in manner before directed 5 and likewise pubitfh an atW vertisement, as is herein after mentioned, notifying to the creditors that he has produced a state of his accounts to the court and upon the (late of the accounts being so produced, the court shall allow twenty days to the creditors to peruse the lame, and to snake objections to them, if they any hav.es and immediately thereafter the court shall order an equal and rateable distribu- and order a tien of the estate recovered by the factor* and converted into rateable di-money, to be made amongst the creditors only who have prov- (hibution of ed their debts, apd produced their vouchers or grounds of debt rcc0-in manner before mentioned, and whose debts are not objected against; and in case any of the debts claimed upon shall be ob^ je6ted to* in whole or in part, or shall not be liquidated at the time of the distribution, the share corresponding to such debts.

(halt be forthwith lodged by the factor in the bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank, at such reasonable interest as can be cqt, not snore than one per centum under the legal interest: and in case of the said banks refufine to give such reasonable interest for the: snoney, the fafior shall lodge the same wish any banking company, named by the court, who are willing to give such reasonable interest, and to give such security for the money lodged as shall appear satisfactory to the court; and the money so lodged, shall remain until the objections are determined, and be subject to the after disposal of the court* in making an equal and rateable distribution of the debtor's estate.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-if the nine thority aforesaid, That if nine months after the sequestration months after shall expire during the time of vacanoe, the factor in that case sequestration shall produce the state of his accounts to the lord ordinary offi- vacance Uac"* ciating on "the bills for the time, and shall notify the same to the counts to be creditors, by advertisement, in manner herein after mentioned; produced to and thereupon the lord ordinary shall appoint the state of ac-J}e, oni or-counts to be seen and objected to by the creditors against the<*miiry* first sederunt day of the next session, when, or as soon after as may be, the court shall order an equal and rateable distribution to be made in the manner before directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, within ten days of When the eighteen calendar months, from the date of the sequestration, fe&or shall when it is to be expected the factor will have all the personal estate under his management converted into money, except such o/accounta. claims of the debtor as may be suspended by litigation, the factor shall make up a second state of accounts, present them to the court, or to the lord ordinary officiating on the bills for the time, and advertise the creditors in manner herein after mentioned; and the court shall proceed therein, and order a feednd distribution among the creditors, in manner before directed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Debtor, part of the debtor's personal estate as has not after the lapse of not converted eighteen months from the sequestration been converted into mo- into money, ncy, by reason of litigation, or some other impediment, shall art*r rtm

Vo*., xxx. p

Slfr

Creditors who have not produced their

5rounds of ebt, intitled only to a rateable proportion.

Penalty if the factor fails in doing his duty is not left than 51, and not exceeding

Creditor^ lb ares not called for to be lodged in the bank.

Anno duodecimo Gtonoii QL c. 7*; [1772.

fee, after the recovery thereof, distributed amoog the creditor*, at such time a« the court shall direct; the foAor bong always bound to give in hit accounts, within the irft ten fedenmt days Of each session, of the monies recovered-by him since the last accounting, until all the funds are divided.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such creditors culy who shall have produced their vouchers or grounds of debt, ari proved the verity thereof, before die day fixed for each distriba-non as before mentioned, (haB be indued to a share hi such & ftribution; and such creditors aa shall not have produced al proved the verity of their grounds of debt, shall only be indtted to a rateable proportion coirefpondent to the balances then due to the other creditors, in any distribution to be made after tier grounds of debt are produced, and the verity proved ta afro-

XII. And be it further enacted fey the authority afixdaid, That the faAor, before receiving his warrant or commission frotn the court, fluB be bound to give security, to the fatiffic' rion of the court, for his doing exact diligence in performing his duty as a fa<9or; and If he shall fail in doing his duty in any of the articles before mentioned, he shall be liable in a parity not under five pounds, and not exceeding thirty pounds of hw> ful money of Great Britain, to be applied in payment of Ac

creditors; and further, if he shall be guilty of embezzling a concealing any part of the debtor's estate, he shall be liable in treble the value of what he so embezzles or conceals, and whki shall also be applied in payment of the creditors; and the factor shall not keep in his hands, at any time, more than oae bin* dred pounds sterling of the debtors money; and what money shall come into his hands above that (urn, he (half forthwith lodge in the bank of Scotland, or Royal, or with a banking company, in the manner before directed, upon such reasonable inter eft as can be got for the money, not more than ooepccti-turn under the legal entered, otherwise he shall be liable for the legal interest thereof, and theffaAor shall have such allowance for his trouble as the court shall judge proper, at every distribution, not exceeding in whole five per centum of the (urns recovered; and the court may remove the faAor, upon auk shewn; and, upon such removal or factor's death, appoint a-iiother in his place, in manner aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&ki. That such creditors who claim upon debts, whereof the term ot payment is not come at the time of the distribution, may nevertheless, upon discounting the legal interest to the term of payment, draw their shares in proportion to what remains after such discount; and the shares of creditors, not called for at the time of the distribution, shall be lodged by the factor in one of the banks, or with a banking company in manner before direfitd, at such interest as can be got for the same, not more than one per centum under the legal interest; and the names of the persons to whom such shares are slue shall, immediately after such 2 distri-

1772.] Anno duodecimo GeotMstt lit. e./t: an

distribution, be published by advertismcst as tbs court shall di-

red, the expeace whereof shall be paid by the bank, or banking company, with whom the money shall be lodged, and shall be retained by such bank, or banking company, out of the money due when payment comes to be made.

XIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the authori- In case of

ty aforesaid, That, in the making up casts or schemes for distri- t.b*

buting the debtor's effects, all debts claimed upon, which are

intitled to a preference by the law of S not altered by this to be lodged ad, dull be preferred accordingly; and if any doubt arises in the bank, about the preference, and if the dispute is likely to occasion any considerable delay, a (hate equal to the debt claimed in preference shall be lodged in one of the banks, or with a banking company, at such interest as can be got, not more than one per ttntumunder the legal interest, in manner before directed, subject to the after disposal of the court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the factor authorised'Factormay by three-fburtbs of the creditors in Caine, prefetlt at a meeting, iiibmlt for-to be catted for that purpose byadvertafement in the manner here- bitratkm.

in after mentioned, may fobmft to arbitration, or compound, or fell by auction, any claims competent to the debtor*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That tfae time and place of No creditor all the meetings to be held in virtue of this act shall be adver-<0 have*.

tifed in the manner herein after mentioned j and at such meet- debt doetnot ing the creditors may either appear by chemselyes, or by any 10 k person authorised to act for them; and pupils and minors may appear by their tutors and curators, or by any of them, or by a person properly authorised to act for such pupils and minors g and no creditor shall have a vote at iiich meetings whose debt, does not exceed ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain j and the minutes of uich meetings, subscribed by the prefes of the meeting, deded by a majority of the creditors prefen t, or others intitled to act for them, shall hear faith.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Arrester That no arrestment of a debtor's perioral estate, or any part of obliged tode-it, used at any time within thirty days before an application for li*r the ef-n sequestration of such perioral estate, under the authority of*"* arrested* this act, shall give any preference to the anefting creditor, in the event of a sequestration taking place; and the arrestce shall be obliged to deliver the effects a netted, or pay what he owes to the insolvent debtor to the factor appointed, as if no such arrestment had been used; and if the arrestce has delivered the effects, or paid the money arrested to the arrester, by virtue of a decreet of forth-coming, or any other authority whatever, the arrester shall be obliged to pay or deliver the same to the factor appointed by the court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Poinderoblig. That no poinding of a debtor's effects, not completely executed c<* thirty days before an application for a sequestration of the debtor's ^egood* W personal estate, under the authority of this act, shall give any poinded, right or preference to the poindqr, in the event «f a sequestration

aia

Pallor ifititled to recover goods And tfft&i (bid.

debt, convey cd unjustly.

Anno duodecimo GSorOii IlL c. 7L [1771.

tien taking place; but the poinder shall be obliged to deliver to the factor the goods poinded, if not sold or disposed of, when he is required To to do; and if they are then ibid or disposed of, he shall be liable to account to the factor for the apprized viloe of the goods poinded, and which shall make part of the fund to be distributed among the creditors*

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority afarefiud, That all payments made by a debtor to his creditors, after an application for a sequestration of his personal estate, under the authorityaf andpYyment this shall be void and ineffectual to the receivers, in the of claim of event of a sequestration taking place; and the factor shall be in-

titled to recover the monies so paid as part of the bankrupt's estate*and the monies so recovered shall make a part of the fund to be distributed among the creditors: and that no bargain of Tale of, or agreement about, any goods or effects, or conveyance of any ground or claim of debt, by assignment, indorsement, or otherways, made by a debtor after an application for a sequestration of his personal estate, under the authority of this act, for any cause or consideration whatever, other than a fair and adequate price paid, or to be paid in money, shall be effectual, in the event of a sequestration taking place j and the factor shall be intitled to recover such goods and effects, so fold ora-greed for, and to recover payment of such grounds or claims of debt so conveyed, by alignment, indorsement, or otherways, for any cause or consideration, other than a fair adequate price paid, or to be paid, as if such falc, agreement, or conveyance had never been made; and the effects or debts so recovered shall make a part of the fund to be distributed among the creditors.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That prived of the ail arresters and poinders, who shall be deprived of the benefit benefit of any of their respective diligences in manner aforesaid, shall be intit* sale^toVe- led demand, and to receive the expence laid out by them in ceive essences prosecuting such diligences: and that all persons who shall be incurred. deprived, in manner aforesaid, of the benefit of any bargain of sale, or agreement about any goods or effects, or of any conveyance of claims or grounds of debt, shall likewise be intitled to demand, and to receive, all the expence they may have, bm side, incurred by the sale, bargain, or conveyance, being rendered ineffectual,

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any debtor suffers the diligence to be executed against him, which intitles the creditor who uses such diligence to petition the court of feffihn for a sequestration, it shall be competent to any other of the creditors of the debtor to apply for sequestration of the debtor's personal estate; and the court is hereby authorised and required, upon such application, and upon pro-dudion of the grounds of debt of such petitioner or petitioner?, and satisfying evidence of the diligence having been used, which is prescribed by this act, before, a sequestration can be applied for; and upon an oath being made to the verity of the debt, in manner as directed, when an application is made by the credi-

Persons de-

Couri, upon application, and production of rounds of

I

cbt.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72. 213

for who has used diligence, to grant warrant for citing the debtor, to grant war-in the same manner as if the sequestration had been applied for JuSdebto1^ by the creditor who used the said diligence, and to proceed in 111 r# the same way and manner, as if the application had been made by the creditor who used the diligence: provided always, that no such application shall be competent, unless it is made within the space of thirty days from the time the diligence was executed, which intitled the user thereof to apply for a sequestration.

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That On applica-all debtors who know themselves to be failing in their credit and tien debt* circumstances, may apply to the court of session in time of fef-

fion, or to the lord ordinary officiating on the bills, in time of to fequegra* vacanoe, setting forth their case, and offering to make a fair tien. iurrender of their personal estate: and upon such application the court, or the lord ordinary on the bills, in time of vacanoe, shall forthwith proceed to sequestration, appointing a factor, and to do all other things required by this act to be done, when sequestrations proceed upon the petition of creditors, in manner before directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Debtors not debtor shall not, after the sequestration, make a fair and full complying surrender of all his or her personal estate, and of all his or her

books, and other writings and documents whatsoever, necessary quired, to be for discovering and recovering his or her personal estate, or shall punished as not comply with what is required of him or her by this act, or fraudulent shall behave in any respect fraudulently, with regard to his or bMlkruPtt* her creditors, he or she shall be puniftted by the court as a fraudulent bankrupt, and be excluded from the benefit of the action of Cifpo Bonorum.

XaIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Nothing con-Shall prevent or affect any diligence, or other proceedings, a* tained to pre-gainst the real or heritable estates of debtors; but it shall be ?en-Al, ^Ci?ce competent to every creditor to follow forth the same in due course c

of law.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the surplus of Surplus, after every debtor's personal estate that may remain after payment of payment of his or her debts, and of the expence incurred in carrying this act into execution, shall be paid over to the debtor, or tQ his or jjebtor. her assigns or executors.

XXVI. And it is further enacted and declared, That if any If the debtor debtor shall die during the subsistence of the sequestration of his die dur* personal estate, the proceedings under this act, not with (landing ingsubsistence thereof, shall be carried on, and followed out, tq their conclu- tiont^proceed-fion; and the factor shall be intitled to sue for, and to recover ingt'to be the debtor's estate, in the same manner he would have been in- carried on. titled to do, if the debtor had continued in life.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No fee to be no fee shall be paid by any creditor to the clerks of court, or paid for an^any nerson whatever, for an oath of verity or credulity as to ifCtbe the aebt claimed being due, or for production of the interest debt does not or grounds of debt of any creditor* unless the debt claimed ex- exceed iqI. seeds foe fqtn of ten pounds lawful money of Great Britain.

tnake necessary orders*

Creditors who

14 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. C.fi, [1771.

If appeal shall

XXVIII. And be it also cnidtd by the authority aforesaid, eainst an in- ^at if any appeal shall be taken against any order or interlocu-terlocutor.&c.for the coutt of session, or again# any ad or order of the the court to*lord ordinary upon the bills in timet of vacanoe, it shallbelaw-ful and competent to the said court, in time of session, and Ion) ordinary on the bills, in rime of vacanoe, notwithstanding such appeal, to make inch orders, and direct such proceedings, as shall appear to be expedient for preventing the estate of the debtor from being embezzled, secreted, or dilapidated, while dx appeal is pendant,

XXIX. And be it eiuded by the authority aforesaid, That! any creditor who has used the diligence of horning and caprien prevented by a8a'n^ his or her debtor, shall be prevented from imprijbninr the court of his or her debtor, by the debtor's hiving obtained a persond session from protfdion from the court of fcffioa, or the lord ordinary on the imprisoning bills, in pursuance of this sd{ the mefleoger employed to ip-ftafl inati % Prehen<* the debtor, returning, in his execution, that be hat adiona, be t*40 prevented from imprisoning the debtor, by the debtor's deemed equal having obtained such personal protection, shall, in all a&iont to imprison- and questions that may strife upon the cofiftrudion sod effefl of |nenU the act of the parliament of Scotland, passed in one thousand six hundred and ninety-six, intituled An all far deflating stum bankrupts, be held and deemed equal to imprisonmem. Majority of XXX- And be it further enacted and declared by the autho. freditort w rity aforesaid, That if two-thirda in value of the creditors pip ttt, in place ^nt* ty themselves, or others impowered to act for them, at of, ft$or the meeting advertised for chafing a second factor, and haring

Sroved their debts in manner before directed, shall judge it to e more for the interest of the creditors to manage the bankrupt's personal estate by the assistance of ttuftees, than to continue it under the management of a factor appointed by the coon of lefiioD, it shall be lawful for them to chute a trustee or millets, for that purpose, at that meeting; or for two-third* of the creditors in va)ue, at any subsequent meeting called for that purpose by advertisment, in manner herein after mentioned, pub-jithed thirty days at lea# prior to the day of meeting, to (holt such trustee or trustees, and upon the minutes of the crediton making choice of such trustee or trustees being produced to the pourt, with qn acceptance on the part of the trustee or trullm pamed, the court uiall, and they are hereby required to nuke an act or order, declaring the personal estate of the bankrupt within Sttlland to be vested in the trustee or trustees defied for the benefit of the whole creditors, and directing the factor to convey to the trustee or trustees all the personal estate of the bankrupt out of Scotland, which has been conveyed to him by the bankrupt, so for as had not been recovered; and to deliver to the said trustee or trustees, or to any factor to be appointed by them, in manner hereafter directed, every part of the bankrupt's personal estate, and all writings concerning the same, and to pay the balance that shall appear to be due upon his ac-pquffts, be receiving such sum fqr the trouble be has been at as the

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72. 215

the court shall direct, and from thenceforth the sequestration shall cease, and the management of the bankrupt's personal e-slate shall bocommitted to the trustee or trustees.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Trustee* may That the said trustee or trustees may either act in the manage* chufeafactor, merit of the bankrupt's estate, or may appoint a factor, for

whom they shall be answerable, to act for them, and may give such a reasonable reward to such factor for his trouble, pot exceeding five pounds sterling per (tittum, of the money recovered by him, or such other allowance as may be specified in the minutes of the creditor* wherein the trustee or trustees are cleded.

XXXII. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid. Majority of That two-thirds of the creditors in value may, at any meeting, creditors may remove the trustee or trustees, and appoint another or others in

their place; and the former trustee or trustees, after receiving a po^t othcpu copy of the minutes appointing the new trustee or trustees, and of the acceptance of the new trustee or trustees, subscribed by the prefes of the meeting, shall be bound to account to the new trustee or trustees for their or his management, and to deliver to such new trustee or trustees, or to the ra&or to be appointed by them, or for whom they shall be answerable, all cftcds which belonged to the bankrupt in their custody, and all papers concerning the same, with a conveyance to the new trustee or trustees of such parts of the bankrupt's estate as have pot been recovered; and upon the death of any trustee or trustees, two-thirds of the creditors in value, may at any.meeting, appoint another or others in his or their place.

XXXIII. Providing always. That the meeting where such for

removal and appointment of trustees are made shall be called by such removal pne or more creditors, by advertisement as is herein after men- tobec*lied by tinned; which advertisement shall be repeated twice at the least,

iorty days before the day of meeting, and contain an intimation of the purpose for which the meeting is calied,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Trustee* to said. That the minutes of the meeting of creditors, appointing perform the trustees, subsenbed by the prefes of the meeting, and of the acceptance of the trustees subscribed by themselves, shall be evi- the minute*. (fence in all courts of jpftice; and the said trustee or trustees shall be liable to perform all the condition* specified in the minutes, in which they are elected and appointed, and shall be bound to account to the creditors for the legal interest of all money recovered from the bankrupts, that shall appear to be ip their hand;, or in the hands of their factor, at any time, exceeding the sum of ope hundred pounds lawful money of Great Britain, except in so far as this rule may be relaxed by the creditors in their minptes, in which the trustee or trustees are e-lefled and appointed. Court top.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose of point one of parrying this act more effectually into execution, the court of the Edinburgh fcffiop mall be, and hereby is, authorised and required, to ap- ^adver-

point, tUeotenu.

NqViIW of exchange, or

216 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1771.

point, from time to time, one publick paper, printed at Edinburgh, wherein may and shall be ialerted all such advertisemenu as are herein before directed to be published.

After May 1 e, XXXVI. Jnd whereas it would be advantageous to trait in that

I77*t proraiu pnrt Of Great Britain called Scotland, that premjfory notes were d-tSar interest^f"mmary execution and other privileges with bills; be

at tiilU. it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, the same diligence and execution shall be compc-tent, and shall proceed upon promissory notes, whether holograph or not, as is provided to pass upon bills of exchange, and inland bills, by the law of Scotland, and that promissory notes shall bear interest as bills, and shall pass by indorfation; and that indorsees of promissory notes shall have the same privileges as indorsees of bills in all points.

XXXVII. Jnd whereas the not limiting bilk andpromijforj netti to a moderate endurance in that part of Great Britain called Scot-

pot«! execut-an<* Pas ^een foun& b txperience to he attended with greet imme-ed after May niencies; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority 3-15, 177*, to be foresaid, That no bill of exchange, or inland bill, or promissory note* executed after the fifteenth day of May, one thousand gence* seven hundred and seventy-two, shall be of force, or effectual tq unless such Produce any diligence or a£Hon in that part of Great Britain aW-diligence shall Scotland, unless such diligence shall be raised and executed, or

be ulfed before action commenced thereon, within the space of six years from the expiration and after the terms at which the sums in the said bills or notes of six years, became exigeble.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no bill of exchange, or inland bill, or'pomiflory note, which has been or shall be granted before the said fifteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, shall be of force, or effectual to produce any diligence or action, unless such diligence has been or shall be raised, or action has or shall be commenced thereon before the expiration of flx years, from and after the said fifteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

B*nJc bills not XXXIX. Providing always. That no notes, commonly call-comprehend- cd Bank Notes or Post Bills, issued or to be iflbed by any bank or banking company, and which contain an obligation of payment to the bearer, and are circulated as money, shall be comprehended under the aforesaid limitation or prescription 5 and rhat it shall and may be lawful and competent, at any time after the expiration of the said six years, in either of the cases before mentioned, to prove the debts contained in the said bills, and promissory notes, and that the same ere resting and owing by the oaths or writs of the debtor.

XL. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the years of the minority of the creditors, in such notes or bills, shall not be computed in the said six years.

XLI. And it is further enacted and declared, That all inland bills and prqmiflbry notes shall he protested in like manner as

foreign

Bills of exchange. See. granted before May 15, ?77*> to be subject to the above limitation.

ed under the above limitation.

Years of minority not to tje computed.

Prqmilforjr notes and inland bills to

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. 217

foreign bills before the expiration of the three days of grace, o- beprotefted as therwife there shall be no recourse against the drawers or indor- forel|n h^U. fers|of such inland bills, or against the indorsers of such promifr*

Tory notes; and it shall be sufficient to preserve the said recourse, if notice is given of the dishonour within fourteen days after the protest is taken, without prejudice to the notification of the dif« honour of foreign Hits, to be made within such time as is required by the ulage and custom of merchants.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. After May 15, That from and after the said fifteenth day of May9 one thousand «77*» seven hundred and seventy-two, summary execution, by horn- {7xec4tion, ing, or other diligence, mall pass upon bills, whether foreign or stall faTrlTup-inland, and whether accepted or protested for non-acceptance, on billt, Ac, and upon all promissory notes duly negociated, not only against the accepters of such bills, or grantors of such notes, but also against the drawers of such bills, and the whole indorsers of the said bills and notes jointly and severally, excepting where the indorfation is qualified to be without recourse, saving and reserving to the drawers or indorsers their respective claims of re* course against each other, and all defences against the same, according to law.

XLIII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, After Mayli5, That from and after the said fifteenth day of May % one thousand >77* fumraa-seven hundred and seventy-two, summary execution, by horn- |7 execution ing, or other diligence, mail be competent to the indorsee of a bill, although the protest is not in the name of the indorsee tent to the m-craving the diligence; and although the bill is not re-conveyed dorfec. to him by indorfation, if he produces a receipt for the value by of honour, or a missive letter from the protesting indorsee, mentioning the dishonour agreeable to the practice of merchants in returned bills.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The act to That the present act shall continue, and be in force for seven for

years, from the said fifteenth day of fl4ajy one thousand seven 7 7 hundred and seventy-two, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for the better regulation of buildings and party to alls within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof and other the parishes, precincts, and places in the weekly bills of mortality, the parishes of Saint Mary-le-bon and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex; and for tfre better preventing of mischiefs by fire within the said (ities, liberties, parishes, precincts, and places, and for amending and reducing the laws relating thereto into one aft; and for other purposes.

WHEREAS the several acts of parliament now in forte for Pr.a.nble. regulating buildings and party walls, and for preventing tnif

2i8 Anno duodecimo Georgii ID. C. 73. [1772.

tkitfi happening by fire, fer providing fire-engines, obtum^t Juffuitnt /apply of water at, mfer paying rewards a/Kfling at fires within the of London and Westminster, ad tie liberties thereof, and other the plow within the weekly bills of mortality, the fevered purifies of Saint Mary-Je-bon and Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Lake e Cheffes, in the county of Middlesex, and the provisitiu, rtgnktim, and rtfiriaiens, made and spetified in and by the frveral t&, hove, in many respt&s, been found iyfitfficieat to cm/wtr the good pv-ptfes intended thereby: and whereas it will tend to the safety of inhabitants, and prevent great inconveniences to builders and voerbu employed in buildings within the said cities and periptt,

preeinfls, and places, if same of the find acts were repealed, exi tu good and wholefomt laws and provisiems therein contained wen n-enabled and reduced into one aO, with further rqnletim,

amendments, and previsions respecting buildings, end for lit preventing mifebiefsby fire as aforesaid 2 may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it eroded by the King'i most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord* spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect Itoles to be parliament assembled, and by the authority of the lane, That obfmed in from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand the erection seven hundred and seventy-two, in all buildings to be built within the said cities, liberties, parishes, precincts, and places, 01 and every of them, the rules, directions, and reforidions herein after prescribed Oral] be duly observed by all persons therdo concerned $ and that no house or other* building shall be ended within the limits aforesaid, but such as shall be purAaant to liicfa rules and orders of buildings as are herein after particularly appointed, any law, Statute, or usage to the contrary notvrithlunding; (that is to say,) that all fronts and rear walls of every house or tenement, for habitation, to be built as aforesaid, within the limits aforesaid, shall be built of brick or Hone, or of brick and stone together, (except found Square bond timbers, door cases, and window frames, (butters, (lory pods, and brass* summer fronts to the ground floor flory, and cornices to the breast-summer fronts;,) and that all the front walls of every such house or tenement for habitation shall be carried up to the foil height of eighteen inches above the gutter, and coped with stone, tile, or brick, and not otherwise; and that from and aha the said twenty-fourth day of one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, every house or tenement for habitation, which shall be so erefled and built, shall have party walls between house and house, or other buildings, wholly of brick «r stone, or of brick and (lope together, (ail necessary found (quart bond timbers only excepted j) and that such party walls between house and house shall be built, one half thereof on the (oil or feite of each of the said houses; and that every party wall, or frank, or side wall of every such house or building, the expence, of building and finishing of which house shall exceed the fumot pne bunched and twenty pounds, shall be of the thickness of

no

1

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. €.73^ ft 19

two bricks and one half in length, or one foot and nine inches at the least in the cellar or lowed story, and of two bricks in length, or one foot five inches, and one half of an inch, firom thence upwards to the garret floor, and from the garret floor upwards one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches and shall be carried up of such lait mentioned thicknefe to the full height of eighteen inches above the roof of gutters adjoin* ing the reto\ and to every house or tenement for habitation, the expence of building and finishing of which house shall not exceed the sura of one hundred and twenty pounds, every party wall, and every flank or side wall, shall be of the thickness of one brick and an half in length, or thirteen inches in the cellar, or lowed dory, and from thence upwards, shall be carried up of the thickness of one brick in length, or nine inches, to the full height of eighteen inches above the roof or gutters adjoin* ing thereto $ and that all and every the bricks which shall be used in every such party walls shall be good, found, hard, and well-burnt bricks, and none other $ and that no timbers (except the girders, binding^ and trimming joids, and the templets under the same, and all such necessary bond timbers as aforesaid) shall be laid into any such party wall, or flank, or side wall as aforesaid; and that Do timbers of the roof shall be laid into any such party wall, or flank, or side wall, (except the purloins or kirbs thereof, and gutter plates,) snd that no girder, bindings or trimming joids, shall lie more than nine inches within such party wall, flank, or side wall, and that no girder, binding, or trimming joids, in houses or buildings adjoining to each other,

shall meet or be laid opposite to each other, and that the fides thereof shall be at lead nine inches distant from each other 5 and that there shall be five inches at the lead of solid brickwork left at or between the ends of all lentils, wall plates, and bond timbers, tQ be hereafter used in any such buildings as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the atitho- No bow win-rity aforesaid, That no bow window or other projection shall dows.ro be be built, made, set up, or affixed in, to, against, or before any house or other building, situate in any publick street, lane, or place, fronting to any such dreet, lane, or place, (except for Exception for the convenience of a (hop pr (hops only ;,) and where any such (hops, window, or other projection, shall be (o made, set up, or fixed, for the convenience of a (hop or (hops, the same shall not project or extend forwards more than five inches from the upright of the house or building to thofront of the (tail-board, in any dreet, lane, or place, which mall not be thirty-two feet-wide, nor more than ten inches from such upright to the front of the fiall-board, in any dreet, lane, or place, being more than thirty-two feet wide; and that no such projection, in any case shall be carried higher than the ground dory, or story next above the level of the street, lane, or place of the house or other building, in, to, against, or before which the same shall be made or plac-fd j nor shall any {oof qver any projection, by this act allowed

Pfonfo.

Gate-ways,

Uc. to be left lor carriages to pals to wharfit

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.' [1771.

Co be made or set up, be higher than the fill of the one pair of stairs window of such last mentioned house or building; and that no timber building, projection; or erection whatsoever, (otherwise than as aforesaid,) shall be built or erected in the front or rear, or on the top of any house or building; any custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this act contains! shall extend, or be conftnjed to extend, to interfere with, a make void any of the powers heretofore given by any act of parliament to the commissioners of sewers, lamps, and pavements, for the city of London, and the liberties thereof.

IV. And whereas in the building of houses or other building m or adjoining to the river Thames, it may be proper and convmatu erect or leave arebways, or other gateways, for tarts and tarriqtsn pass under the said houses % or fomepart or parts of some oftbmti wharfs near or adjoining to the said river, and to place or fa bmf summers iffto the walls of such part or parts of fitch houses9fi extend ing over or aerofs fitch archways or gateways; be it therefore ended by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the builder of the party wall or party walls of any house or houses, or other buildings, near or adjoining to the said river, within the limits aforesaid, to make or leave archways or gateways for carriages to pass to the said wharfs, in such pan of the ground and cellar floors, or either of them, of any such house or houses, or other buildings, and to place and fix a proper bread*summer or breast-summers, over any such archedway or gate-way; any thing herein contained, or any law, Statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every wall and w*Hs to be erected or set up upon any breast-summer,

rfs to be over tny such arched-way or gate-way, shall not be less than nc and onc an{j an half, or thirteen inches thick; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per-

Walli aerofs gate-ways to wharfs to be one brick ai half thick.

In what cafea

ad builder __________^__________ _ _ ^________r

!fe Pnrty fons, who shall build'against any such party wall or party walls, w*flank, or side wall or walls, and shall have paid the full and due proportion of the charges of building such wall or walls, according to the directions herein after set forth, to cut into such wall or walls, and to lay into the same, according to the directions and regulations herein prescribed, girders, binding joists, and templets, under the same, according to the said directions and regulations, at such distances, and in such manner, as the first builder might do, and not otherwise; and also to make indents of not more than four inches, for inferring of partition walls and jambs of chimnies therein; and also to make an indent into the end of any adjoining front wall, not more or deeper than (bur inches, for the purpose of joining the walls between house and house; and to cut into any such wall or walls, where there is no funnel, the depth of five inches, and not more or deeper, for the purpose only of laying (lone steps into the same wall or walls i

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.. ft1

walls; and of the depth of four inches, and not more or deeper? for laying timbers for flairs or steps of wood; but shall not cut into, or wound any such wail or walls, in any other part or parts thereof, or in any other manner or for any other purpose whatsoever; and that no cornice or projection of wood, in or upon any other wall of any house or other building, already built, of hereafter to be built, in any (treet, lane, or place, within the limits aforesaid, shall be maoe or differed, except to frontispieces of doors, and such (hop windows as are hereby authorised to be made,

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Regulation* aforesaid, That if any person or persons, being possessed of, and for placing antitied unto any ground adjoining to any flank or side wall of -

a house or building for habitation, about to be built* or building 'L on any new foundation or foundations, according to the direc- y tiens of this act, shall be desirous of building any house or tenement for habitation on the ground so adjoining, and of having chimney jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies, for such his, her, or their intended house or building, erected and set into any (ueh flank or side wall; or being possessed of any house or other building, adjoining to any house or tenement for habitation, hereafter to be built on any old foundation or foundations, within the limits of this act, shall be desirous of having chimney jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies, for such adjoining house or tenement, erected and set into any party wall or walla hereafter to be erected according to the directions of this act, and of such desire shall and do give notice in writing to the builder or builders thereof, or any one of them at any time before any such flank or side wall or party wall shall be begun to be built; then, and in that case, such builder or builders shall, and is and are hereby directed and required, from and after such notice so given, to erect in a proper substantial, and workmanlike manner, such and so many chimney jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies, in all such parts of every such flank, or side wall, or party wall unbuilt at the time of such notice, as shall be by the person or persons giving such notice required and directed, hot interfering with, or injurious to the jambs and flues of the chimnies to be built to the adjoining house or tenement, nor being in any respect contrary to the rules, orders, regulations and restrictions, in and by this act prescribed and directed: and from and after the erecting and setting up such jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies so required to be built, the person or persons giving any such notice as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors and administrators, shall, to all intents and purposes, be deemed and taken to have made use of every such flank, or side wall, or party wall, and shall be from thenceforth liable to pay the whole expence of erecting and setting up all and every such jambs, breads, and flues of chimnies erected and built in pursuance of such notice, 'and also one full moiety of the expence of the whole of every wall or walls in which such jambs, breads, and flues shall Dc so erected > to be computed

222 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.

[1)71.

pitted 2nd ascertained as herein after directed, and to be recover* able and recovered, with foil or common cofis of suit, in the same or like manner as any other proportion of any party mil or other wail is herein and hereby made recoverable.

Thicknest of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, chimney That all jambs and backs of chimnies, which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, shall be eroded or built within the limit* aforesaid, dull be at least one brick and an half, or thirteen inches thick, in the cellar or lowed dory of the buildings whet, in the same shall be erected, and from thence to the upper story of such building, one brick or nine inches thick; and that all withs, in the inside of such chimnies, shall be the breadth of t Beimel* to be brick or four inches thick} and that all the funnels of such pi littered and chimnies shall be pi aidered or pargetted on the inside on all pan P?'jFtted|1 thereof from the bottom to the top, and shall al(b be pliidend without, 0, 1 P*rgdted without side to the deling of the upper dory; and tint the flues of every chimney on the outside of every such party wall as aforesaid, next to any vacant ground, shall be lime-whited, from the bottom to the roof of tin house or budding > Hearth* to be and that every chimney, to be built as aforesaid, shall be "bed with turned or arched under the hearth thereof with bride, except on the lowest story of the building wherein the same shall be ended; and that no timber shall lie or be placed nearer then five inches to any chimney funnel or fire place; and that every mantle between die jambs of chimnies shall be arched over with brick, or set upon an iron bar or iron bars } and that no wood or waiofcot whatever shall be placed or affixed to the front of any such jamb or mantic nearer than five inches from the inside of such jamb or mantle; and that no fiove, bailer, copper, or oven, shall, from and after the find twenty-fourth day or Jau,r*to 0116 thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, be £et up, fixed, or hung within the limits aforesaid, otherwise than with iron, brick, or stone; nor shall the flue of any such fiove, boiler, copper, or oven, be placed nearer than nine inches to any timbtf or wood, for or on any pretence whatsoever,

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of Jem, one thoofond (even found nod and seventy-two, it shall not be lawful to make or have in any flank or side wall of any house or building agrinft or adjoining to which any other house or bailding it to be, or may be ended, or in any party wall of any house a building for habitation within the limits aforesaid (except u herein-before expressed and directed) any door-case, window-lentil, breast-fumtner, story post, or plate whatever, unless where two or more bodes or other buildings shall be laid together, and being so laid together shall be used and occupied as one house or building.

Direction* re- X. And be it further enacted by fire authority aforesaid, spefting front That if the front or rear wall of any house or other building*aUvflory* habitafion, which* from and after the fiud twenty-fourth day

brick.

Between the jamb* to be arched with brick, er set on iron.

How floret, boiltrs, and

Ho breast-fnmmer, door-case, window. to be in any party wall.

772.} Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. aa$

f ? /, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, shall be pofti, breatt-rected or built within the limits aforesaid, shall be built; made, rummer*,

r carried up, otherwise than with brick or done, or brick and P?r*y tone together, (except as herein excepted;,) or if any such front ^ft^chira* rail shall not be built and carried up from the foundation of such nie»/bow toufe or other building to the full height herein directed and window*, &c. equired; or if any such wall shall not be coped with done, tile, J-°

>r brick; or if any such house or other building which shall be

reded shall not have such party wall and walls, flank, or side'vails, wholly of brick or done, or of brick and done together, is herein before di reded and required, (except as herein except-xl j) or if any such party wall, flank, or side wall, shall be in iny part thereof of a lesser thicknefa than is herein-before preen bed, or shall not be carried up to the full height herein di* cCted and required; or^f any bricks, other than good, found, tard, well-burnt bricks, shall be laid, put into, or lift'd in any ueb party wall, flank, or side wall; or if any timber, other than prders, binding, and trimming joids, and templets under them, ind other than necessary found square bond timbers; or if any imber of the roof (except the purloins and kirbs thereof, and fitter plates) shall be laid into any party wall, flank, or side vail, as aforesaid; or if any girder, or binding, or trimming*oid, shall be laid into any party wall, more than nine inches) ir if the ends of any girders, binding, or trimming joids, in any djoining houses, or other buildings, shall meet or be laid eppo-ite to each other $ or if the tides of any girders, or binding, of rimming joids, in any adjoining house, or other building, shall lot be of the full didance herein directed, from each other; of f there shall not be five inches in breadth, at the lead, of solid rick-work left between the ends of all and every lentils, wall lates, or bond timbers j or if any bow window, or other pro-sction, shall be buitt, made, set up, or affixed to, against, of efore any house or other building fronting to any dreet, lane,

>r place, except for the convenience of a (hop or (hops only;

>r if any bow window, or other projection for the convenience f a (hop or (hops shall project or extend forward more than ive inches from the upright of the house or building to the front f the Hall-board in any dreet, lane, or place, not being thirty-wo feet wide, or more than ten inches from such upright to the ront of the dall-board in any dreet, lane, or place, which shall e more than thirty-two feet wide, or shall be higher than the sp of the ground-dory, or dory next above the level of the Teet, lane, or place of the house or other building, to, or against, r before which the same shall be made or placed; or if any roof ver any projection by this act allowed to be made or set up shall be higher than the fill of the one pair of flairs window of ich last mentioned house or building; or if any timber build-tig, erection, or projection whatever, other than by this act aimed, shall be built or erected in the front or rear, or on the of of any house or building; or if any person or persons who tall build against any party waH, or end or side wall, shall make any

224 Anno duodecimo GtoRfiii lit. C. 7g.

[1771.

idy indent of more than four inches for infesting any partition wall and jambs of chimnies therein, or shall make in any adjoining front wall an indent more or deeper than font inches,

for the better adjoining of the front walls between house and house, or shall cut into any other part of any such wall to any greater depth than five inches for the laying of stone steps into the same, or more than four inches for laying stairs or steps tf woodj of if any cornice or projection of wood, except to (hops having breast-summer fronts, and to frontispieces of doors, and such bow window* as are hereby authorised to be made, shall be put or suffered in any front or rear wall of any house or othe building already built) or hereafter to be built, within the limits aforesaid, or other wall fronting to any street, lane, or place; or if the jamb or back of any chimney to be built within the limits aforesaid shall not be at least ope brick and an half or thirteen inches thick in the cellar or lowest story, and brick or nine inches to the upper story; or if any with within the inside of any chimney shall be less than four inches thick; or if any funnel in any such chimney shall not be piaiftered or pargerted within and without, as herein before-directed; or if on the flue of every chimney, on the outside of every party wall next to any vacant ground, shall not be limewhited from the bottom to the roof of the house or building \ or if any chimney hereafter to be built within the limits aforesaid shall not be turned or arched under the hearth with brick, except in the lowed story; or if any timber shall lie or be placed nearer than five inches to any chimney, funnel, or fire-place; or if any mantle between the jambs of the chimney shall not be arched over with brick, or set upon an iron bar or iron bars i or if any wood or wain-scot shall be placed or affixed to the front of the jamb or mantle nearer than five inches from the inside of such jamb or mantle; or if any stove, boiler, copper, or oven, shall be set up, placed, or hung otherwise than herein-before directed; or if, for or any account or pretence whatever, any party wall, or end or side wall whatever, shall be cut into or wounaed, (except as is herein excepted;,) or if any door case, window, window frame, lentil, breast-summer, story post, plate, or timber, (all necessary bond timber as aforesaid excepted) shall be fixed, set up, or put into any party wall, or end or side wall, except where two or more houses or other buildings shall be laid together, and ufd under the pe- and occupied as one house or building*then, and in every or nalty of 50L any such case, the master or head builder, master bricklayer, or master workman, or other person causing such building to be erected and built, shall, for every offence or default as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds $ one moiety thereof to be paid to the ©verfeer or overseers of the poor of the parHh, precinct, or place wherein the offence was committed, for tie use of such poor only, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons suing for the same; to be recovered by action 0! debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's coorti of record at JViJlminJiir, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law. or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73/ 42g

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Parishioner*, That the parishioners and inhabitants of the parish, precinct, &c- where the or place where any offence agsrinft this act shall be comm*Ued^enn^t, t*cJ (except persons receiving alms) shall be admitted and allowed be* witnesses. to be competent witnesses in thetrial or otherwise, in any action,

bill, plaint, or information, in any of the said courts of record* or at or upon the hearing and determination of any information before the mayor of London*, or other justice of the peace, for or concerning any offence or offences against this present act, not* withstanding his, her, or their being a parishioner or parishioners*'inhabitant or inhabitants, in such parish, precind, or place.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Builder, after That the matter or head builder, matter bricklayer, or matter conviction, to workman, or other person causing such building 10 be erected, [|^jaS?£ against whom any of the fqrfeitures or penalties aforesaid shall OIf^ln of a be recovered, shall, and is hereby required, within the space of further pe-nine months next after the recovery thereof, to make good all of 30U such defects and irregularities, for which every such forfeiture

and penalty was recovered, and render the building of such house and houses, or othdr building or buildings, conformable to the directions of this present act: and in case all or any of the defects and irregularities for which such forfeiture or forfeitures, penalty or penalties, was or were recovered shall not be made good, and the building of the said house or houses, or other buildings. shall not be rendered conformable to the directions of this present act, within the said nine months; then every person or persons against whom such recovery shall have been*

shall forfeit the Sum of fifty pounds; to be recovered and applied in the same or like manner as the before-mentioned forfeitures and penalties are herein-before directed to be recovered and applied, and so toties quoties* for every nine months that such defeats and irregularities shall continue 3 and that such house or houses, or other buildings, shall remain built otherwise than conformable to the directions of this present act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Workmen do* That if any workmen or servants to any matter or head builder, ing any thing matter bricklayer, or matter workman, or other person or per- co.nlrarn° fons causing such buildings to be erected. shall wilfully, care-0j*1 lessly, or negligently, and without the direction, privity, or consent of such matter or head bricklayer, or matter workman, do

any thing in or about such buildings, contrary to the directions of this act, every such workman or servant so offending, shall, for every offence, upon conviction thereof before the mayor of London, or other justice of the peace for the said city of London, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex or county of Surrey* or the city and liberty of Westminster, or the liberty of his Majesty's Tcwer of London,

(as the case shall be) upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath the said mayor and every such justice is hereby impowered and required to administer,) or up-

on his own confession. shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; one Vol* XXIX, moiety

2a€ Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73; [1771.

moiety thereof to be paid to the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish, precinct, or place wherein the offence was com.

tnitted, for the use of the poor only, and the other moiety there, of to the informer; and if any such forfeiture of ten pounds shall not be paid upon and immediately after such conyiflioo, then the offender shall, by warrant, under the hand and lea! of such mayor or other justice, (except as herein after is excepted,] be committed to the house of correction, there to remain wiL out bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three mods, nor less than one month, unless the said penalty shall be fooooer paid.

Owners in-

XIV. And whereas several houses and other buildings, with* tk to limits aforesaid, are in part erected and built over the grmiesi in^toVhe aft f0^ of anot"*r* or ot^er proprietor or proprietors, or the fiverdrm but are pre-or floors of such houses lie intermixed over or under each other Jotkt vented by the a party wall between such houses cannot he built upon the old fours-premises being eions perpendicular through all theflories, without pulling down jof writ? thepro* houses, and laying parts of each to the other, or others, of futb bovfo, perty of othern which cases difficulties have arisen, or may arise, bmonjtftk owners under said several owners or proprietors, and the rebuilding the fmpre-disability, or mises, and the said party walls thereof \ may be thereby prevented cr totalmay ap- delayed, to the great injury or inconvenience of such of the cwimst ply to the are deftrous of rebuilding: for remedy whereof, and in order to prt-

mayor, or to vent the fatal effects of fire, be it enacted by the authority afore-the justice* at said. That in all and every or any of such cases, when any fcffionfc ^ar owner or proprietor of any such house or other building within the limits aforesaid, intermixed as aforesaid, shall be defirousof rebuilding his, her, or their said house or other building, and the owner or owners of such house or other building, which did or shall thereto adjoin, shall not be able or willing to join, or by reason of any legal disability cannot join in such rebuilding, then if the party or parties so desirous of rebuilding his, her, or their house or houses, or other buildings, shall give notice in writing, to the owner or owners of such house or hooses, or other buildings, which did or shall thereto adjoin, that he, she, or they, so intending to rebuild, will apply to the court of mayor and aldermen of the city of London, to be holden in the oarer chamber of the guildhall of the said city, according to thecuf-

tom of the said city, when the premiles, or any part thereof' shall be situate within the said city, or the liberties thereof; to the justices of the peace for the county of Middle fix % in thea general or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, when the premises, or any part thereof, shall be situate in the said county of Middlesex; or to the justices of m'peace for the county of Surrey, in their general quarter sessioni of the peace for the said county of Surrey, when the premisc, ! or any part thereof, shall be situate in the said county of Sum or to the justices of the peace for the said city and liberty of Westminster, in their general quarter session of the peace for tfc said city and liberty, when the premises, or any part thereof, shall be situate in the said city or liberty) or to the justices tbs

1772'l Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73* the pesice lor the said liberty of the Tower of London, in their, general quarter sessions of the peace for the said liberty, when the premises, or any part thereof, shall be situate in the said liberty, which shall be next holdeti after fourteen days from the delivery of such notice, in order to obtain the judgement and determination of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or of the said court of sessions, (as the case shall be,) touching the rebuilding the house or houses, or other buildings, or party walls, to be described in such notice, and for ascertaining the feite ot a perpendicular party wall or party walls, to be built according to the directions and restrictiotls in this act contained and described, by delivering a true copy of such notice to the owner or owners of such house or houses, or other buildings, which did or shall adjoin, or by leaving the same at his, her, or their lad or usual place of abode, or by delivering a true copy of such notice to the tenant in possession of such house or houses, or other buildings, which did or shall so adjoin, or by fixing such copy to or upon the door, or other notorious part of such lad-mentioned house or other building \ then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen, and to and for the justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, in their general or quarter sessions of the peace for the (aia county of Middlesex, and to &hd for the said justices of the peace in their general quarter sessions of the peace respectively, (as the case shall be,) and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon application to them by the party or parties so desirous to rebuild, and upon such proof of such notice as they (frail deem reasonable* to itfue their warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, to the sheriffs of Lohdon, or to Sheiiffi to the sheriff of the said county of Middlesex, or sheriff of the said county of Surrey, or sheriff or bailiff of the liberty of his Majes- purp£fes ty's Tower of JLondon, (as the case shall be,) requiring the rin dr determining him respectively, to Impanel and return a competent number of whether pr«-substantial and disinterested persons, qualified to serve on juries within the respective districts for which they are summoned, not 04 t,c*

less than twenty-four, nor more than thirty-six; and out of such persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a jury of twelve persons shall be drawn by fofne perfort or persons to be by the said rourt Or session appointed, in such manner as juries are directed to be drawn for the trial of ifiues joined in his Majesty's Courts of record at Westminster, by an act made in the third year of the reign of his late majddy King George the Act j Geo. * Second, (intituled An act for the betted regulation of juries \) which persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said court of mayor and aldernlen, or before the said Courts of sessions for the said county of Middlesex, or county of Surrey y or city and liberty of Westminster; or the liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, (as the case shall be,) at such time and> place as in such warrant or warrants precept or precepts shall be di-xefted and appointed, and there to attend, from day to day un-. ' QJZ'ul

i2f Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1772.

til discharged by the court; and all parties Concerned shall and may have their lawful challenges against any of the said jury, Witnessci may but shall not be at liberty to challenge the array; and the said be cited. court of mayor and aldermen, and any of the said courts of the " said county of Middlesexor Surrey, city and liberty of Wtftmn-fiery or liberty of the Tower of London, is and are hereby authorised and impowered, by precept or precepts, from time to tins, as occasion shall require, to call before them respectively all and every person and persons who shall be thought proper orn?-

ceflary to be examined as a witness or witnesses before them, their oath or oaths, concerning the premises and either of the said courts, if they shall think fit, shall and may likewise authorise the said jury to view the place or places in question, in such manner as they shall direct j and shall have power to command such jury, and all such witnesses and parties as shall be necefcry or proper, to attend until all such affairs for which they are summoned shall be concluded; and the said jury, upon their oaths, (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence to any or either of the said courts, the said courts are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer,) shall inquire and try, and determine by their verdict, whether the premises in every or any of the cases aforesaid ought to be rebuilt or not; and if the same ought to be rebuilt, to award and determine the fcite of a perpendicular party wall or party walls of such house or houses, or other buildings, so intended to be rebuilt, as near to the old foundation as may be, and to ascertain the quantity of the foil or ground, (if any] necessary to be laid to or taken from the house of the person or ersons desirous to rebuild, permitting such person or persons to erect a perpendicular party wall or party walls upon or as near as may be to such old foundation or foundations, as aforesaki; and to fix, ascertain, and award what (if any) compensation or " recompence Should be made, given, and paid by any or either

of the said parties in difference to the other or others of them in lieu of the lessening either of the said houses, or other build-Court to give ings, by such perpendicular party wall or party walls; and the corffn^to^" court maXor aldermen, and the said sessions respectg - tively shall give judgement according to such verdict, as well for the fcite of such intended party wall or walls, as also for such sum or sums of money (if any) to to be assessed by the said jury; and shall and may (if they (haQ fee fit) award to either of the parties such costs as they shall deem just and reasonable; which verdict or verSidh, and the judgement, order, or determination thereupon, shall be binding and condusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever, against all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, claiming any estate, right, title, trust, use, or interest in, to, or out of the said premises, or any part thereof, either in possession, reversion, remainder, or ex-pedlaney, as also against the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, and against infants and issue unborn, lunaticks, idiots; and femes 'Covert, and persons under any other

legal

such verdict,

and judge, ment to be binding.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.'229

legal incapacity or disability* and all trustees and £eftuique trusta, his, her, and their successors, heirs, executors, and administrators, and against all other persons whomsoever: and all and Judgements, every the said verdicts, judgements, orders, and determinations, fcc.beentered and all other proceedings of the said court of mayor and alder- ?of rccor*men, and court of sessions, so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be by the town clerk of the<ycity of London, or by the clerk of the peace, (as the case shall be,) entered and hied, as of record of the said court where such pro-, — 1 ceedings shall have been had; for the entry and filing whereof,

and for every order of court, and copy thereof, the said town clerk, or clerk of the peace, shall be paid after the (ate of twelve-pence for every one hundred words, and no more; and each of them, the said town clerk, and clerk of the peace respectively, is hereby impowered and required to piake and deliver to any person or persons requiring the lame, an exemplification* under his hand and leal, of every or any such verdict, judgement, order, and determination, being paid for the same after the rate of twelve-pence for every one hundred words; and every such exemplification shall and may be taken and read as evidence in all courts of law and equity whatever: and from and after the obtaining such judgement, and payment, or tender, in manner herein after directed, of the sum or sums of money (if any) thereby assessed or awarded, or where no sum of money shall be so assessed or awarded, from and after the obtaining such judge- ment, the person or perifo.ns who shall have applied for and obtained such judgement, his, her, or their heirs, executors, or administrators, servants or workmen, shall and may pull down his. After judge-her, or their own house or other building, and rebuild the same ment and pay-with a perpendicular party wall or party walls, on the (cite of money fif°f such ground, as shall be ascertained for that purpose by such any) ^ty judgement j and to that end shall and may, in the presence of a applying may constable or head borough, or other officer of the peace, after pull down his the end of fourteen days after such judgement, order, or deter- ^uddVhe mination shall have been obtained, enter upon the fcite.of the same with a ground so ascertained for a party wall or walls, and into the perpendicular house or other building (if any be) adjoining to the house or P«ty.wa!l; party wall intended to be rebuilt, at any time between the hours a

of fix in the morning and fix in the afternoon, (Sundays except- conliable, ed y) and if the outer door of such house or other building shall may enter the be (huj, and the occupier, or any other person therein, shall adjoining refuse to open the same, being the reunto required; or if such re-

house or other building shall be empty and unoccupied, shall mov^o^" and may break open such outer door, and remove, to some or furniture* other part of the same premises, any go?d$, furniture, (helyes, or other matter or thing* which shall obstruct the building of such intended perpendicular party wall or walls, or the pulling down any wall, partition, or other thing necessary to be pulled down and removed, in order to the building such intended party wall or walls; and from and after such entry as aforesaid, and at all usual times of working, it shall and may be lawful to

<^3 and

If any person binder the workmen, to forfeit 4pi.

Seffioai for Surrey to bt held at Saint Margaret's

Court n*y fine the'(he-.jiff or hi» deputy malting default.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1772.

and for the builder or builders employed to erect such intended party wall or walls, and his and their servants, and all others employed by him or them, to enter into and upon the premise, and abide therein the usual times of working, for the (horingvp the said house, or other building, so broke into or entered upon, and for taking down and removing any party wall or walls, partition, wainscot, or other thing necessary to be taken down ad moved for the purpose aforesaid, and to build such intended perpendicular party wall or walls: and if any such owner or occupier, or ether person or persons, shall in any manner hinds, obstruct, or impede any workman or workmen employed fa any of the purposes aforesaid, or shall wilfully damage or injure the said works, every such owner or occupier, or other peso so offending, shall, for every such offence forfeit and pay the fan of ten pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as herein is after mentioned.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon every application to the general quarter-sessions of the peace for the said county of Surry, for ex concerning any matter to be by such quarter-sessions ordered, directed, dr done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, the jury (if any) to be impanelled, and all parties required to attend the quarter-sessions for the said county, shall be impanelled, directed, and required to attend, at some general or special adjournment of the said quarter-sessions, within six weeks next after such application j which said adjournments shall be to the court house of the town and borough of Southward in the said county, situate and being at Saint Margaret*s Hill, within the said town and borough, or in some convenient pari thereof, or in fbme other place near, or thereunto adjoining, to be appointed by the

{"ustices in the said sessions, so as not to impede or interrupt the >ufiness at any time hereafter to be done by or before his Majesty's justices of assize, justices of Oyer and Terminer, justices of gaol delivery, or justices of the peace or the county lccts, or courts of sewers for the city of London, or liberties thereof, and Ivhich have been usually done, held, or kept in ttye said court house; and that, from time to time, every further meeting of the said sessions for any thing to be done upon such application, shall be appoipted at or within the space of three week; which adjournment and adjournments the justices of the peace for the said county of Surrey, and every of them, are hereby impowered* and required to make and hold, from time to time, as there shall be occasion \ any law or usage to the contrary no!-withstanding,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen, and to and for any or either of the aforesaid courts of sessions, (as the case shall be,) and they are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to impofeanyrei* sonable fine or fines on such sheriff or sheriffs, qr their or hit deputies or deputy\ or tiny of them, making default in the pre-V'< 1' paifej

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. cnifes; and on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on such jury, and shall not appear at the time and place n such summons specified, or appearing, shall refute to be sworn on such jury, or to give his or their verdictt, or in any manner wilfully neglecting his or their duty, therein contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act j and on any of the persons having notice to attend to give evidence touching the premises, who shall not attend or attending, shall refute to be examined or give evidence; and, from time to time, in default of payment thereof on demand, to levy such fine or fines in such manner as the before-mentioned penalty of fifty pounds is herein-before directed to be recovered and levied, so that no fine shall exceed the sum of ten pounds upon any one person for any one offence; and such fine or fines, when to received, or levied and recovered, shall be applied to and for the use of the person or persons so applying to the said court of mayor and aldermen, or to the said courts of sessions, (as the case shall be,) and to and for no other use or purpose whatever.

XVII. And whereas it may happen that party Proprietors built within the limits aforesaid, may be so far out of repair as. to ren- Pollin8 d°wa der it nettssary to pull down and rebuild the when both the ad- "notice joining houses, or other buildings, may not require to be rebuilt; be it in the follow* enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said ing form*twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, all and every the owner or proprietor of any house or building within the limits aforesaid, who shall think it necessary to pull down any partition or party wall between any such house and the next adjoining house, shall (in case the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of such adjoining house will not, or by disability cannot, agree touching the pulling down or rebuilding such party wall) give three months notice to the owner or occupier of fufeh adjoining house of such his, her, or their intention to pull down such partition or party wall} which notice shall be in the form, or to the effect fol* lowing:

Apprehending the party wall between your The form*

inhabited by and my house adjoining thereto, to be so far out of repair as to render it nettssary to pull down and rebuild the same, take notite. That intend to have the said party wall agreeable to

an act of parliament mode in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Third, and have appointed

of and of my surveyors, to meet at

id on my behalf,

on the day »fxt, at efthe

tlttk, in the of the same day;

and I do hereby require, and call upon you, to appoint two other fur* veyors, or able workmen, on your part, to meet them at time and place aforesaid, to view the said party well, 4nd certify the Rate and

con-

t$x Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73J [1772.

rendition thereof and whether the same eught to he pulled down and rebuilt. dated thit day ef

Surveyors to And every such owner and occupier shall appoint two surveyors, be appointed or able workmen, to meet at the time and place in such notice to view party^fa mentioned j and they, together with the two surveyors or waiii, able workmen, to be named by the party giving such notice, and

9 whose names shall be expressed in such notice, may view such party wall, and certify the state and condition thereof, and whether the same ought to be pulled down and rebuilt; and such surveyors, so to be named as aforesaid, or in case the owner or occupier of such adjoining house or building, having notice as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to name such two surveyors or able workmen, according to such notice, then the two surveyors or workmen, named in such notice, together with two other surveyors or able workmen also to be named by the parry giving such notice as aforesaid, shall and may, within six days after their appointment, v ew the partition or party wall intended to be pulled down; and shall certify in writing under their handvt to the said court of mayor and aldermen, or to the said justices of the peace, in their next general or quarter sessions of the peace respectively, 7as the case may be,) the state and condition of such party wall, and whether the same ought to be pulled down Surveyors and rebuilt: and in case the major part of the surveyors or work-neglecting to mcn appointed in manner by this act prescribed, to view such t&cate forr" Petition or party wall fa intended to be pulled down, shall not, one month, within the space of one month next after such appointment, sign Justices may such certificate in writing$ thens and in every such case, it shall appoint ano- amj may fa lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's surveyor. ju<\jCCs of the peace for the said city of London, or county of ATuldlesex or Surrey, or city and liberty of Westminster % or liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, fas the case shall be,) and such one or more justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required, upon, application made to him or them for that pur-pofef by the party giving such notice as aforesaid, to name and appoint one other able surveyor or workman to be added to the surveyors or workmen appointed by virtue and in pursuance of this act; and all the said surveyors or workmen, so appointed, or the major part of them who shall meet for that purpose, (six days notice having been given to, or left at the dwelling-house of each and every of them, of such intended meeting,) shall view the partition or party wall so proposed to be pulled Major part of down; and in case the major part of such surveyors or work-said surveyors men? to be appointed in manner aforesaid, shall certify in writ-waUs to fie un<^er 'heir hands, that such wall is decayed and ruinous, ruinous, copy or not sufficiently secure against fire, if any Should happen, of certificate and that the same ought to be pulled down, then, within three to be delivered days next after such certificate made by such major part of the j£c°withiit surveyors or workmen as aforesaid, a copy thereof shall be

threedaysl delivered to the owner or occupier of, or left at such next adjoining hou($£ and such last mentioned owner or occupier shall and

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73;33

and may (if he, she, or they shall so think fit) appeal from, or Owner*, &c. against such certificate, to the next general or quarter-sessions to general l° be holdeu for the city, county, or place, (as the case may be,) qUar*er-fef-and the justices*at the said general or quarter-sessions to which Sons, such appeals shall be made, shall summon before them one or more of such furyeyors or workmen, and such other person or persons as they shall think fit, and shall examine the matter up* on oath, which oath or oaths they are hereby impowered to administer; and upon such examination or examinations, the said justices are hereby authorised and required to make such order or orders in the premises as they in their difcrctions shall think to be just and reasonable; and the determination of the said whose deter* justices shall be final and conclusive to all parties, without any appeal from the same: and for neglect or default of appealing, or if on appeal there shall be no order to the contrary; then, and in every or any such case, and not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for the party intending to pull down and rebuild such party wall as aforesaid, to cause such partition or party wall to be pulled down, and to have and exercise the like power of entry into, or upon the adjoining house or houses, and of removing wainscot, (helyes, furniture, and other things, and of (boring up the said adjoining house or houses, as is.given or allowed to the owners or proprietors of intermixed houses or buildings in and by this present a#, and shall and may ered and build a new.perpendicular party wall or walls of such materials, and of such thickness and height, and in such manne/, and subject to such restrictions and directions, as are in and by this act prefer! bed and directed.

XVIII. And whereas feueral cii beufes within the limits aforesaid^partitions have intlead of one party wall, one timber partition, or two old tim- be

her walls or partitions, one belonging to each house: and whereas dif pulled down putes may arise, tombing the pulling down such walls or partitions, by the owner and the building party walls, agreeable to the rules and directions here- or in contained, in the place and stead of such partition or wall, when-ever it may be expedient to rebuild any such house or building; be it ]ntw pfrt y enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the owner or builder walls built in of any house or building, to which any such partition or old tim- tbcbr ber wall or walls shall belong, shall be desirous of pulling down and rebuilding such house or building, and of such his desire shall give three months notice to the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the next adjoining house or building, in the form or to the efted following:

IN three months from the date hereof\ tale notice, that I intend to Form of no-pull down the timber partition or partitions, or timber wall, be-tice* tween your house, occupied by fetuate in

and my house adjoining thereto, and in the

jlcad thereof to build a brick perpendicular party wall, agreeable to an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Tl: ird. Dated this day of

Then

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1772.

Then and in that case, from and after the expiration of the three months, to be expressed in such notice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the owner or builder of such house or building so to be rebuilt, to pull down the said partition o^partitions, and to have and exercise the like power of entry into and upon the said adjoining house or building, and of removing wainscot, (helyes, furniture, and other things, and of (horing up the said adjoining house or building, as is given and allowed to the first builder in any other case in and by this present act, and shall and may, in the place and dead of such partition or partitions, wall or walls, build new perpendicular party wall or walls of such materials, of such thickness and height, and in such manner, and subject to such restrictions and directions, as are here* in-before mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one moiety of the expence of all party wall or walls, flank, or end wall or walls, to be built by any person or persons whomsoever, in manner in and by this act directed, shall be paid and reimbursed to the person or persons at whose charge the same was or were built and erected, by such person or persons, and at such times, and in such manner, as herein after is mentioned; and, in the mean time, and until the same shall be so paid* for the sole property of such party, flank, or (ide wall or walls* and of the feite or ground whereon' every or any such wall or walls doth or do (land, shall be vetted and be solely in the person or persons at whose expence the same was or were buik; that is to say, as to, for, and in respect of all and every such flank r (ide wall of any house or building, whereunto, at the dim of building thereof, no other house or building was adjoining; and all and every the person or persons who shall then after build any house or building adjoining thereto, and shall make use of the wall or walls, in the manner, and for any of the purposes herein-before mentioned, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be liable to pay, or shall be charged with one moiety of the expence of the said wall or Walls, to be reimbursed as aforesaid to the person or persons who shall then have the property of such wall or walls, as soon as such wall or walls shall have been first cut into, or made use of as aforesaid; and as to, for, and in respect of, all or any such party wall as hath been, or shall be built a* gainst, or adjoining to any other house or building, the owner or proprietor of such house or building next adjoining thereto, his or her executors, administrators, and alligns, shall be liable to pay, and shall be charged with one moiety of the expence thereof, to be estimated after the rate of seven pounds per rod, to be paid to the person or persons at whose expence the same shall have been built, his, her, or their executors or administrators, together with all the charges and expences of (horing the said adjoining house or other building, and the removing any goods, furniture, or other things, and the pulling down any partition, wainscot, or other thing, in order to the pulling down

*35

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.

and removing any party wall or walls, or partition wall or walls, and other the contingent expences in any of the cases aforesaid actually incurred; and also all such costs (if any) as shall have been awarded by any such judgement of the court of mayor and aldermen, or court of sessions, as aforesaid, when, and as soon as the same party wall shall be built; and within ten days after such party wall shall be so built, such first builder or builders shall, in writing, leave at such next house or building a true account of the number of rods in such party wall; and one moiety of the expence thereof shall be paid by the owner or owners of such house or houses, or other buildings, who are intitled to the improved relit; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such tenant or occupier to pay such first builder or builders for thb same, and also for the (horing and supporting the house as aforesaid, ascer he or they shall have built such party wall, and to deduct the same out of the next relit which shall become due froni him or her to such owner or owners, under whom he or she holds or enjoys the same respectively; and in case the same shall not be paid within twenty-one days next after demand thereof, then the same shall and may be recovered, together with full colls of suit, of and from the owner or owners, by action of debt, or on the case, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs who shall commence any such action shall, three calendar months at the lead before the commencement thereof, give notice in writing to the person or persons against whom such action is intended to be brought of his, her, or their intention to bring the same, or leave the lame at his, her, or their tall or usual place of abode, and in such notice specify the sum for which it is to be brought, and shall also ahnex to such notice a bill of the just and true particulars of the expences and charges with which the intended defendant or defendants is or are to be charged; then, and in that case, such plaintiff or plaintiffs, if he, she, or they shall recover the full sum to be specified in such notice, shall also recover and be intitled to double costs of suit, and shall have and be intitled to the same, or like remedies for recovery thereof, as pre usually given for common cods in other cases of cods at law,

XX. And whereas houses and tenements within the limits afore- an7

said are osten, either from litigated titles thereto, or the ob/linacy, neg- jJJcnt {halTbe* left, or poverty of the owners or proprietors thereof, or of parties in- presented at terejied therein, in so ruinous a condition that passengers passing the re- in a ruinous by are in danger of their lives or limbs from the falling thereof, or of&M £ faffi-hricks or timber therefrom; be it therefore enacted by the autho-^put up be° rity aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of for the Tame June, one'thQqfand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any pre- &c.

ferment shall be made by any inqued or grand jury in London, or by any annoyance jury withip the city and liberty of Westminster, or by the jury sworn at the court leet, held by the sheriff |n his turn for any hundred or place, or by any other jury or in-qtieft, sworn within any other part of the limits aforesaid, that " 2 any

*34

Expence of party walla bow to be recovered.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1772.

Then and in that case, from and after the expiration of the three months, to be expressed in such notice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the owner or builder of such house or building so to be rebuilt, to pull down the said partition or partitions, and to have and exercise the like power of entry into and upon the said adjoining house or building, and of removing wainscot, (helyes, furniture, and other things, and of (boring up the hid adjoining house or building, as is given and allowed to the firt builder in any other case in and by this present act, and (ha2 and may, in the place and (lead of such partition or partitions, wall or walls, build new perpendicular party wall or walls of such materials, of such thickness and height, and in such manner, and subject to such restrictions and directions, as are hot-in-before mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one moiety of the expence of all party wall or walls, flank, or end wall or walls, to be built by any person or persons whom-soever, in manner in and by this act directed, shall be paid and reimbursed to the person or persons at whole charge the (amc was or were built and erected, by such person or persons, and at such times, and in such manner, as herein after is mentioned; and, in the mean time, and until the same shall be so paid* for the sole property of such party, flank, or (ide wall or walls, and of the feite or ground whereon* every or any such wall or walls doth or do (land, shall be vetted and be solely in the person or persons at whose expence the same was or were buik; that is to say, as to, for, and in respect of all and every such flank r (ide wall of any house or building, whereunto, at the time of building thereof, no other house or building was adjoining; and all and every the person or persons who shall then after build any house or building adjoining thereto, and shall make ufc of the wall or walls, in the manner, and for any of the purposes herein-before mentioned, his, her, or their executory administrators, or assigns, shall be liable to pay, or shall be charged with one moiety of the expence of the said wall or walls, to be reimbursed as aforesaid to the person or persons who shall then have the property of such wall or walls, as soon as such wall or walls shall have been first cut into, or made use of as aforesaid; and as to, for, and in respect of, all or any such party wall as hath been, or shall be built against, or adjoining to any other house or building, the owner or proprietor of such house or building next adjoining thereto, his or her executors, administrators, and alligns, shall be liable to pay, and shall be charged with one moiety of the expence I thereof, to be estimated after the rate of seven pounds per rod, to be paid to the person or persons at whose expence the same shall have been built, his, her, or their executors or administrators, together with all the charges and expences of (boring the said adjoining house or other building, and the removing any goods, furniture, or other things, and the pulling down any partition, wainscot, or other thing, in order to the pulling down

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.

*35

and removing any party wall or walls, or partition wall or walls, and other the contingent expences in any of the cases aforesaid actually incurred; and also all such costs (it any) as shall have been awarded by any such judgement of the court of mayor and aldermen, or court of sessions, as aforesaid, when, and as soon as the same party wall shall be built; and within ten days after such party wall shall be so built, such first builder or builders shall, in writing, leave at such next house or building a true account of the number of rods in such party wall; and one moiety of the expence thereof shall be paid by the owner or owners of such house or houses, or other buildings, who are intitled to the improved relit; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such tenant or occupier to pay such first builder or builders for this same, and also for the shoring and supporting the house as aforesaid, after he or they shall have built such party wall, and to deduct the same out of the next relit which shall become due from him or her to such owner or owners, under whom he or she holds or enjoys the same respectively; and in case the same shall not be paid within twenty-one days next after demand thereof, then the same shall and may be recovered, together with full costs of suit, of and from the owner or owners, by action of debt, or on the case, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West-7ninster> wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more rhan one imparlance, shall be allowed: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs who shall commence any such action shall, three calendar months at the least before the commencement thereof, give notice in writing to the person or persons against whom such action is intended to be brought of his, her, or their intention to bring the same, or leave the same at his, her, or their last or usual place of abode, and in such notice specify the sum for which it is to be brought, and shall also ahnex to such notice a bill of the just and true particulars of the expences and charges with which the intended defendant or defendants is or are to be charged; then, and in that case, such plaintiff or plaintiffs, if he, she, or they shall recover the full sum to be specified in such notice, shall also recover and be intitled to double costs of suit, and shall have and be intitled to the same, or like remedies for recovery thereof, as are usually given for common costs in other cases of costs at law.

XX. And whereas houses and tenements within the limits afore- anjr

/aid are osten, either from litigated titles theretoz or the obstinacy, neg- ^ent fealTbe* lefty or poverty of the owners or proprietors thereof \ or of parties in- presented as terejled therein, in so ruinous a condition that passengers passing the re- in a ruinous by are in danger of their lives or limbs from the falling thereof or te, a suffi-bricis ot timber therefrom; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of fore the same. June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, if any pre- &c. leiltment shall be made by any inquest or grand jury in London, or by any annoyance jury within the city and liberty of Westminster, or by the jury sworn at the court leet, held by the sheriff jnhis turn for any hundred or place, or by any other jury or in-, fwbrii within any other part of the limits aforesaid, that

2

any

2 $6 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c.j$.

[1771.

any house or tenement within the same limits, or any part thereof, is or are in a. ruinous condition, it shall be lawful for the Court of mayor and aldermen, in respect of any such house or tenement within the said city of London, and the liberties there-of, ' or for the churchwardens or overseers of the poor for the time being of such parish, precinct;, or place, in which such hoot or tenement shall be, (not being in the city of London, or the liberties thereof,) and the said court, and every such churchwir* dens and overseers of the poor, is and are hereby required, on notice of any such presentment being made, and on a copy thereof being laid before them or him respectively, to cause, with all convenient speed then afterwards a proper and sufficient hoard to be put up for the safety of all passengers passing thereby, and to cause notice in writing to be given to the owner or owners,

' or other person or persons interested therein, if he, she, or they,

can be found; and if not, to cause such notice in writing to be left at the premises so presented to be in such ruinous condition, to be affixed to, or upon the door or other notorious part of such house or tenement, to repair the same, or to take down such building, as the case shall require, within the space of fourteen If owners days then next ensuing: and if such owner or owners, or other neglect to take person or persons interested in any such house or tenement, shall

hbufca^rter* n0t rcPa*r ot ta^c down* the ^ame within the said space of four-ou est a ter teen <]ayS after any such notice as aforesaid shall be given, left,

or affixed, as aforesaid; theo, oath being made before the hid mayor, or a justice of the peace for the said city of Lonion or county of Middlesex or Surrey, or city and liberty of or liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London^ as the case shall be, haveTheVame (w^, c^ oat^ every of them the said mayor and justice is hereby taken down, impowered and required to administer,) of such notice having been so given, left, or affixed as aforesaid, the said court of mayor and aldermen, by and out of the cash in the chamber of Lx* dony and also every such churchwarden and overseer of the poor, by and out of any monies in his hands, is hereby authorised and required, with all convenient speed then afterwards, to order and cause such house or tenement so presented to be in a ruinous condition, cr so much thereof as the said court, or the said churchwardens or overseers of the poor, shall find necessary for the safety of passengers, to be taken down and secured in such manner as shall from time to time be thought requisite; and to fell and the m-iteiiaisj dispose of such of the materials as the said court of mayor and aldermen, or the said churchwardens or overseers of the poor, and out of the shall judge necessary or expedient, and by and out of the mo-money arising njes to arise by the sale thereof, to reimburse, repay, and satisfjf

t^oveneers^ t^em^e^ves* anc^and every person and persons by them re« arc K spectively employed for the purpofA aforesaid, all the charges of tnemfelve$*for putting up every such hoard, and of taking down and fccurinj their trouble. all or any part of every such house or tenement to be taken down.

or made secure for the safety of passengers as aforesaid, and (X the* sale of materials as aforesaid, or so much thereof as the mo-to aiiie by such sale will extend to pay, and shall accojt

notice.

The mayor, &c. may issue warrant to overseers of

or secured j

and may (ell

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73; ^9

than as aforesaid; every such forfeiture to be recovered and applied in such manner as the several forfeitures and penalties of ten pounds are hereinbefore directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXIII. And whereas the diflllling of turpentine, and the draw- For preventing off the oil of turpentine and roftn by disiilling of turpentine, and ing the distill-the boiling of the said oil and turpentine togethery for making off var-

ni/by within the limits aforesaid, may prove of dangerous consequente gJuons a^one to the neighbourhood where every such practice shall be used for pre- time, under venting thereof for the future, be it enacted by the authority 100 L penalty* aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons to distil or boil any turpentine, or to draw any oil of turpentine and rosin by distilling of turpentine, or to boil any oil and turpentine together, above the quantity of ten gallons at one time of all or any the said commodities within the limits aforesaid, in any workhouse or place contiguous to any other building, or in any place nearer to any other building than the distance of fifty feet at the lead, upon pain that every person offending therein shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; every of which forfeitures shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of fuir, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof shall be to the use of the poor of the parish, precinct, or place wherein the offence was committed, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall inform or sue for the same.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this a St contained Shipwrights, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent shipwrights, &c. not to be barge-builders, boat-builders, or matt-makers, or other persons ^eluded* employed in building or repairing ships, barges, boats, or other

vefleis, near the river Thames, from boiling or mixing oil and other materials for the purpose of paying mips, barges, boats, pr marts.

XXV. And whereas the having a sufficient number of fire engines Fire engines kept in known publick places, and at convenient dislances from each 0- to be kept in ther, and ready to be brought forth as occasion may require, and the PttbBc P, acei# /applying such engines with plenty of water, and the giving encouragement to engineers and others to bring forth, «/r, and work such engines, may tend greatly to le/fen the mfehiefs happening by fire; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, it shall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens of each and every parish, and to and for the overseert of the poor of every precinct and place not having any churchwarden within the limits aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, for ever, to make, place, and fix, at the charge of such respective parish, precinct, or place, upon the mains and pipes bclpnging to any water-work

what-

a+o. Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1772.

whatsoever within the limits stforesaid, such and so many (lop* blocks of wood, with a wood plug, or such and so many firecocks to go into each main or pipe, and jo be placed at tuch didances in each and every street or place where such church* wardens or overseers of the poor respectively for the time being shall direct j and that the top of every such (top-block or taro-cock shall be even with the pavement of each street or place, to the intent such plugs or fire-cocks may, upon occasion of any fire, be opened to let out the water without loss of time in digging down to the pipes: and that ail and every or any fud Church war* churchwardens or overseers of the poor respectively shall hare dens to fix'power, and are hereby required from time to time, to fix any in^near the N mar^ or wr*ting on the front of any house or houses over a* place where gainst or nearest to the place where such stop block, plug, or fire cocks lie. fire-cock, doth or shall lie, or is or shall be placed, for the bet-Aninstrument ter making known where such stop-blocks, plugs, or fire cocks ktvt* to bC^5 and shall also keep an instrument or key in every such house,*where every such mark shall be, to open the stop block, plug, or fire-cock; and shall keep in such house a pipe for the water to come thereout, to be made use of as occasion shall require; and all-and every such stop-blocks and fire-cocks to be kept in.repair at the charge of each parish, precinct, or place where the same shall be placed, and such plugs to be kept in repair by the owners of the mains and pipes where the same shall be fixed: and whenever the owners of any waterTworks shall afterwards remove, change, or alter the said mains or pipes; then, and in every such case, the owner or owners of every such main or pipe shall, at his or their own proper costs and charges, place and fix the same, or the like stop-blocks, plugs, and fire-cocks, upon every such new main or pipe, to be placed where the churchwardens of the parish, or overseers of the precindor place, not having a church-warden for the time being, shall di-redI and appoint; and in every such case the instruoaent or key and pipe shall be removed to the house opfSofite or nearest to the place to which such (top-block, plug, and fire-cock shall be removed, and every such churchwarden or overseer respcfiive-ly shall cause a like mark or writing to be fixed against every such house.

Engines to be

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, kept by every That each and every parish within the limits aforesaid shall, from panda. time to time, and at all times hereafter, have and keep in good order and repair, in some known and publick place within each parish, a large engine, and also an hand engine, to throw up water for the extinguishing of fires j and also mall provide, keep, and maintain one leather pipe at least, with a socket of the same iize as the plug or firS-cock, and a stand-cock and fusion-pipe, to the intent the socket may be put into the pipe, to convey the water clean, and without loss or help of buckets, into the eo-Church war- gine: and in default of making, placing, fixing, and continuing de?S J° Pay such stop-blocks or fire-cocks, on the several mains and pipes, fauit i°r dC as a n default of haring and keeping in good repair such large - engine,

!77*-l Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. 24J

ngine, hand engine, and leather pipe or pipes, socket, and band-cock and suction-pipe, every churchwarden of such parish, nd every overseer of any such precinct or place not having a hurchwarden, making default in the premises, and being con-idted thereof before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace Dr the said city of London, or for the county of Middlesex or 'urrey9 or liberty where the same may happen, (as the case shall >e), shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; one moiety lereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to some ther proper officer, not so convicted, of the parish, precinct, or lace where such default shall be made, for the use of the poor f such parish, precinct, or place, in aid of the rates for relief f the poor, and to be accounted for with, and as part of such to^|cv^ ates; to be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods by distress. nd chattels of such churchwarden and overseers respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Turncock t» That the turncock belonging to the water-work, whose water have ios. hall be found on, or shall first come into the main or pipe where ^ater ny plug shall be opened, at any fire within the limits aforesaid,

hall be paid ten shillings by the churchwarden or overseer of the at a firt. loor of every such respective parish, precinct, or place where r uch fire may happen; and that the engine-keeper which first First engineerings a parish engine, or other large engine, to help to extin- keeper 301.; uifh any fire happening within the limits aforesaid, if in good rder and complete, with a socket, hose, feather pipe, stand-ock, and suction- pipe, shall be paid thirty shillings; the keep-r of the second parish engine, or other large engine, which shall Second en-\c next brought in such order, and so complete, to help to ex- gine-keeper inguish any Such fire, shall be paid twenty shillings; and the401*

: eeper of any parish engine, or other large engine, which shall

>e the third of such engines brought in such order, and so com- and the third

>lete, to any such fire, shall be paid ten shillings; every such, n£

ayment to be made by the churchwardens of each parish, or by COvered by dil

he overseers of the poor of every such precinct or place, not hav- ftrcfc and laie.

ng any churchwarden (as the case shall be) where any such fire

hall happen: and in default of payment thereof, such reward

shall be levied and recovered from the said churchwardens and

>verfeers respectively by distress and sale of the goods and chat-

els of every such churchwarden and overseer, in the same or

ilce manner as the penalty or forfeiture of ten pounds is herein

aefore directed to be levied and recovered.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted No reward to

>y the authority aforesaid, That ho such reward shall be paid to be paid to any iny turncock or engine-keeper by the churchwarden of any pa- turncock or ifh, or overseer of the poor of any precinct or place aforesaid, the*

vhcre any fire shall happen, without the approbation and direc- approbation ion of the alderman of the ward, wherein such parish, precinct, of an alder->r place is situate, or his deputy, of two of the common coun- mani&* oilmen of the same ward for the time being, if such fire (half hap-

>en within the city of London 01; the liberties thereof, or without he approbation and consent of one or more justice or justices of Vo 1. XXIX, R the

\z Aono duodecimo GEORGII III. c. 73. [1772.

the peace, in and for the said county of ATidilefex % or county of Surrey, or liberty where the same may happen (as the case Oiall be), residing within such parish, precinct, or place where such fire shall happen; and if there shall not be any justice or justices of the peace residing in such parish, precinct, or place, then of such justice or justices of the peace residing in the parish or place near or next adjoining.

Afar June 14,

XXIX. And whereas many of the parishes within the Emits aferh

177*, reward* said have been frequently put to considerabU expenses t occasioned by At payable for neglect of the inhabitants, as well lodgers and inmates, as hemjeletf-neVto be /rJ»H not taufing their chimnies to be duly swept* by means wheraf frayed by in- alarms af fire are frequently made, to the great terror and danger if habitants and his Majesty's subjects, which might and oughts and probably wood occupiers. so prevented if such inhabitants were obliged to defray and bear the charges and expenses attending such their neglectsy or same rea/enabie part thereof: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day ot fune, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, in all cases where any reward or rewards, or other recompence by this act made payable, shall be borne and paid by any churchwarden or overseer of the poor, for or on account of any fire being in a chimney only, or first beginning in, and occasioned by the taking fire of any chimney only, the inhabitant or inhabitants, occupier or occupiers, of any room or apartment to which any such chim-.ney shall belong, being a lodger or inmate to or with any tenant, renter, or holder of any house or building of which such room or apartment shall be part5 or if such chimney shall not belong to any such lodger or inmate, then the tenant, renter, holder, or occupier of the house or building wherein any such fire as last mentioned shall be, or shall first begin, shall reimburse and repay to the churchwarden or overseer of the poor all and every I.such reward and rewards, or other payments, which shall have been by him or them made, pursuant to the directions of this act, or such part thereof as the mayor or other justice of the peace of the city of London, or justice of the peace for the liberty of his Majesty's tower of London, or justice of the peace for the county of Middlesexor county of Surrey, or for the city and liberty of Westminster, (as the case shall be), upon the application and complaint of any such churchwarden or overseer of the poor, and hearing the party or parties complained against, shall, under his hand and leal, think fit to award and direct: and to the end the said mayor or other justice aforesaid may be the better enabled to award and direct what may in any such case be just and reasonable, the said mayor for the time being, and every such justice shall and may, and is hereby authorised and im powered to summon and can before him, after any such complaint made, the party and parties complained against, and all persons fit and proper to give evidence touching the premises, of yrhom he shall have notice pr information; and to examine them and every of theiq upon oath, (which oath the said mayor, and every such justice* is hereby impowercfl apd required to administer

243

177*0 Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.

nifter without fee or reward); and if the party or parties complained against, being summoned, shall not appear, the said mayor, and every such justice of the peace, shall and may pro* ceed to hear and examine the matter of the complaint, and such evidence as shall be produced, and to make such award and direction thereupon as shall be just, and as if the party or parties making such default of appearance had been present, and heard in his, her, or their defence $ and if any sum or Turns of money so awarded and directed to be reimbursed or repaid to any such churchwarden or overseer of the poor, shall not be so reimbursed or repaid within fourteen days after demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and for every or any such churchwarden or overseer, by warrant under the hand and seal of such mayor or other justice, (which warrant the said mayor and every such justice is hereby authorised and impowered to make) to levy every such reward and rewards, or other recompence which shall have been so paid, or such part thereof as shall have been so awarded and directed, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party or parties making default of payment, or of any of his, her, or their goods or chattels found in the room or apartment to which such chimney belongs where such fire was, or first began, or in any other part of any house or building, whereof such room or apartment was or shall be part; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstandme.

XXX. And forasmuch as several of the parishes within the city United pari A* of London were, after the great fires which happened in the year of deemed at our Lord Christ, one thousand six tondred andsixtyfix, united toge onc P^1* ther; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any two or more of the said parishes so united are intended to be, and shall, for the purposes in this act mentioned, be esteemed and taken as one parish only,

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is further enacted, Vestries bar-

That in case the vestries of any of the said united parishes, or ofing more tlun any other parish within the limits aforesaid, shall at any time0!1*ar^e"' conceive it necessary for the said parish, in respect of the large- same*

ness thereof, to have more than onc great engine or hand en- regulations as gine; it shall and may be lawful for them to provide two or those provided more great engines or hand engines at the parish charge, and by lhl1 a* that the same engines, and every of them, shall be under the

like regulations and encouragements, as the other engine or engines directed to be provided by this act are under.

XXXII. Andy in order to raise money to defray the necessary ?\xt tViginef> charge< of providing and maintaining fitch engine, /Jop- Hocks, and fire- &c. to be pro-cocks, and keys, and other implements and materials, and payment of ^td and the rewards or gratuities directed by this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the churchwardens, overseers jat€f# p of the poor, and inhabitants, in vestry, or other publick meeting duly assembled, of the several parishes, precincts, and places within the limits aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, (as often as there shall be occa-

Jt 2 fion).

Watermen retained by inlbring offices to extinguish fires, not to be imprested into the sea or land fcr-vice.

Money infur-td on houset burnt down, bow to be ap-#itd.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73/ [1771.

fion), by any rate or rates to be made for relief of the poor of every such parish, precinct, and place respectively, over and above what they shall judge competent and sufficient for the relief and maintenance of such poor, or by any especial rate or rates to be made for the purposes of this act, to rate and assess such competent sum and sum9 of money as shall be needful and requisite for the ends aforesaid, in like manner as by law they may do for the maintenance and relief of the poor of their respective parities, precincts, and places; which rates, being allowed and confirmed in the like manner as the rates made for the relief of the poor are or ought to be, shall be collected and recovered, in the same manner as the rates made for the relief of the poor by law now may or ought to be collected and recovered, subject to the like appeal as in cases of rates made for the relief of the poor: and the said officers shall be accountable for the same, in like manner as by law they are accountable for the money by them collected for the relief of the poor, and shall be subject and liable to the same or like pains and commitments for not accounting for the same, or not paying monies by them collected, and remaining in their hands, as overseers of the poor are, by the Astute of the forty-third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, made subject and liable to, for not accounting for or not paying monies collected by virtue of any rates for relief of the poor.

XXXIII. And whereas the several offices for insuring houfis a-ga'tnft loss by fire retain in their several services, and give coats and badges, and other rewards, unto watermen, for their ferwte ad affiance inland towards extinguishing of fire, and who are to be always ready when wanted, and9 are provided with various forts of poles, books, hatchets, and several other instruments and things, at the charge of the said respective insurance offices, for the extinguishing of fire j which watermen so retained are and have been by experience found to venture much further, and to have frill to give, and do grot at fires, happening within the limits aforesaid, greater help then other persons not used to come into danger5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the watermen so retained, and wearing such coats and badges for the time being, belonging to every such insurance office within the limits aforesaid, not exceeding thirty for each office, shall be free from being impressed <or liable to be compelled to go to Tea, or serve as marines or as soldiers on land, their names and plates of abode being register-jed and entered with the secretary or other officer of the admiralty office.

XXXIV. And in order to deter and hinder ill-minded persons frm wilfully setting their houft or houses or other buildings on fire, witbn view of gaining to themselves the insurance-money, whereby the Byes and fortunes of many families may be loft or endangered; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective governors or directors of the several insurance offices within the limits aforesaid, for insuring houses or other buildings against loft by fire, and they are hereby authorised and required*, upon the application and request of

- " any

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. 24$

any person or persons interested in or intitled unto any house Of houses, or other buildings within the limits by this act prescribed, which hereafter shall or may be burnt down, demolished, or damaged by fire, or upon any grounds of suspicion that che owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, or other person or persons, who shall have insured such house or houses, or other buildings, have been guilty of fraud, or of wilful setting their house or houses or other buildings on fire, to cause the insurance-money to be laid out and expended, as far as the same will go, towards rebuilding, retahating, or repairing such house or houses or other buildings so burnt down, demolished, or damaged by fire, unless the party or parties claiming such insurance-money shall, within sixty days next after his, her, or their claim shall be adjusted, give a sufficient security to the governors or directors of the insurance office where such house or houses, or other buildings are insured, that the same insurance-money shall be laid out and expended as aforesaid, or unless the said insurance-'money shall be in that time settled and disposed of to and amongst all the contending parties, to the satisfaction and approbation of such governors or directors of such insurance office respectively.

XXXV» And whereas fires often happen by the negligence and care- Negligence in lefiness of servants, be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- feints re-said. That if any menial or other servant or servants, through puCni(hfbieby negligence or carelessness, shall fire, or cause to be fired, anyfinCof 100L dwelling-house, or out-house or houses, or other buildings, fi- or impriiou* tuate within the limits aforesaid, such servant or servants, being m€nt* thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness, or witnesses made before two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds unto the churchwardens or overseers of such parish where such fire shall happen, to be distributed amongst the sufferers by such fire in such proportions as to the said churchwardens shall fcem just: and in case of default or refusal to pay the same immediately after such conviction, the same being lawfully demanded by the said churchwardens; that then, and in such case, such servant or servants shall, by warrant under the hands and seal^ of two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, as the said justices shall think fit, for the space of eighteen months, there to be kept to hard labour.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Constable* said. That upon the breaking out of any fire, within the limits and beadles aforesaid, all constables and beadles, upon notice thereof, shall£*' to immediately repair to the place where the said fire shall happen, p^ceson fire, with their (laves and other badges of their authority, and be and what they aiding and assisting, as well in extinguishing the said fires, and are to do. causing people to work at the engines, as also in preventing goods being stolen, and shall seize and apprehend all ill-disposed persons that they shall find stealing or pilfering from the inhabitants; as also that the said constables and beadles shall give their

R 3 utmost

1

No afiion to lay against a per.oa where the fire accidentally begin*.

Dtftr^f# not Unlawful for*ant of forfnj fcc.

Plaintiff not to recover if tender of fuf-

ficient a-I»emU be n»4dp,

Act* 4. A: 6

G'O v for ft 3 u'at'.ng building^ See.

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1772.

utmost assistance to help the inhabitants to remove their said goods.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no action, Suit, or process whatever, shall be had, maintained, or prosecuted again If any person in whosehouse or chamber any fire shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, accidentally begin, nor shall any recompence be made by such person for any damage fu/fered or occasioned thereby; any law, usage, or puftom to the contrary notwithstanding: and in such calc, if any action shall be brought, the defendant may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial thereof to be had; and in case the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his action or suit, or if a verdict shall pass against him, the defendant shall recover treble costs: provided that nothing in this act contained shall extend to defeat or make void any contract or agreement made between landlord and tenant.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or suns of money to be recovered by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any defect or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ob initio % on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties making such difu efs; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage by action on the case.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action, or for any such irregularity, trespase, or other proceedings, if tender of fufneient amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, every or any such irregularity, trespass, or wrongful proceeding before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants, in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into the court such sum of money as he or they shall see (it; whereupon such proceedings or order and judgment shall be had, made, or given, in and by such court, as in other actions when the defendant is allowed to pay money into court,

XL. And whereas by two several acts of parliament, the one node in the fourth, and the other in the sixth year of his present Afajtftfs reign, for the better regulating buildings, and preventing mischiefs happening by fire> a penalty of fifty pounds is inf illed upon the bed builder, mailer bricklayer, or workmen, who Should neglect to build every houft thereafter to be built according to the directions of the Jhid alts: and whereas, finu the passing of the said atU> there has beene

ViZ)

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.47

very great increase of buildings v)itbin the limits aforesaid\ and many af the houses so built are not in every respect built according to the directions of the said recited acts, whereby the several owners and bead builders thereof have incurred the said penalties, and several persons ore informed againfly and are now under prosecution for the same: and whereas such fir ftowners, bead builders, majier bricklayers, of workmen of Jutb houses are willing and defrous to make the same comform-able to this act; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, bill, plaint, Juit, or information, is and are now depending in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, against any such owner, head builder, mailer bricklayer, or workmen, for not having built such house conformable to the directions of the said acts, it shall ftnd may be lawful for the court where the same shall be respectively brought, and such court is hereby required, authorised, and empowered, on the application of such defendant or defendants, to make a rule for the plaintiff or informer in such atfion, bill, plaint, fuir, or information to set forth the particular defect or irregularity complained of in the building such house or houses; and if such defendant or defendants shall thereupon enter into an agreement " for making good the irregularities and defects so complained of, and rendering the building of such houses conformable to the direction of this act, within a certain time to be specified in such agreement, and shall be desirous that such agreement Should be made a rule of any of his Majesty's courts of record, that then such agreement being so made, mall and may, upon producing an affidavit of the execution thereof by the witnesses thereunto, or any of them, in the court of which the same is agreed to be made a rule, and reading and filing the said affidavit in court, be entered of record in such court, and a rule shall thereupon be made by such court, that such defendant or defendants shall, apc here{, y within a certain time to be limited and specified in such rule* rendered con-make good the defers and irregularities complained of, and ren- formable to der the building of such house or houses conformable to the di-rechon of this act; and that such defendant or defendants shall moreover pay such costs as the said court shall direct and award; and also it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace before whom any information or informations as aforesaid is or are now depending, and such justice and justices of the peace are hereby required, authorised, and empowered, on the application of any first owner, head builder, master bricklayer, or workmen, against whom such information or informal tiens shall be given and laid, to accept and receive such agreement to make good the defers and irregularities complained of, and to render the buildings of such houses conformable to the directions of this act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in every such case it Justice* to in* shall and may be lawful for, and such court and justices of theidemnify all peace is and are hereby required, authorised, and impowered, on such first owner, head builder, master bricklayer, or work- coired'by for*

It 4 men, mer adu.

t+Z Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1772.

men, making appear to them respectively that the defers and irregularities complained of are made good, and the building of 1 such house or houses rendered conformable to the direction of this act, according to his or their agreement entered into for that purpose, to indemnify, free, and discharge every such defendant and defendants of, from, and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of not having originally built such party walls pursuant to the directions of the said acts, or for or by reason of any other defect or irregularity, whereby such houses are otherwise built than pursuant to such directions; any thing in the said acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Frovife.

XLII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein

Contained, shall not extend, or be construed to exend, to indemnify any person against whom final judgement shall have j been given in any adhon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, for any penalty incurred, by having neglected to make such party walls, or in any other respect to build fudh houses pursuant to the directions of the said acts of the fourth and sixth years of his present Majesty. For avowing

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any conviction, commitment, distress, order, or judgement of any justice or justices of the peace made by virtue of this act, such person or persons shall and may appeal to the justices of the peace at their next general quarter felons of the peace to be holden in and for the city of London and liberties thereof, the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, the city and liberty of Westminster, or the liberties of his Majesty's Tower of Londont (as the case shall be), which shall be holden next after such conviction, commitment, distress, order, or judgement, who shall proceed to hear and determine the causes and matters cf such appeal upon oath, (which oath or oaths they are hereby empowered to administer), and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and the order, judgement, and determination, of the said justices, in their said respective session, shall be binding, final, and condu-five to all parties, without any appeal from the same.

[Proviso.]

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons so intending to appeal, shall, immediately after such convict on, commitment, di-.stress, order, or judgement, if he shall be required so to do, or within two days at the farthest, enter into a recognizance before such justice or justices of the peace, with two sufficient sureties conditioned to try such appeal, and to abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the fipd sessions respectively.

limitation of

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, j£Uon». That no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this auntil twenty-one days after notice in writing of any intention to bring such

jetion

*49

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73.

action or suit shall be given to the person or persons against whom such action or suit shall be brought or commenced) nor after the expiration of three calendar months next after the fast committed; and every such action or suit, the cause or occasion whereof shall arise within the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, shall be laid and tried in the said city of London, and not elsewhere; and every such action or suit, the cause or occasion.whereof shall arise in any part of the limits aforesaid, out of the said city of London, and liberties thereof, shall be laid and tried in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit, may plead the

[General issue.]

general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evi-

ence, at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for, or on which such action or suit shall be brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such action or suit was brought, before the expiration of twenty-one days notice to be given as % aforesaid, or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time herein for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury, in in every such action or suit, shall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and if a verdict shall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any such action or suit, shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue or suffer a discontinuance of any such action or suit; or if, upon any demurrer or demurrers, in any such action or (bit, judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cases aforesaid, the defendant or defendants, shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recover-^ing the same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, n her, or their cods, in other cafesby law.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Former That so much of an act made in the nineteenth ^year of the reign f far as re* of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, (intituled An act spect party for rebuilding the city London), as relates to regulating build- .*a, VugViat" ings and party walls; and an act made in the sixth year of the prevent-reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (intituled An act for the ing mischiefs* better preventing mischiefs that may happen by fire); also an act by fire, &c. made in the seventh year of the reign of her said late Majesty, repealed, (intituled An act for making more effectual an act made in the sixth year of her Majeshfs reign, for the better preventing of mischiefs that may happen by fire); also so much of an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his )ate Majesty King George the Fird, intituled An act for the better regulating of buildings, and to prevent mischiefs that may happen by fire, within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned)y as relates to regulating buildings and party walls; also so much of an act made in the thirty-thi*"*' ' -

Second,

rd year of the reign ot ms late Majesty tting ueorge the (intituled An act for widening certain firtets % lanes, and

2jO

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1771.

passages, within the city of London, and liberties thereof, end for opining certain newJlreets and ways within the same, and for otter purpofts therein mentioned)y as relates to the regulating of buildings, and party walls, and preventing mischiefs that may happen by fire; also so much of an act made in the fourth year of the feign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the bitter regulating of buddings, and to prevent mischiefs that may happen by K fire* within the weekly hills of mortality, and other places ther'u mentioned), as relates to the regulating of buildings and part] waifs, and preventing mischiefs happening by fire; also so much of an act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled An act to explain, amende and render more effectud the powers of an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of bislttt Majesty* intituled An act for widening certain streets, lanes, and passages within the city of London, and liberties thereof, and for opening certain new streets and ways within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned}, as relates to the regulating of buildings and party walls; also of another act made in the said sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled, to explain, amende and render more effectual an act made in the fourth year of his present Aiajejlfs reignyJor the better regulating of kilt* ings* and to prevent mischiefs that may happen by firet within th weekly bills of mortality* and other places therein mentioned), as relates to the regulating of buildings and party walls, and preventing mischiefs that may happen by fire, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

[Publick act.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shaft be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, ju-ffices, and other persons whofnsoever* without specially pleading the same.,

CAP. LXXIV.

An act U continue and enlarge the term and powers of an afiy mil in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the SW, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcombe Cor-ner, in the parish of Winterflow, to Harnham Bridge, inth county of W ills; and from the west corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the city of New Saruifi, to the parishes ofhandford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Landlord aforefind, thru*} Ower and T eft wood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the county of South-» ampton; and for repairing and widening the road from the Rum-fey and Ringwood turnpike road* near the house of Francis Fry, to Lindhucft; and from a place talied Hampton Ford, to Lambs Corner, in the said county of Southampton; and for rcpdrici the footwap within the said city.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for making a navigable tut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Naotwieby in the county of Chester.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 76, — 83-

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act for repairing and widening the road from the city of Norwich to ocole-bridge, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. LXXVII.

An off to amend an act of the sixth year of the refgn of his present Majesty % u for repairing and widening the stone bridge, in the town "tf/Shrewsbury " and for appropriating part of the tolls collected upon certain roads leading to the Jsaid bridge towards finishing the the same; and for granting additional terms to the several affs for repairing the said roads.

CAP. LXXVI1L

An act for repairing and widening fevered roads from AMermafton, in the county of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the turnpike road from Basingstoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the turnpike road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the county Southampton.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for the more effectual off effing and colie fling of the rates for relief of the poor in the parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the liberties of the city of London.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging tlx powers of an act* made in the tenth year of his present Majesty, fot repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Bury Saint Edmunds to the town/* Newmarket, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the south end of the Ferry-Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for improv* ing the navigation of the river Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a quay or wharf near the town of Lancaster, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading through the county of Lanerk, and for building a bridge over the river Clyde, at or near a place called the Howford, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to continue and render more effefinal an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty^ for repairing the road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the towns ^/'Inverkeith* ipS wd Kinross, to the toiyn of Perth \ and also the road from the said

*52

Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 84, — 90. [1772.

said Queen's Ferry to the towns of Dumfermline, Tonybum, and Culrofs \ and also the road from the said Queen's Fern, through Inverkeithing* to Bruntisland and Kirkcaldie.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to continue and render more effectual fevered alii for repairis; the roads from the parish cf Enfield, in the county of Middled; to the town of Hertford, and other roads in the said alii mentis* id; and also for repairing. the road from the end of the tact, / Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware, in the said count] i Hertford.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the road firm the end of tit frt-sent turnpike road from Beficlfldgh to Hungerford, in the cm] of Berks, to Leckford, otherwise Soufiey Water, in the cent]: f Wilts.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers cf an aff> pcfftd in the Jt-cond year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing\ widewfr and altering several roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other places in the county of Devon; and for repairing erJ widening, the road from the guildhall in Tavistock ofmjsd, through Matthew*street and Lower Brook-street, to Cherry-brook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Caliingtoa turnpike road to Morwdlham and New Quay, in the said cw\

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for building a bridge cross the river Urc, from Great Ouk-bprn to Aldwork, in the county of York.

CAP. LXXXVIn.

An act to continue and render more effectual two several alls for repairing the roads leading from the town of Manchester, in th county of Lancaster, through the town of Alhton under Line, and parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Sates Brook, in the county palatine of Chester.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act to continue and render more effectual several alls fsr refe: icing the highways between Dunstable and Hocklisse, in the cm) of Bedford; and from the sign of the White Horse to the so of the King's Arms in Hockliffe aforesaid; and also formhii provision for the more effectual repairing the road leading from trt sign of the Waggon and Horses to the Bull Inn in Dunstable cjorcfdid.

CAP. XC.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the west erJ; ! Saint Ives Lane, in the town of Saint Ncots, in the cm'] Huntingdon* to the pavement at the end of Bell Lane, in tit town of Cambridge.

1772.] Anno duodecimo Georgii III. c. 91, — 98.

CAP. XCI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Warwick road near Solihull, to the guide post in Kenilworth 5 and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid road on Balfall Common, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. XCII.

An act to continue, amend, and render more effectuaU an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the parish of Etchingham, and from Frant to Poffingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the turnpike road there, leading to Black Boys, in the county of Sussex*

CAP. XCIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Exeter turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the parish f/'Dunstord, in the county of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the forest of Dartmoore, in the said county.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading to, through, and from the town of Frame, in the county of Somerset; and several other roads in the counties of Somerset and Wilts.

CAP. XCV.

An act for repairing and amending the road from Beerstreet Gates, in the city of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Burlton, in the county of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymy* nech, in the same county, and from Knockin to the east end of the Llanriader road, 'and from Place Carrick Lane to the turnpike road from Llanymynech to Oswestry near Coid Ida Mountain, and from Oswestry turnpike road on Knockin Heath, to the east end of Knockin Lane.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the confines of the county of Berwick, at or near Banghouse Walls to Compton's Lanes, and Eymouth, and from the town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lancs, in the county of Berwick.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the east end of the bridge across the river Ouze in Downham Market, to the Queen's Head; and from the Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, to the east end of the Two Mile Close, in the parish of Barton, and towards Wattqn, to a place called The Devil's Ditch, in the county of Norfolk; W for flopping up the mi leading from Stradfet, through Barton Layes, towards Watton.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two offs, made in tct twenty sixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening O'i Street Road, in the parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. C.

An act for building a temporary bridge over the river Tyne, ktm1 the town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in thecmtj of Durham.

CAP. CI.

An act to continue the term, and vary the powers, of so much of a aft, made in the twenty first year of the reign of his late Mojtjh, for repairing the road from Sutton Coldfield Common, eni several other roads therein defiribed, in the county ^Stafford, a relates to the Wolverhampton iiflrift of roads.

CAP. CII.

An act for repealing certain provisions m two alts of parUanent, so far as the same relate to repairing the highways in the parijk; / Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, tn the tmtj tj Middlesexj and for raising money for repcuring the said bigbw\u

CAP. CIII.

An act for the better preservation of the great bank of the raw We!-larid, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cowbtt, Peak!, Cropland, and Peakirk, and for making and keeping in repw: road thereon, and from thence to the village of Glenton, in tbtem-ties ^Lincoln and Northampton.

CAP. CIV.

An act to explain and amend an all of the eleventh year of tbt reipsf his present Majesty, for amending and widening the read fno Beflelueigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the cmljf Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the count] if Wilts; and from the turnpike road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Rod House up on Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambourn, in thej&d county of Berks.

CAP. CV.

An act for amending, widening, and altering the roads leading frt* Crickhowel, in the county of Breckon, to the Cross Hands, beyond New Inh, in the turnpike road between the city of Hereford and Ross, and from a place called The Lower Cross Ways, in the parish of Saint Maughan-'s, to the town of Grofmouot, in the county of Monmouth 5 and from a smith's flop, at Stanton, in the parish of Llanvihangell, to Chapel a Fine, in the same county; and from the turnpike road9 in the parish of Welsh«Newton, in the county of Hereford, to Ponttanaft, in the parish of Cluddock, in the said county.

CAP. CVI.

An act to continue the termy and alter and enlarge the powers of so much of two acts, made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, as relates to that part of the road from the city of Glasgow to the town {/'Dumbarton, which leads through the county to the town {/'Dumbarton.

CAP. CVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the forty-eighth mile floney in the parish of Cardington, tn the present turnpike road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge; and for continuing a road from thence to the great northern road near Temsford Bridge, in the county of Bedford.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton turnpike road9 near Ropley, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. CIX.

An act for making and keeping in repair a road or passage for horses3 on the banks of the river Severn, between Bewdjey Bridge and a place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, ./?r baling and drawing vessels along the said river; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. CX.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Firjiy and the twenty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several roads leading from Birmingham, through the town of Wednesbury, to a place called High Bulien, and to Great Bridge, and from theme to the end of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinford; and to the further end of Brittel Lane, in the counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester.

