THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXVII

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY;

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst,)

For J. Johnson, in St. Paul's churchyard, G. G. J. & J. Robinson, in Paternoster Row, and D. Ogilvy & Co. in Middle Row, Holborn, London. 1790.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno tricesimo Georgii III. Regis:

Being the SEVENTH Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXVII part I.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno tricesimo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the Seventh Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS

Cap. 1. FOR indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain orders of council, respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his majesty's colonies in America; and for preventing suits in consequence of the same; and for making further provisions relative thereto.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 4. For taking off the duties upon unwrought tin exported to any of the countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 5. For continuing the term of so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. To amend two acts, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty; the one intituled An act for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, and in the West India islands, and the countries belonging to the united states of America; and between his Majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies; and the other intituled An act to allow the importation of rum, or other spirits, from his Majesty's colonies or plantations in the West Indies, into the province of Quebec, without payment of duty, under certain conditions and restrictions.

Cap. 9. For defraying the charge of pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 10. For the better support of the dignity of the speaker of the house of commons; and for disabling the speaker of the house of commons for the time being from holding any office or place of profit, during pleasure, under the crown.

Cap. 11. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

Cap. 12. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

Cap. 13. For appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, (intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety together with those named in two former acts for appointing of of the land tax.

Cap. 14. For continuing the encouragement and reward of persons making certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto; and for adding a commissioner to execute the several acts for the discovery of the longitude at sea.

Cap. 15. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 16. For raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 17. For altering the time appointed for holding the summer session in the court of session in Scotland; and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

Cap. 18. To continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the manufacture of leather by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the reducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas; and to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 19. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

Cap. 20. For rebuilding the parish church and tower of Saint Thomas, within the city of Bristol.

Cap. 21. For better supplying the city of Norwich, and the parts adjacent, with water.

Cap. 22. For the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the county of Suffolk

Cap. 23. To continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as Should be willing to contract for the same.

Cap. 24. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 25. For paving and otherwise improving the town of Honiton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 26. To exempt goods and chattels imported from the settlement of Yucatan in South America, and sold by auction in Great Britain, from the duty imposed on such sales, and for allowing a drawback of the duties on goods exported to Yucatan.

Cap. 27. For encouraging new settlers in his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America.

Cap. 28. For permitting the importation of Cashew gum from his majesty's West India islands, upon payment of the like duty as is paid upon the importation of gum Arabic, or gum Senega.

Cap. 29. For amending an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions; and for regulating the duties on the importation of goods and commodities the growth and production of the countries bordering on the province of Quebec.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 31. To alter so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second intituled An act for the better preventing frauds and abuses in gold and silver wares; and also so much of another act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported, and also certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of silver wares.

Cap. 32. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying certain moneys therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 33. To amend and continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 34. For giving relief to such persons as have suffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government; for making compensation to persons who furnished provisions, or other necessary articles, to the army or navy in America during the war, or whose property was used, seized, or destroyed for the carrying on the publick service there; and also for making compensation to such persons as have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of the province of East Florida to the king of Spain.

Cap. 35. To explain and amend an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, touching the election for knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for that part or Great Britain called England.

Cap. 36. To alter, explain, and amend an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for limiting the number of persons to be carried on the out side of page coaches, or other carriages, and for regulating the conduct of the drivers and guards thereof.

Cap. 37. To continue two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland, upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty "to discontinue for a limited time, the payment of the duties, upon low wines and spirits for home consumption; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies; and for amending the said act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign.

Cap. 38. For repealing the duties upon licences for retailing wine and sweets, and upon licences for retailing distilled spirituous liquors, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 39. For making allowances to distillers of low wines and spirits from malt, corn, or grain, in Scotland, in respect of the duties imposed by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 40. To explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 41. For laying a duty on the importation from any of the provinces in North America, of rape seed, and all other seeds used for extracting oil and for allowing the importation from the said provinces of rape cakes, or cakes made of rape seed used for manure, duty free.

Cap. 42. To continue, for a limited time, certain provisions contained in an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain orders of council respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his Majesty's colonies in America; and for preventing suits in consequence of the same; and for making further provisions relative thereto, relating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and to authorise his Majesty to permit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, or flour; and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

Cap. 43. To authorise the commissioners of the customs to defray charges on seizures, out of his majesty's share of seizures in general.

Cap. 44. To enable his Majesty to settle a certain annuity on the reverend Francis Willis doctor of physic.

Cap. 45. For converting certain annuities, to be attended with the benefit of survivorship in classes, established by an act of the last session of parliament, into certain annuities for an absolute term of years, and for enabling the of of the treasury to nominate lives for the shares so converted.

Cap. 46. For settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the heirs and descendants of William Penn esquire, the original proprietor of the province of Pennsylvania, in consideration of the meritorious services of the said William Penn, and of the Losses which his family have sustained in consequence of the unhappy dissensions in America.

Cap. 47. For enabling his Majesty to authorise his governor or lieutenant governor of such places beyond the seas, to which felons or other offenders may be transported, to remit the sentences of such offenders.

Cap. 48. For discontinuing the judgement which has been required by law to be given against women convicted of certain crimes, and substituting another judgement in lieu thereof.

Cap. 49. To empower justices, and other persons, to visit parish workhouses or poor houses, and examine and certify the state and condition of the poor therein to the quarter sessions.

Cap. 50. To continue and amend an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing of to inquire into the state and condition of the woods, forests, and land revenues belonging to the crown; and to sell or alienate fee farm, and other unimproveable rents.

Cap. 51. For diverting out of the crown the reversion in fee of and in certain hereditaments, heretofore the estate of sir Roger Strickland knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the county of York; and for vesting the same in the Several persons entitled to the said hereditaments; and for extinguishing and destroying a certain term of one hundred years, for which the said hereditaments were limited in trust for his late majesty King George the First, his heirs and successors.

Cap. 52. For improving, continuing, and extending the navigation of the river Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the parish of Cuckfield, and to the extent of the said parish of Cuckfield, and also of a branch of the said river to Shortbridge, in the parish of Fletching, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 53. To alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, several acts made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent; and for putting certain streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the management of parochial committees, subject to the control of the of appointed by or in pursuance of the said several acts; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, obstructions, and incroachments in the said streets, and other places; and for other purposes.

Cap. 54. For vesting the estate and property of the trustees of Westminster fish market in the marine society, for the purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing the powers of the said trustees.

Cap. 55. To enable sir William Hamilton knight of the most honourable order of the bath, his heirs and assigns, to make and provide quays, docks, piers, and other erections; and to establish a market, with proper roads and avenues thereto respectively, within the manor or lordship of Hubberston and Pill, in the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 56. To alter and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from near to Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a collateral cut from the said intended canal at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said county.

Cap. 57. For making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 58. For draining, dividing, and inclosing, certain moors, commons, or wake lands, called Edington, otherwise Burtle Moor, East Heath, West Heath and Clyde Batch, within the hamlet of Edington, and parish of Moorlinch, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 59. For more effectually embanking the marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the county of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the same, and the enclosed lowlands contiguous thereto.

Cap. 60. For effectually carrying into execution two acts of the sixteenth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Stourbridge navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazely canal navigations, in the counties of Worcester and Stafford.

Cap. 61. For authorising and enabling the right honourable George earl of Mount Edgcumbe and Reginald Pole Carew esquire, to establish and maintain a common ferry over and across the river Tamer, between a certain place north of Plymouth Dock in the parish of Stoke Damarel in the county of Devon, and Tor point in the parish of Antony Saint Jacob otherwise Antony in the East, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 62. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the streets, lanes, and passages; for removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances; and for regulating the porters and drivers of carts, within the borough of Truro and part of the adjoining parishes in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 63. For preserving the works made for supplying the town of Bradford in the county of York and part of the township of Horton, in the parish of Bradford aforesaid, with water; for the more easy recovery of the rents for the said water; and to enable the proprietors thereof to borrow money for the improving such works.

Cap. 64. For establishing a chapel at Ramsgate in the parish of Saint Laurence in the Isle of Thanet in the county of Kent, as a chapel of ease to the church of the same parish.

Cap. 65. To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the line of the said canal navigation; and to raise a further sum of money for the purpose of completing the said canal navigation; and for other purposes.

Cap. 66. For paving, and otherwise improving, the city and township of Peterborough.

Cap. 67. For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, lanes, ways, and public passages and places, within the city of Durham, and borough of Framwelgate, and the suburbs thereof, and streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said streets, lanes, ways, and public passages and places; and for regulating and improving the markets within the said city and suburbs.

Cap. 68. For better supplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with water; and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the streets and other places within the said town and neighbourhood, and removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein.

Cap. 69. For amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for pulling down the church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the county of Middlesex; for building a new church, and making a new church yard, or cemetery, in the said parish, with convenient avenues and passages thereto; and for purchasing Pentonville chapel, and making the same a chapel of ease to the said church.

Cap. 70. To amend an act of the last session of parliament, for providing an additional burial ground for the parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a chapel adjoining thereto, and also a house for the residence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

Cap. 71. For taking down the church and tower belonging to the parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, and for building another church and tower for the use of the said parish, and for making an additional cemetery or church yard.

Cap. 72. For taking down the church, chancel, and tower, belonging to the parish of Banbury, in the county of Oxford, and for rebuilding the same.

Cap. 73. For forming a junction between the Forth and Clyde navigation and the Monkland navigation; and for altering, enlarging, and explaining several former acts passed for making and maintaining the said navigations.

Cap. 74. To alter and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the effectual draining and preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the county of Cambridge; and to establish an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the commoners within the said manor.

Cap. 75. To enable the company of proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire canal navigation, to improve the navigation of the river Severn, from Stourport, in the county of Worcester, to a place called Diglis, near the city of Worcester.

Cap. 76. For forming and keeping in repair the streets and other publick passages and places, within a certain district, in the parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same.

Cap. 77. For the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the city of Coventry, and the suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for regulating the publick wells and pumps within the said city and suburbs.

Cap. 78. To continue an act, made in the sixth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to regulate the loading of ships with coals, in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Cap. 79. For rebuilding the parish church of East Grinstead, in the county of Sussex,

Cap. 80. For providing a workhouse for, and for the better relief and employment of, the poor of the parish of Streatham, in the county of Surrey; and for appointing an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the said parish.

Cap. 81. For providing a new poor house for, and for the better relief and government of, the poor of the township of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 82. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr Tidvile, to and through a place called The Bank, near the town of Cardiff in the county of Glamorgan.

Cap. 83. For impowering persons navigating boats, barges, and other vessels, in the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, to hale or tow with horses, or other beasts, on the banks or sea walls of the said river; and for making satisfaction to the owners of the said banks or sea walls.

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 84. To empower William Henry Campbell esquire, to shut up a road and foot paths in the parish of Liston, in the county of Essex; and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future another road and foot path in lieu thereof.

Cap. 85. For continuing an act of the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowse, at the angle where the road divides, to Bixley and Kirby, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 86. For continuing an act of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the city of Norwich, to a stone formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich road joins the Caister causeway, two miles and a half Short of the town of Great Yarmouth.

Cap. 87. For continuing an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the road from Berstreet Gates, in the city of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 88. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the road from Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, to the turnpike road at Randle-Carr Lane Head in Fernilee, in the county of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith.

Cap. 89. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of certain acts of parliament, for repairing the roads from Royston, in the county of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon, and from the town of Huntingdon to the causeway at or near the west end of the town of Somersham, in the county of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the middle and south divisions, and separate district, of the said roads.

Cap. 90. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of the eighth year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and through the town of Goudhurst, in the county of Kent,

Cap. 91. For enlarging the term of an act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Tavernspite to the towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 92. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Leicester and Welford turnpike roads in the counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the turnpike road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said county of Leicester; and for repairing and widening two pieces of road, called Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane in the parishes of Desford and Newbold Verdon.

Cap. 93. For making and repairing the road from Newmish Bridge, by Foodie's Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridges to Craill, and other roads in the county of Fife.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term of several acts, made for repairing the roads from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the end of the town of Trumpington, next to Shelfords and from Shelford Pound to Wittlesford; and for making more effectual provision for repairing the said roads, and also one mile of the road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing at the south end of Trumpington aforesaid; for amending the road from Chesterford Bridge to the end of Wittlesford next to Shelford, all in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 95. To enlarge the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the borough of Dorchester, in the county of Dorset.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the terms, and altering the powers, of two acts, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennet to Sheppard's Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the top of Cherril Hill, and from the town of Avebury to the cross way at Beckhampton, and from the turnpike gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the north side of Swindon, to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunsden, in the county, of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering part of the said roads; and for repairing and widening the road on the west side of The Three Barrows, from the direction post there, on the new road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the distance of one mile from the said direction post westward.

Cap. 97. For continuing the term, and enlarging, altering, and amending, the powers of an act, made in the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from New Chappell, in the county of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the county of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top of Ditchling Best Hills, in the said county of Sussex.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road from Rowde Ford to Red Hills and from Chittoe Heath to the town of Calne, in the county of Wilts; and for repealing three acts, made in the second and twenty-fifth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

Cap. 99. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of certain acts, made for repairing the road from Keighley, in the west riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Westmoreland, so far as relates to such part of the said road as lies within the county of York.

Cap. 100. For making, amending, and keeping in repair, the road from Fosbrook, in the parish of Dillorn, through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 101. To enlarge the terms and powers of three several acts, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, the twenty first year of the reign of King George the Second, and the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Bromsgrove, in the county of Worcester, to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 102. For making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Eve Hill near Dudley, to the New Inn, in the parish of Pattingham, and from the turnpike road at or near Street End, in the parish of Kingswinford, to the turnpike road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford.

Cap. 103. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the county of Huntingdon, and also the road leading out of the aforesaid road at or near the ferry house, in the parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Cross Hall Lane.

Cap. 104. For continuing and amending an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the windmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 105, To continue the term, and alter the powers, of so much of two acts, made in the twenty-fifth and thirty-first years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the roads lying within the county of Linlithgow.

Cap. 106. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the county of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient horse road at Swinford, in the said county.

Cap. 107. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 108. To continue the term, and alter the powers, of so much of two acts, made in the twenty-fifth and thirty first years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the roads lying within the county of Stirling; and for repairing the road from Loanhead to Saint Ninian's, in the said county of Stirling.

Cap. 109. For repairing several roads in the counties of Stirling and Dumbarton.

Cap. 110. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Denbigh, to the turnpike road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the town of Mould, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint.

Cap. 111. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the end of the turnpike road in Shawbury, in the county of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said county; and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the county of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid to the turnpike road in High Ercall, in the said county of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said county; and from thence to the turnpike road in Standford, in the said county.

Cap. 112. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Tunstall, in the county of Stafford, to Bosley, in the county of Chester; and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said county of Stafford.

Cap. 113. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the high roads leading from Alfreton, in the county of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain place in the town of Mansfield called Stockwell; and from the bridle gate, at the division of the liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark turnpike at or near Python Hill, in the forest of Sherwood, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 114. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the east end of Bromham Bridge, in the county of Bedford, to the turnpike road leading from Wellingborough to Olney in the county of Bucks; and also the road from the said turnpike road, at or near the south end of the town of Olney aforesaid, to the turnpike road leading from Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the same county.

Cap. 115. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of certain acts for repairing the road from the town of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the turnpike road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Hertford and Bedford.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for dividing and enclosing the common cow pasture and common fen in the parish of Pointon, in the county of Lincoln.

2. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields and a stinted pasture called Linton Pasture, within the township of Linton, in the west riding of the county of York.

3. An act for naturalising Gottlob Gotthelff Schusler.

4. An act for vesting part of the freehold estates devised by the will of James Money esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising thereby in the purchase of other hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses as the estates to be sold now stand limited to.

5. An act to dissolve the marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fowler, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons, fens, and waste lands, within the parish of Old Buckenham, in the county of Norfolk.

7. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields in the township of Burton Leonard, in the county of York.

8. An act for dividing and enclosing the several moors, commons, or waste grounds, called Dunkeswick Common, Huby Common, Wescoehill Common, and Weeton Green, within the manor and parish of Harewood, in the county of York.

9. An act for dividing and allotting the intermixed or commonable lands and grounds, and common pastures or waste lands, within the manor and parish of Dibden, in the county of Southampton.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, and regulating the open fields, meadows, pastures, moors, commons, and grounds in the parish of North Collingham, in the county of Nottingham.

11. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common moor or tract of waste ground called Killingworth Moor, in the parish of Long Benton, in the county of Northumberland.

12. An act to enable Thomas Samwell Watson Samwell esquire, (lately called Thomas Samwell Watson) and his heirs male, to take the surname, and use the arms of Samwell, pursuant to the will of sir Thomas Samwell baronet, deceased.

13. An act for naturalising George Paetsch, John Christian Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pasteur.

14. An act for naturalising Julius George Bierbaum.

15. An act for naturalising Noah Turmine.

16. An act for naturalising Matthias Koops.

17. An act for embanking the common salt marsh within the parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's, and Terrington Saint John's, in the county of Norfolk, and for dividing and enclosing the same, and other commons within the said parishes.

18. An act for dividing and allotting the open and commonable lands within the manor of Deverill Longbridge, Huffey Deverill, and Monkton Deverill, in the county of Wilts.

19. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Dormstone, in the county of Worcester.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Harby, in the county of Leicester.

21. An act for naturalising William Blaauw.

22. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, common meadows and pastures, common and waste lands, in the liberty or lord ship of Mickleover, in the county of Derby.

23. An act for dividing and enclosing part of a certain common or waste land, called Road Common, within the manor of Road and Longhorn, in the parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the counties of Somerset and Wilts.

24. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds, within the manor of Bleatarn, in the parish of Warcop, in the county of Westmoreland.

25. An act to confirm and establish the division, allotments, and enclosure, of the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, lying in the parish of Cotgrave, in the county of Nottingham, and also several exchanges of lands within the said parish.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Polebrook, in the county of Northampton.

27. An act for impowering the trustees of the most noble Henry duke of Newcastle to lay out part of his settled money in the purchase of a leasehold manor, messuages, farms, lands, tithes, tenements, and hereditaments, lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his settled estates in the counties of Nottingham and York, upon the like trusts, and with the like powers, as his said estates now stand settled upon, or are subject or liable to,

28. An act for sale of part of the settled estates of Richard Wilson esquire, deceased, in the county of York, and for settling other estates, in the county of the city of York, in lieu thereof.

29. An act for vesting the settled estates of the reverend Stephen White, doctor of laws, in London, Middlesex, Surrey, and Hertfordshire, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase money in other estates to be settled to the same uses, and for enabling the trustees in the mean time to grant building and repairing leases

30. An act to enable sir John Riddell baronet, to use the surname and arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the will of Archibald Buchanan esquire, deceased, and for vesting certain estates in the counties of Bedford and Bucks, devised by the said will to the uses therein mentioned, in trustees to sell the same, for discharging encumbrances thereon, and to lay out the residue of the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands to be settled to the same uses, and for other purposes.

31. An act for exchanging the settled estate of the reverend John Tempter, in the county of Kent, for another estate of greater value in the county of Devon, to be settled in lieu thereof.

32. An act for settling and securing the lands of Quintinespie, Kirklands, and others, and the teinds, parsonage, and vicarage of the lands of Redcastle, and others, lying in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in favour of mistress Margaret Lawrie of Redcastle, widow of the deceased Andrew Lawrie esquire of Redcastle, and the same series of heirs in fee tail, and under the same conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in two deeds of entail, made in the years one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven and one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, by Mr. Walter Lawrie of Redcastle, and for vesting in the aforesaid mistress Margaret Lawrie, and her heirs and assigns in fee simple, the lands of Mool and Cairn, and others, in the county of Wigton.

33. An act for vesting certain parts of the settled estates of Thomas Estcourt esquire, in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts, in trustees, to be sold and exchanged, and for laying out part of the money arising by sale in other estates, to be settled to the same uses, and for applying the residue in discharge of encumbrances.

34. An act to effectuate and establish an exchange between William Colhoun esquire, with the provost and college of Eton, of the advowson and right of patronage of and to the consolidated or united rectories of Creeting All Saints and Creeting Saint Olaves, in the county of Suffolk, for the advowson and right of patronage of and to the rectory of East Wretham, in the county of Norfolk.

35. An act to effectuate and establish an exchange between William Colhoun esquire, and the provost and scholars of the king's college of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas, of Cambridge, of the advowson and right of patronage of and to the rectory of Hepworth, in the county of Suffolk, and certain pieces of land and hereditaments in Hepworth aforesaid, for the advowson and right of patronage of and to the rectory of West Wretham, in the county of Norfolk.

36. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of the most noble Charles duke of Norfolk, in the county of Sussex, in him the said duke, in fee, and for settling other estates of the said duke, in the same county, of equal or greater value, in lieu thereof.

37. An act for vesting the manor of Fisherton Delamere otherwise Fisherton Delamore, and other hereditaments in the county of Wilts, devised by the will of the most noble Charles formerly duke of Bolton, with the appurtenances, in trustees, discharged of the uses and trusts of the said will, for the purpose of more effectually carrying into execution certain decrees or decretal orders of the court of chancery for the sale of the said estates.

38. An act to confirm a lease lately made by Henry Nevill, earl of Abergavenny, of certain entailed mines, and other hereditaments, in the county of Monmouth, and to enable granting future leases of the said entailed mines, and other hereditaments, and also of all other estates of which the said earl is seized, as tenant in tail male, under an act of parliament passed in the second and third years of the reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the limitations in the last will of George lord Abergavenny, in the said act of Philip and Mary mentioned.

39. An act for vesting the settled estates of Richard Hatchett esquire, and Katharine his wife, in the county of Chester, and part of their settled estates in the county of Salop, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase money in other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

40. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, heath, and waste grounds, within the parish of Bowbrickhill and hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the county of Buckingham.

41. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, and commonable places in the parish of Lutterworth, in the county of Leicester.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, and regulating, certain open fields, meadows, pastures, carrs, commons, and waste grounds, within the township and liberty of Clayworth, in the parish of Clayworth, in the county of Nottingham.

43. An act for draining, dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain commons and waste lands, and also a certain open common meadow within the manors of Whychurch and Milborne, and Little Somerford, in the county of Wilts.

44. An act for dividing and enclosing Tickton carr, or common, in the county of York.

45. An act for dividing and allotting several open and common lands and grounds, within the parishes of Great Bedwin, Little Bedwin, and Preshute in the county of Wilts.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and township of Hutton Bushell, in the north riding of the county of York.

47. An act for naturalising Françoise Antoinette De Luc.

48. An act for naturalising August Leberecht Schonberg.

49. An act for the partition of diverse messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in Skendleby, and other parishes, in the county of Lincoln, in which sir Peter Burrell baronet, in right of the right honourable Priscilla Barbara Elizabeth, baroness Willoughby of Eresby, his wife, and the reverend Edward Brackenbury, have now undivided moieties, or half parts.

The End of the TABLE.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, & Hiberniae, tricesimo.

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the eighteenth day of May Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations and adjournments, to the twenty-first day of January 1790; being the seventh session of the sixteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain orders of council respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and also certain order issued by the governor-general of his Majesty's colonies in America; and for preventing suits in consequence of the same, and for making further provisions relative thereto.

---

[Preamble.]

Order of his Majesty in

WHEREAS his Majesty, by an order in council, bearing date the twenty-third day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, was pleased to order that no person or persons whatever Should, from and after the publication of that order in the

London Gazette, until further order, directly or indirectly expect, recit^d, 7^transport, carry, or convey, or caitfe or procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any fori or place in Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried

2

Order of priv council of Jan, 1790j Recited.

13 Geo. 3,

C 4-3*

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 1. [1790.

out of any port or place in Great Britain, any wheats wheat four, rye, rye meal, barky, barley meal, malt, bread, biscuit, oats, oatmeal, and beans; his Majesty did nevertheless think fit to order, and did thereby order that nothing therein contained should extend to prohibit any person or persons to ship or put on board any of the articles aforesaid, to be carried coastwise; that is to Jay, From any port, creek, member, or part of the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port, creek, or member of the same, having such or the like coast cocquet or sufferance for that purpose, on such or the like sufficient security being first given for the landing and discharging of the sane in some other port, member, creek, or part of the said kingdom, and returning a certificate in six months, as is required by law, in cases where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another; nor to prohibit such or so much of any of the aforesaid articles as Should be necessary from being exported or carried out in any Ships or vessels in their voyage out and home, for the fufienance of the persons on board of such Ships or vessels only, or for victualling or providing any of his Majesty's Ships of war, or other Ships in his Majestfs service, or for the use of his Majesty's forces, sorts, or ghrrifons, and his Majesty was further pleased to order, as it was thereby ordered by the advice aforesaid, that from and after the publication of that order in the London Gazette, and until further order, the importation of wheat, wheat four, rye, rye meal, barley, barley meal, oats, and oatmeal, shoidd be allowed into the ports of that part of Great Britain called England, and into the ports of Wales, and into Berwick upon Tweed, upon payment of the duties commonly Y called The Low Duties only: and whereas the lords of his Majesty's mo ft honourable privy council, by an order bearing date the second day of January I aft, were pleased to order that all foreign corn and grain, and flour and meal, which had been imported into this kingdom, and which was then warehoused, or which Should thereafter be imported and warehoused under the joint locks of the King, and the importer or proprietor of such corn, grain, flour, and meal, according to law, Should be allowed to be re exported from such warehouses, under the several regulations, conditions, and restrictions, of an act passed in the thirteenth year ojhis present Majesty's reign, (intituled An acto regulate the importation and exportation of corn,) and that all foreign corn and grain, a?idflour and meal, and also all British corn, grain, peaje, beans, malt, flour, oatmeal, bread, and biscuit, which were respectively entered for exportation according to law, in the port London, before the publication of his ala)efts s said order in council in the London Gazette, or which ivere respectively entered for exportation according to law in the several other ports or places in this kingdom, before the collectors of the customs at the said several ports or places had received his alaje/ids said order in council, Should be allowed to be exported from this kingdom; and that the several Ships then in the port of London, which were laden with wheat and meal, flour, bread, and biscuit, before the publication of his Majesty's said order in council in the London Gazette, and which were respectively entered according to lazy for exportation to his majesty's sugar colonies in America, under the several regulations, conditions, and restrictions contained in an act

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 1; 3

passed in the fourteenth year of his said Majestfs reign, (intituled An i4geo.3. c. 5. act to allow the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; and to extend the provisions of an act made in the last session of parliament, entitled,

An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, allowing the exportation of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the islands of Guernsey and Jersey, to bread, biscuit, and peas; and to allow the exportation of all the said articles to the island of Alderney), Should he allowed to proceed to their respective ports of delivery in the sugar colonies aforesaid, and that the several hips then in the port of London, which were laden with any other sort of corn and grainy peas, or beans, ground or unground, malt or oatmeal before the publication of his Majestfs said order in council in the London Gazette, or which were Jo laden in any other port or place in this kingdom., before the collectors of the cujloiris at those ports respectively had received his Majestfs said order in council, and vjhich were respectively entered according to law for exportation to his Majestf s said sugar colonies in America, under the several regulations, conditions, and re jlriftions contained in the said before recited act passed in the four teenth year of his said Majestf s reigny Should be allowed to proceed to their respective points of delivery in the sugar colonies aforesaid: and Order of whereas the lords of his Majestf s most honourable privy council, by an junci. order bearing date on the eighth day of January lajly were further I 790> recited pleased to order, that all malt declared or made for exportation oi or before the twenty-eighth day December one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, might be exported, provided the proprietor or proprietors thereof Should produce to the collector or chief officer of the cijloms, at the port where such malt Should be exported, a certificate or certificates from the officer or officers of the excise with whom the entry of the corny intended to be ? made into such malt for exportation, was madey that the said malt was actually declared or made for exportation on or bej'ore the said twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine: and whereas his majesty, by an order Order of his in councily bearing date the eleventh day of November one thousand Majesty in seven hundred and eighty nine, was pleased to order, that an additional

quantity of grain or floury according to the proportion established by law, recited* exceeding seven hundred and fifty quarters, Should be permitted to be j.hipped at the port of Southampton, and exported to the ifa?id of Jersey, for the use of the inhabitants of that islandy and his Majestfs troops Jlationed there, up to the twenty-fifth day of December then nexty upon security being first given for the due landing of such grain and flour in the said island of Jersey, and producing certificates thereof in the manner directed by the act passed in the fourteenth year of his Majestfs reigny (intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn:,) and whereas his Majesty, by another order in Another or coiincif bearing date the eighteenth day of November one thousand der of his seven hundred and eighty nine, was pleased to order, that an additional Majesty in quantity offloury not exceeding three hundred Jacks, Should be permitted igq

to be hipped at the port of Southampton, and exported to the said recited island of Guernsey, for the use of the inhabitants of that islandy and of his Majestfs troops Jlationed therey up Jo the twenty-fifth day of

All suits for acts done under the recited orders to be diichayged.

4 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 1. [1790.

December then next, upon security being sir ft given for the due land ing of fuel) flour in the said if and of Guernsey, and producing certificates, thereof in the inanner directed by the act passed in the fourteenth year of his Majests reign, (intituled An act to regulate the im* Order of lord portation and exportation of corn:,) and whereas the right honour 1't^rectet a^e orc Dorchester, governor and captain-general of his Majesty's colonies in North America, did, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, order and dir eft that flour, meal, biscuit, rice, and Indian corn, might be imported into the province of Quebec, by Jea, fro?n the united fates of America, in British bottoms navigated according to law, to the close of that year's navigation: and whereas the several orders aforesaid cannot be jufifled by law, but were so much for the service of the public, and so necessary for the safety and preservation of his Majests subjects, that they ought to be jufifled by act of parliament, and all persons issuing, advising, or acting wider, or in obedience to the said orders respectively, indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal actions and suits, indi<3> ments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings what feever, which have been of shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons, for or by reason of any al, matter, or thing, advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborn to be done, in relation to the said several orders, or any of them, or of any contract or agreement not performed by reason or by means of, or in obedience to, such Orders of council, or any of them, be, are and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this aand that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons, for or by reason of any such al, matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborn to be done, or such contrail or agreement not General issue. performed, he, she or they may plead the general issue, and give If plaintiffs this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or in ailions^pro plaintiffs, in any ailion or suit so to be prosecuted or commenced Great Britain ater the twenty second day of February one thousand seven hun atterfeb. 22, dred and ninety, in that part of Great Britain called England, or and in Quebec after the ffrft day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, at ter July 1, n the province of Quebec, shall become rtonfuit, or forbear farther 1790, ecome prosecution? or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdiil pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, flic, or they shall! have the like remedy as in cases where the coffs by law are given to defendants; and if any such action or luit as aforesaid shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said twenty second day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before which such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his double costs of suit, in all such cases as aforesaid

c79°. nonsuit, the defendants to recover double costs.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. i. 5

II. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Defendants in any action or suit hath been already commenced against any per aftdonsal son or persons for any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, commenced, may manded, appointed, or done, or forborn to be done, or on ac apply to the count of any such contrast or agreement not performed, it shall court to stay and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such actions Proceedings. or suits respectively, in whatever courts in Great Britain, or in his majesty's province of ^uebecy such actions or suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such court or courts respectively to stay

all proceedings therein respectively, by motion in a summary way, and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order shall award and allow, to the defendants or defenders respectively, double costs of suit, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy as in cases where the costs are by lav given to defendants or defenders.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Wheat, 8ccv no person or persons whatever shall, directly or indirectly, export, exported out transport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, ^ip^r ilh^t transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from any port or place tpat within the kingdom of Great Britain, or load or lay on board, or tent, to be for cause or procure to be loaded or laid on board of any ship, vessel, feited, as also or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, the

out of any port or place in Great Britain, any wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye meal, barley, barley meal, malt, bread, biscuit, oats, oatmeal, peas, or beans, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to say, That all and every the said commodities, which shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or so loaded or laid on board in any ship, or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, or carried out of the kingdom of Great Britain, contrary to this act, shall be forfeited, and that every offender or offenders therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty Shillings for every bushel of wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye meal, barley, barley meal, malt, oats, oatmeal, peas, and beans, and twelve pence for every pound weight of bread or biscuit which shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or so loaded or laid on board in any ship, or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the said kingdom of Great Britain, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, in or on board of which any of the said articles hereinbefore specified shall be so respectively exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or in or upon which any of the said respective articles shall be so loaded or laid, in order to be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and one moiety of all the said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the king's ma Application jesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or of penalties; them who shall sue for the same; and for offences which shall be re to be r committed in that part of Great Britain called England, such pe covei^j# nalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by* action of debt, bill,

Matters or

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 1. [1790.

plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster; or, where the value of such penalties or forfeitures shall not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, the same shall and may be recovered by information at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, or place where the offence flail have been committed, and in such suit, no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same shall and may be recovered by action, or summary bill on information in the courts of section or exchequer in Scotland; or where the value of such penalties or forfeitures flail not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, the same shall and may be recovered by summary bill or information at any general quarter sessions of the peace, by action in the sheriffs or stewards court of the county or stewartry where the of mariners hav fence shall be committed; and that the matter and mariners of ingknowledge any such ship, vessel, or boat, wherein any such offence shall be of offences committed, having knowledge of such offence, and wittingly ai^and aid anc w^ngty aiding and assisting the rein, and being thereof duly ing therein, to convicted in any such courts respectively as aforesaid, shall be im be imprisoned. prisoned for the space of three months, without bail or mainprize. The articles

IV. Provided always, That this act, or anything herein con herein enume tained, flail not extend, or be confirmed or deemed to extend, to rated may be prohibit any of the several articles herein enumerated from being carried coastwise, nor to prohibit the exportation of so much of the said several articles respectively as shall be necessary to be carried in any ship or ships, or other vessel or vessels, on their respective voyages out and home, for the sustenance, diet, and support of the commanders, matters, mariners, passengers, or others, in the same ships or vessels only, or for the victualling or providing any of his majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vessels in his majesty's service, or for his majesty's forces, sorts, or garrisons, or to Gibraltar, Saint Helena, the islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, and the isle of Man, for the sustenance and use of the inhabitants thereof; nor to prohibit the exportation of the same respectively to the British forts, cattles, or factories in Africa, for the support of the psrfons residing the rein, or for the use of ships or vessels trading on that coafi: that have been usually supplied with the same from Great Britain; nor to prohibit the exportation of the same respectively to the island o 1 Newfaujtdland, for the benefit of the Britifa fishery there, or to hudfoas Bay in North America, for the benefit of the Hudson's Bay company and their servants residing the re, or to the bay of Honduras, for the sustenance and use of the British settlers there, of such forts and kinds only respectively, and only in such quantities and proportions respectively, and under and subject to all such terms, conditions, provisions, securities, rules, regulations, reftfictions, penalties, and forfeitures as are now directed, provided, and established, touching and respecting the exportation of the several articles aforesaid respectively to the several places aforesaid respectively, by any act or acts of parliament now in force.

carried coastwise, or for the diet of prews, C

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 1. 7

V Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in The articles this act contained shall extend, or be construed or deemed to ex herein after tend, to prohibit the several articles herein after expressed being may^e^x exported out of and from the ports of London, Brijhl, Liverpool, ported from or Glasgow, and none other, to his majesty's sugar colonies in London, C America, for the sustenance and use of the inhabitants of the Ibid.to the sugar colonies, so as the whole quantity, to be so exported before the ame^ic^in fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, do not the quantities exceed the several quantities hereafter respectively limited; that herein speci is to say. Five thousand and fifty seven quarters of beans, two fiecb thousand seven hundred and eighty quarters of oats, one thousand one hundred and sixty quarters of oatmeal, eight hundred and fifteen quarters of peas, one hundred and sixty ieven quarters of rye, two hundred and eighty-five quarters of wheat, and eight thousand nine hundred and twenty-two quarters of wheat flour; which quantities shall be exported in fucfi proportions respectively, from such of the before mentioned ports respectively, to such of the said sugar colonies respectively, as shall be directed by the lords of the committee of his majesty's privy council appointed for the consideration of all matters relating to trade and foreign plantations, and under and subject! to all such terms, conditions, provisions? securities, rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which such articles are respectively subject! by any act or acts of parliament in force for the exportation of corn, grain, or flour to his majesty's sugar colonies in America,

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall Foreign corn, extend, or be construed or deemed to extend, to prevent any

foreign corn and grain, and flour and meal, which is now or maybe'ex*which shall hereafter be warehoused, under the joint locks of the ported ffonx King and of the importer or proprietor of such corn, grain, flour, such ware and meal, in manner directed by an act passed in the thirteenth house. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, from being exported from Great Britain; but that the same shall and may be exported diredfly from the warehouse or warehouses wherein the same respectively now are, or hereafter shall be, secured in manner aforesaid, under the several rules, regulations, conditions, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, under which such foreign corn and grain, flour and meal, so warehoused in pursuance of the aforesaid act of the thirteenth year of his present majesty's reign, may be exported, by the several laws now in force; nor to prevent Foreign or any foreign corn and grain, and flour and meal, nor*any britijjo British corn, corn, grain, peas, beans, malt, flour, oatmeal, bread, and bif 0rc]0ea^eec|eat cuit, which were respectively entered for exportation, or loaded London for or laid on board of any ship, vessel, or boat for exportation, ac exportation, cording to law, in the port of London, before the publication of before the^his majesty's said order in council, dated the twenty-third day of thvo^te11 December one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, in the ancj at other London Gazette, or which were respectively entered for exporta ports, before

tien, or loaded or laid on board of any ship, vessel, or boat for the receipt at

P, the customs

expo - the onjer

in council of Dec. 23, 1789, may be exported.

Malt made or declared for exportation before Dec. 519, 1789, may be exported, on certificate from the excise officer.

hips at London laden with wheat, See. for the sugar colonies in America before the publication in the Gazette, and at other ports before the receipt at the customs, of the order in council of Dec. 23, 1789, may proceed on their voyages.

Wheat, See. may be imported into England,

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 1. [1790.

exportation, according to law, in the several other ports or places in Great Britain before the collectors of his majesty's customs at the said several ports or places had received his majesty's said order in council, dated the twenty-third day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, but that the same shall and may be exported from Great Britain, under the several securities, rules, regulations, conditions, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, under which such foreign corn and grain, and flour and meal, or such British corn, grain, peas, beans, malt, flour, oatmeal, bread, and biscuit, may be exported by the several laws now in force.

VII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit the exportation of such malt as shall have been made or declared for exportation, on or before the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, upon the proprietor or proprietors of such malt as aforesaid producing to the collector or chief officer of the customs, at the port where such malt as aforesaid shall be exported, a certificate or certificates, from the officer or officers of the excise with whom the entry of the corn intended to be made into such malt as aforesaid for exportation shall have been made, that such malt was actually declared or made for exportation on or before the twenty-eighth day of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent the several hips or vessels now in the port of London, which were laden with wheat and meal, flour, bread and biscuit, before the publication of his majesty's said order in council, dated the twenty-third day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, in the London Gazette and which were respectively entered according to law for exportation to his majesty's sugar colonies in America, from proceeding to their respective ports of delivery in the sugar colonies aforesaid; nor to hinder the several hips now in the said port of London, which were laden with any other sort of corn and grain, peas or beans, ground or unground, malt or oatmeal, before the publication of his majesty's said order in council, dated the twenty-third day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, in the London Gazette, or which were so laden in any other port or place in Great Britain, before the collectors of his majesty's customs at those ports respectively had received that order of his Majesty in council, and which were respectively entered according to law for exportation to his majesty's said sugar colonies in America, from proceeding to their respective ports of delivery, under the several securities, rules, regulations, conditions, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, under which the same articles may be exported respectively to his majesty's sugar colonies aforesaid, by any law now in force.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatever to import into any of the ports of that part of Great Britain called

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 1. 9

England, or into the ports of Wales, or into the port of Berwick Wales, and upon Tweed., any wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye meal, barley, barley Berwick upon meal, oats, and oatmeal, peas and beans, and the same hall and of

may be respectively delivered to the proprietor or proprietors the low du thereof, on payment of the duties commonly called The Low ties.

Duties, and none other any law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often Wheat, See. as any wheat, or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, imported on bigg, or oats, hall be imported, on payment of the duties com ties^ancf^u- monly called The Low Duties, into any of the ports where the mjght same, if imported at a time when the higher duties were payable, have been might by law have been lodged and secured under the joint locks warehoused of the King, and the importer or proprietor, such corn, grain,

or flour, hall, if the same shall be required by the importer or ye proprietor thereof, be landed from on board the ship or vessel ia warehoused, the presence of the proper officer or officers, and after a due ac C count thereof taken by the proper officer of the customs shall be immediately lodged and secured, under the joint locks of the King, and the importer or proprietor of such corn, grain, or flour, in such warehouse or warehouses as shall be for that purpose provided, at the foie expense of the said importer or proprietor, with the approbation and under the care and inspection of the commissioners of the customs, or any three or more of them, or the collector and comptroller of the customs for the port where such corn, grain, or flour, hall be imported, there to be kept, and not delivered or taken out of such warehouse or warehouses, but in the same manner, and under the same conditions, securities, regulations, rules, restrictions, and penalties, as are provided in the said act passed in the thirteenth year of his present majesty's reign, respecting corn, grain, or flour, lodged and secured under the joint locks of the King, and the importer or proprietor.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Wheat, C wheat, or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or which has oats, hall have been hitherto imported on payment of the duties ^rtfd and commonly called The Low Duties, and hall have been landed warehoused from on board the ship or vessel in which the same was imported under the

in the presence of the proper officers of the customs, and hall

have been by such officer or officers immediately lodged and customs and

secured in a warehouse or warehouses, under the joint locks of the importer,

him or them, and of the importer or proprietor, such wheat, may be de

wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, hall livered under

be considered as having been warehoused under the joint locks of Hie res^la*

1 t7 -- 1 1 J*tiens of 13

the King, and the importer or proprietor, according to the direc Geo. 3. c. 43.

tiens of the said act passed in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, and may be delivered and taken out of such warehouse or warehouses, in the same manner, and under the same conditions, securities, regulations, restrictions, and penalties, as are provided in the said last mentioned act.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act

io Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 2 — 8. [1790.

Act to continue in force, till Sept. 29, 3790, and may be altered,

C in the present session.

shall continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and may be altered, varied, or repealed by any or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety. — 4s. in the pound in England, to raise 1)989, 6731. 7s. lod. iq. in Scotland, 47, 954l. is. ad. — Total 2, 037, 627l. 9s. od. iq.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety. — 1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued till June 24, 1791.

CAP. IV.

An act for taking off the duties upon unwrought tin exported to any of the countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

From March 1, 1790, no duty of customs to be payable on unwrought tin exported to any place beyond the Cape of Good Hope, provided bond be given for landing it beyond the Cape. Such bonds shall be discharged on a certificate from the Supercargo of the east-india company, if landed in China; or from the governor, or two of the council, if landed in the company's settlements; or from two principal merchants, if beyond the Cape of Good Hope where the company have no settlement; which certificate to be produced to the collector or comptroller of the customs in England in thirty months.

CAP. V

An act for continuing the term of so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (chap. 18.) as relates to the rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. — Continued till May 15, 1792.

CAP. VI.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; for the better payment of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 17, 448, including; 1, 620 invalids.

CAP. VII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty* marine forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An act to amend two acts, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty; the one intituled An act for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, and in the West-india islands, and the countries belonging to the united states of America; and between his Majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies; and the other intituled An act to allow the importation of rum, or other spirits, from his Majesty's colonies or plantations in the West Indies, into the province of Quebec, without payment of duty, under certain conditions and restrictions.

28 Geo. 3. c. 6. recited. In case of emergency, the governor of Quebec, with the consent of the council, may authorise the importation by sea or coastwise of neat cattle, C from the united states, by British subjects, in British built ships, See. 28 Geo. 3. c. 39. recited. Lumber, C exported under the recited act (except white oak staves) to be of the produce of Quebec. Goods forfeited may be seized by officers of customs, or commanders

It

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 9, 10.

of the king's ships, or any officer specially authorised by them $ to be recovered and applied to the customs, either in this kingdom, or in North America, or the West Indies, as the case may happen. Commencement of aft May 1, 1790.

CAP. IX.

An act for defraying the charge of pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety. — Continued annually.

CAP. X

An act for the better support of the dignity of the speaker of the house of commons; and for d fabling the speaker of the house of commons for the time being from holding any office or place of profit, during pleasure, under the crown.

Most gracious Sovereign.

[Preamble.]

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous of making provision for enabling the speaker of the house of commons for the time being more effectually to support the dignity of the said office, and the expense necessarily attending the same; and having resolved that, for that purpose, the lords of of the treasury Should be authorised to direct, from time to time, a sum to be issued at the exchequer, which, together with the fees and allowances of five pounds per day, now payable on account of the said office, may amount to the clear yearly sum of six thousand pounds, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the secretary of the speaker of the house of commons the speaker's for the time being, or such other officer or personas the speaker the

shall appoint, hall, as soon as conveniently may be after the extreasury, °atc piration of the quarter ending on the fifth day of April one thou the times sand seven hundred and ninety, deliver to the lord high treasurer, herein men or of of the treasury for the time being, an account, of theg" signed by the speaker of the house of commons, of the fees which sees received., shall have been received on account of the speaker of the house and sums due of commons, between the twenty-fifth day of December one thou or received of sand seven hundred and eighty mine, and the twenty-fifth day of to^he^eak^r March one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and also an ac 0utof the count of such sum as shall have been received, or which shall be civil list, due and payable at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, out of his majesty's civil list revenues, on the allowance of five pounds per day usually made to the speaker of the house of commons for the time being, for the same period; and that the secretary of the speaker of the house of commons for the time being, or such other officer or personas the speaker shall appoint, shall also, seven days at least before the expiration of the quarters ending

If the fees, and the sum received or due to the speaker from the civil list, within any of the periods before mentioned, shall exceed 1, 500l. the excels to be carried to the account of the next quarter, See.

12 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1790.

on the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, deliver a like account of the fees which shall have been received on account of the speaker of the house of commons, and of the sum which shall have been received, or which shall be due and payable on the allowance of five pounds per day, as aforesaid, between the twenty-fifth day of March and the twenty-fourth day o June, between the twenty-fourth day of Juju and the twenty-ninth day of September, and between the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety reflectively, and foin like manner in every succeeding quarter.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time the amount of the sums received under the head of fees, and of the sum which shall have been received, or shall be due and payable at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, on the allowance of five pounds per day, within any of the said periods, for which the accounts hereby directed to be delivered in are required to be computed, shall exceed the clear sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, such excess shall be carried to the account to be delivered in previous to the next ensuing quarter, as so much money received by the speaker of the house of commons, to be added to the several receipts under the head of fees, or sums received or due and payable at the exchequer as aforesaid, within the period of the said next ensuing account; and if at any time the amount of the sums received under the head of fees, and which shall have been received, or shall be due and payable at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, on the allowance of five pounds per day, within any of the said periods, for which the ac eounts hereby directed to be delivered in are required to be computed, together with such excess as shall be brought forward, in the manner herein directed, from any preceding account, shall exceed the clear sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, such last mentioned excess shall also in like manner be carried forward

to the account to be delivered in previous to the next ensuing quarter.

If the fees

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and allowance if, at the expiration of the quarter ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the whole amount quarter end ums which shall have been received by the speaker of the

ing April 5, house of commons on account of fees, together with the sum 1790, shall be which shall have been received, or which shall be due and pay less than able on the allowance of five pounds per day as aforesaid, between deficfenc/to twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and be made good eighty nine, and the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand from the sup seven hundred and ninety, shall be less than the clear sum of one plies for 1790; thousand five hundred pounds, it shall and may be lawful for the lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer for

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. to.

the time being to make forth and pass debentures for paying to the speaker of the house of commons for the time being, or to his order, out of any of the aids or supplies which shall have been granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, such sum and sums of money as shall, together with the sums received by the speaker of the house of commons, or which shall be due and payable to him on account of the period for which the said account is directed to be computed, make up the clear sum of one thousand five hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and thereafter if at any future time the whole amount of the sums received by fr°.in the con the speaker of the house of commons, or which shall have been f°hdatedfund. brought to his account, in the manner herein before directed,

within any of the said periods for which the accounts hereby directed to be delivered in are required to be computed, shall be less than the clear sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, it shall and may be lawful for the lord high treasurer, and the of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer for the time being to make forth and pass debentures for paying to the speaker of the house of commons for the time being, or to his order, out of the duties and revenues which compose the fund, commonly called The Consolidated Funds such sum and sums of money as shall, together with the sums which shall have been received by the speaker of the house of commons, or which shall be due and payable to him, or which shall have been brought to his account, within any of the said periods as aforesaid, make up the clear sum of one thousand five hundred pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That After pre

such payments shall be made out of the said consolidated fund, vious appro after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and of the°con°so sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts Udated fund, of parliament to be paid out of the same, but with preference to the payments all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, under this act or payable out of such fund; and such warrant and debenture, C

to be made forth and passed thereon, shall be a sufficient autho 9

rity to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer for the time being, for the payment of such sum and sums of money to the speaker of the house of commons for the time being; and that the receipt of the speaker of the house of commons for the time being shall be a sufficient discharge for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several sum and sums Payments out of money directed by this act to be issued to the speaker of the of the confo house of commons, for the purpose of completing the clear sum

of one thousand five hundred pounds, shall be free and clear from apt Jaxes< 1 all taxes, impositions, and other public charges whatever; and that the speaker of the house of commons for the time being shall be free and clear of all taxes, impositions, and public charges,

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. n — 14. [1790.

in respect of such sums, anything contained in any law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstarlding.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the speaker of the house of commons for the time being shall not under°ther° 1 or enj°y> n his own name or in the name of any person or crown during persons in trust for him or for his benefit any office or place of pleasure. profit under the crown during pleasure.

Speaker not to hold any

CAP. XI.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

33 Geo. 3. c. 39. 34 Geo. 3. c. 45. 33 Geo. 3. fe. 39. so far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the united states of America, and 34 Geo. 3. c. 49. to continue in force till April 5, 179l. Articles from any place bordering on the Baltic, which may be exported from this kingdom, if exported contrary to law, and goods imported from the united states of America, and not permitted by law, and also goods imported from these states contrary to law, to be forfeited. How forfeitures are to be recovered and applied. Act to continue in force till April 5, 1791; but may be repealed this session.

CAP. XII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and fild affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

CAP. XIII.

An act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, (intituled An act for granting an aid to his majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety), together with those named in two former acts foj; appointing of of the land tax.

CAP. XIV.

An act for continuing the encouragement and reward of persons making certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto; and for adding a commissioner to execute the several acts for the discovery of the longitude at sea.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty frf year of the

aigeo, 3.0.5a. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 14.

the encouragement and reward of persons making certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto, the commissioners for the discovery of the longitude at sea were empowered, whenever they Should be satis fed of the probability of any proposal or propofah that Should be made to them for discovering the said longitude, or making any other useful discovery and improvement in navigation, so as to think it proper to cause experiments to be made thereof to certify the same to the commissioners of the navy; and also, in case they Should adjudge any person or persons to have made any discovery for finding the longitude at sea, which though not of so great use as to be entitled to any of the great rewards specified in an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the repeal of all i4geo.3. c. 66. former acts concerning the longitude at sea, except so much thereof as relates to the appointment and authority of the of thereby constituted, and also such clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing of nautical almanacs, and other useful tables; and for the more effectual encouragement and reward of such person and persons as shall discover a method for finding the same, or shall make useful discoveries in navigation, and for the better making experiments relating thereto; yet that the said discovery was of considerable use to the public,or to have made any other discovery or discoveries, improvement or improvements useful to navigation, to certify such less reward, or sum or sums of money, as they the said of for the discovery of longitude fioould think reasonable to be paid to such person or persons; and the of of the navy % uere thereby authorised and required to make out bills upon the treasurer of the navy for such sums so certified, who was thereby authorised to pay the same immediately to such person or persons: and whereas, by reason of several payments made by the treasurer of the navy to several persons in pursuance of the directions of the said first mentioned act, the said of for the discovery of longitude have marly expended the sum of five thousand pounds granted by the said act for the purposes aforesaid: and whereas the continuing the said encouragements and rewards, for the purposes mentioned in the said first mentioned act, will contribute to the advantage of trade, and to the honour of this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be law commission full to and for the said of for the discovery of longi ers of longitude, and they have hereby full power and authority, whenever the probabi^they shall be satisfied of the probability of any proposal or propo lity of success fals that shall be made to them for the discovering the said Ion of any pro gitude, or making any other useful discovery and improvement in p°^for navigation, so as to think it proper to cause experiments to be p^gitude C made thereof, to certify the same to the of of the to the com navy; and also, in case they shall adjudge any person or persons missioners of

to the navy.

16 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 14. [1790.

to have made any discovery for finding the longitude at sea, which though of not so great use as to be entitled to any of the great rewards specified in the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, yet that the said discovery is of considerable use to the public, or to have made any other discovery or discoveries, improvement or improvements useful to navigation, to certify such less reward, or sum or sums of money, as they the said of for the discovery of longitude shall think reason commission able to be paid to such person or persons; and the of to80rdctreavy^nav7 are ^ere^y authorised and required to make out a bill wardstotueh or bills upon the treasurer of the navy for such sum or sums as persons, as the shall be so certified to them by the said of for the dif commission covery of longitude; and the said treasurer of the navy is hereby tud°faail^c"r aut^or^e(^ an required to pay immediately such sum or sums to tifytohave^" the person or persons who shall be appointed by the said commis made any use sioners for the discovery of longitude to make such experiments, full discove or to receive such less reward, or sum or sums of money, for make

nes, C ing lester discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or any other

discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, out of any moneys which shall be in his the said treasurer's hands unapplied to the use of the navy.

Sums paid by JJ provided always, and be it enacted, That all such sum or a<^not°mex ^lirns money as shah be Pa by the treasurer of the navy, by ceed 5, cool, virtue of this act, for the purposes of making such experiments as aforesaid, and in rewarding in a lester degree lester discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, and also other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, do not all together exceed the sum of five thousand pounds; provided also that such sum or sum shall be certified, and such bills shall be made out, and payment thereof made in such manner, and under the same regulations and provisions as are in and by the said act, of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, prescribed with regard to the sum of five thousand pounds by the said act made applicable to the encouragement and reward of such person or persons as Should make letter discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or make other useful disco ries and improvements in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto. a6geo.a. c. 25. HI. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty ft xth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to render more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne intituled An act for providing a public k reward for such person or persons as flmll discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude, and to enlarge the number of commissioners for putting in execution the said act, the secretary of the ad miralty for the tune being is appointed one of the commissioners for pvt ting in execution the said acts: and whereas face the passing thereof an Secretaries of additional secretary to the adtniralty has been appointed; be it there the admiralty fore enacted, That the secretaries of the admiralty for the time to be commit being shall be, and they are hereby appointed com rniltioners for gitude.° n" putt*ng e salt and also an act passed in the fifth year of his

*7

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 15 — 18.

present majesty's reign, for explaining and rendering more effectual the said acts, into execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been appointed commioioners of the said acts of the twelfth year of Queen Anne, of the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any or either of them.

CAP. XV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 500, 000l. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1791, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt ad of this session, concerning loans, See. The clauses, See. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1791. Action not to lie for such refufab Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the next supplies; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1791, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An act for raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Commissioners of the treasury may raise a, oooo, ooool. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1791, in manner as by the malt ad of this session is prescribed, C The clauses in the said act relating to loans or bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so lltued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 17-91. Action not to lie for such refusal. Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1791, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Mai'iae notwithstanding.

CAP. XVII.

An act for altering the time appointed for holding the summer session in the court of session in Scotland; and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

The summer session in the court of session to begin upon May 12, and end July 11. Whitsuntide term in the exchequer to begin upon May 12, and end June a; and Lammas term to begin upon June 17, and end July 5, Spring circuits to be held between March ia, and May 12. 16 Geo. a. C II recited. Complaint to the lord ordinary, on the bills in time of vacation, to be equivalent to complaint to the court of session as directed by the recited act. Writs already issued from the exchequer, returnable on June ia, 1790, may be proceeded on, as if they had been returnable on the first day of Lammas term.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the manufacture of leather by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to VOL. XXXVII C prevent

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 19, 20. [1790.

prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the teas; and to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by clarke's hydrometer.

ia Geo. 3. c. 50, for encouraging the manufacture of leather, continued for 5 years. 26 Geo. 3. c. 89, to extend to other tools and utensils, 25 Geo. 3. C. 7, continued to the end of the next session. So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31, as directs that all spirits shall be deemed of the strength denoted by clarke's hydrometer, continued to the end of the next session.

CAP. XIX.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

Act 3 Geo. 1. recited. Deeds and wills of Papists, C made since Sept. 39, 1717, to be good in law, if enrolled before Sept. 1, 1790. This act not to extend to deeds, C the validity whereof has been brought in question before Jan. i, 1790. Purchases made not to be avoided, on account of the title deeds not having been enrolled, C This act not to make good any grant of the right of presentation to any benefice, C in trust for any Papist.

CAP. XX.

An act for rebuilding the parish church and tower of Saint Thomas, within the city of Bristol.

That the parish church of St. Thomas, in Bristol, is in a ruinous condition, and diverse lands, C vested in feoffees for the maintenance of the said church, and the market to be held every Thursday, in St. Thomas' Street, for yarn, wool, cattle, and other things, with stallage, tolls, and other profits vested in feoffees, for relieving the poor in certain almshouses founded in the said parish, in maintenance of a conduit or aqueduct with water, C according to letters patent tested at Gorhambury, ir Dec. 13 q^eliz. whereby (he granted the said market, and the tolls thereof, to the corporation of Bristol, to the intent that the inhabitants of St. Thomas Street might maintain the same, and also the almshouse and conduit according to the said letters patent; that there is now in the bank 1, 500b capital, percent, annuities, in the names of the trustees, arising from the said parish estates and profits of the market, with iol. and 301. given by Eliz. Elton and Though. Lewis, for charitable purposes. That the expense of rebuilding the said church and tower is estimated at 5, 000b Commissioners, the mayor of Bristol, the members of parliament, the alderman of St. Thomas' ward, and vicar of the parish, and others, whereof 5 may act Moneys vested in them. Choosing new of Qualification of trustees, to be rated at 20b per ann. Commissioners not to act whilst holding employments or contracts under the act. Meetings. Commissioners to bear their own expenses. Commissioners may appoint a treasurer. Appointment of collectors of rates. Penalty on refuting to serve, 20l. Others to be appointed in case of refusal or death. Persons serving or paying the penalty not compellable to serve again for three years. Collectors to account; and pay the balance quarterly. Rates to be made, 250b per ann.; how to be collected, cone half on landlords, the other on occupiers. Tenant to pay the whole rate, and deduct half out of his relit. Where houses are let to several tenants, one to pay the rate; and deduct the same out of the relit. Not to affect agreements between landlord and tenant. Rates not to be paid in respect of empty houses. Commissioners may inspect duplicates of the land tax rates gratis. Commencement and continuance of rates, from June 24, yearly. Rates in arrear may be raised by succeeding collectors. Losses by insolvency to be made goodbye additional rates. Rates to be allowed by two justices; how recoverable, by distress and sale, with costs. Where no distress can be found, and rate not paid, offender to be committed, for 2 calendar months. Rates may be recovered in any Other parish, being signed by a justice. Appeal against the rates. For enabling the feoffees of St. Thomas' Parish Lands, and of the market, to

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 21, 22,

raise 4001. Other trustees to sell stock. Commissioners to raise money on the rates. Annuities to be granted according to some general rules or tables. Moneys how to be applied. Trustees to rebuild the church and the tower if necessary. One justice to hear and determine offences against this act. Persons summoned as witnesses not attending liable to a penalty of 301. Form of conviction. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removable by Certiorari. Limitation of actions,

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

30 days notice.

CAP. XXI.

An act for better supplying the city of Norwich, and the parts adjacent, with water.

[Public act.]

Corporation empowered to make proper works for supplying the city, and parts adjacent, with water from the river Wenfon; making satisfaction for damages. If parties disagree, damages to be settled by a jury. verdict of jury, C to be binding. Penalty on interrupting or damaging the works, 101.5 and on annoying the water, within 600 yards above the new mills, penalty of 40s. Inhabitants empowered to set pipes from their houses, to communicate with those belonging to the corporation. Ground, where broke up for laying or repairing pipes, to be made good as soon as may be. Recovery of penalties, by distress and sale, and commitment for .3 months. Appeal, to the general quarter sessions, in months. Limitation of actions to six months. General issue. Treble costs. No lease of the present waterworks to be affected.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the county of Suffolk.

39 Geo. 3. c. 79, for better relief and employment of the poor in the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the county of Suffolk; 4 Geo. 3. c. 58, to amend the same, C House of industry erected at nacton. 4, 3ool. borrowed on the credit of the assessments; yet due to the treasurer 850l Former acts repealed. What persons are to be guardians of the poor, if seized of lands of 30l. per ann. and named in the commission of the peace for the county, residing within 5 miles of either of the said hundreds, and all rectors and vicars in the said hundreds, and occupiers of land rated at 60-i. per ann. to the poor, incorporated by name of guardians, C Women to act by proxy. Corporation not to hold lands, C for more than five years, except for the purposes of the act. House of industry, C vested in the guardians. Meeting of the guardians for appointing directors and acting guardians, at Ipswich. Quarterly meetings of directors and acting guardians. Qualification of dirtctors. Guardians and directors to deliver in their qualifications at their first meeting. Division of the directors and acting guardians into quarterly and other committees. Quarterly or weekly meetings may be altered. Committees may be appointed for every month. Penalty on directors and guardians for non attendance 10s. For appointing officers. Choice of treasurer and clerk. Security tu be taken from the treasurer. Officers to account. Power to purchase a certain quantity of common and private land, not above 50 acres of common, and 100 acres of private land. Purchase money for the common to be divided between the lord or lady of the manor and the commoners. If no agreement for the common, the value toi be ascertained by a jury. Upon payment of purchase money lands to be vested in the corporation. Corporation may exchange lands. Present house may be enlarged, and other buildings erected. Land, C to be free from parochial rates, and subject to no higher public taxes than were charged at the time of passing the act. Power to get materials for building, Src. Punishment of persons damaging the buildings, See. as in cases of felony. Materials to be ship plied for employing the poor. Children may be placed out for one year, or apprenticed by the directors and aifting guardians. No boy to continue an apprentice after the age of 31, or girl after 18. Not to be assigned

20 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1790.

without consent of directors, C Children already bound to continue the remainder of their apprenticeships. Justices may grant redress to children misused. Poor may be hired out to harvest or other work. Justices to settle differences. Directors, C may contract for the employment of the poor. Application of the produce of the labour of the poor. Rewards to be given to the industrious poor. Poor persons may be dismissed to their parents or friends. Poor persons capable of maintaining themselves to be discharged. Illegitimate children not to gain a settlement by being born in the house, nor by being apprentices to the governor. For employing poor persons willing to work. Idle and disorderly persons may be prosecuted and punished. Directors and acting guardians may apprehend idle persons. Former bylaws to continue in force, and new ones may be made. Estates given for the poor may be let. Application of legacies, C given for the poor. Assessments to be made and allowed by two justices, or at the quarter sessions, for defraying the expenses of the poor for the current quarter, and the interest of money borrowed, or to be borrowed. Amount of the assessments limited; not more than double former assessments, and not to be reduced till two third parts of the whole sum borrowed be paid. Parish officers not restrained from making rates for other purposes. Rates to be a security for the money borrowed. Directors im powered to borrow money. Rates may be assigned over and mortgaged. Securities may be transferred. Application of the money to be raised, to pay costs and expenses; and then the 85ol. due to the treasurer, and after for repairing, C the house of industry, and purchasing lands, employing the poor, and paying inter'eft of money borrowed. Directing the money borrowed on securities shall be discharged; 7 directors to determine. Churchwardens and overseers, and other parish officers, to assist the directors, C in the execution of this act. Directors and acting guardians may grant certificates with the persons removed. Penalty on overseers, Sec. suffering persons to reside without certificates, or not informing directors of single women suspected to be with child, 40 s. Bonds of indemnity against bastards to be delivered to the directors and acting guardians, and in future made to them. Justice may direct relief to be given to paupers. A governor, matron, surgeon, clergyman, and schoolmaster, to be appointed; and also special constables within said hundreds. pu nishment of governor and other officers for misbehaviour, to be discharged from office, and forfeit iol. and pay treble the value of the goods, See. misapplied, and for nonpayment may be committed to the house of correction, not less than calendar month, nor more than 13. Punishment of the poor misbehaving, or guilty of vice or immorality, by abatement of diet, distinction of dress, and solitary confinement, or being set in the flocks, by order of the governor, or by guardians at weekly meetings. Punishment for disposing of their apparel. For ift offence, to be committed to the house of correction 31 days; ad offence, to be dealt with as if convicted of petit larceny. Punishment of persons receiving stolen goods and clothes, to forfeit not more than iol. nor less than 30s.; a moiety to the informer. And on conveying spirituous liquors into the house, subject to z4 Geo. 3. c. 40, for conveying spirituous liquors to gaols. Justices may proceed on the complaint of directors and acting guardians. Directors and guardians may act as justices. Accounts to be settled and allowed. Directing what shall constitute a meeting of directors and acting guardians; 9directors and acting guardians (whereof 6 to be directors). Chairman to have the calling vote. Penalty for neglect of holding quarterly meetings, 5l. each, to be levied by distress and sale, by order of quarter sessions. General meetings of the guardians may be held for appointing new directors and acting guardians. Application of penalties given by any acts of parliament for the benefit of the poor. Penalties and forfeitures, how to be recovered and applied; by distress and sale, or commitment for 2 months, or till paid with expenses. Appeal allowed. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Commencement of the act, and declaring it to be public.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 23. tx

CAP. XXIII.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties, granted by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of his present majesty's reign, on horses Jet to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as Should be willing to contrail for the same.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable a7geo.3. c. 26, the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasur}: for the recited, time being, to let to farm the duties, granted by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of his present majesty's reign, on horses lit to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as Should be willing to contrail for the same; the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them for the time being, were empowered, either by themselves, or by his Majesty's commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, thereunto duly authorised, to let to farm the several therein recited rates and duties, to such persons as Should be willing to farm the same, for any term not exceeding three years, at a relit not less than the gross amount which the same Should appear to have produced within the year ending on the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, under certain rules, directions, regulations, and re jlriftions, expressed in the said act: and whereas the said of for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, being duly authorised by the lords of of his majesty' s treasury for that purpose, did, pursuant thereto, let to farm, separately in disirifts, the respective rates and duties arising within each difirift, for the respective terms of three years, in the manner directed by the said act, which terms will expire on or before the first day February one thousand seven hundred and ninety one: and whereas it appears to be expedient that the provisions and powers of the said act Should he continued for a limited time; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most ex V cellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may From Aug. X be lawful, from and after the first day of August one thousand 1790, the seven hundred and ninety, to and for the lord high treasurer, or tr^atury may the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them [^vdutks1 for the time being, and they are hereby empowered, from time to grantedbythe time, as it shall and may be necessary, either by themselves, or by recited act, his majesty's of for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, thereunto authorised for that purpose, under the hand and seal of the lord high treasurer, or under the hands and seals of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them for the time being, to let to farm, separately in districts, the said rates and duties arising within each

22

but not for a longer time than till Feb. i, 1794.

Powers of recited act, not hereby altered, to continue in force.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 24, 25. [1790.

district, to such person or persons as shall be willing to farm the same, so as the said rates and duties respectively shall, from time to time, be put up at a relit not less than the gross amount which the same produced within the year ending on the first day of au gufl one thousand seven hundred and eighty feuen, under and subject to the several rules, regulations, and restrictions, prescribed in the said act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such contrast or agreement, for letting to farm the rates and duties aforesaid, shall be made to continue for a longer time than until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety four.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, and forfeitures, and all other directions, matters, and things prescribed or appointed by the said recited act, not altered by or repugnant to this act, shall be in full force and effect, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same, and every of them, had severally been re enacted in this act.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

His Majesty by sign manual may authorise the treasury to direct loans to be received, and exchequer bills to be made out for i, oooo, ooool. agreeable to the rules of the malt ad. Clauses of the malt act to extend to this act, except those charging the loans on the malt tax, and limiting the rate of interest. Loans, Sec. to be charged upon the first supplies of next session, or the next consolidated fund. Moneys issued out of the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England may advance money upon the credit of this act.

CAP. XXV.

An act for paving and otherwise improving the town of Honiton in the county of Devon.

Commissioners. Qualification of of, lands 30l. per ann, or heir to 60i, per ann. or to have a personal estate of 800l. Oath. Commissioners to pay to treasurer five guineas each before acting. Meetings of the of Commissioners to defray their own expenses. Five of to be a quorum. Notices of meetings, C shall be given. Annual meeting for settling accounts. A chairman to be appointed, who shall have the calling vote. All proceedings of of to be at meetings, C Appointment of new of Commissioners to _ appoint officers. Officers to account. Penalty on refusal, imprisonment. Such parts of the Axminster and Honiton roads as leads from one hundred yards east of the entrance into Shipley Lane, and along Axminster road to the workhouse through Warwick Lane, and along Ncav Street to the market cross in the High Street to the brow of Bramble Hill, and to Star Cross Lane, and also from the head of Shipley Lane down to the east end of the town, and from potter's Kiln turnpike gates to the market cross in High Street, and also from the corner in Warwick Lane in New Street to Brook Hill Bridge, and from thence to Honiton church, and from the market cross in High Street along Northcote Lane to Cowley Barn, and also from the east end of the High Street along Clapper Lane, and also from the said High Street along dowell's Lane, so far as the present buildings extend, put under the management of the of; and the trusteesdischarged from the management thereof. Power to take down the market cross, C and purchase the lhambles, and several dwelling hous's and other buildings jin the middle of High Street, and lay the feites thereof into the streets. Rights of the lord of the manor, and to the markets and fairs; saved, Per

179°0 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 2

Tonnes interested in lands, Scc. empowered to sell. On payment of purchase money, premises to be conveyed. Purchase money belonging to coi*pora tiens, See. to be laid out in purchase of other estates. Commissioners to pave, cleanse, and light*the streets, See. Pavement not to be altered without consent of the of Commissioners to provide lamps. See.

Trustees to contract with persons for paving and lighting. Contracts tct be binding. The streets to be watched. Penalty on persons damaging or obstructing the works, 20s. for every offence. Rate to be laid upon the inhabitants, not to exceed 6d. in the pound per ann. Recovery of rates.

Commissioners may erect turnpikes, and take tolls Coaches, See. with 6 horses, is. — 3or4horses, 8d. — 2 horses, 6d. — 1 horse, 3d. — wagons, See. with 6 horses, is. 6d. — 4 or 5 horses, is. — 2 or 3 horses, 6d. — 1 horse, 3d.

- every horse, See. not drawing id. — neat cattle per score, iod. — calves or hogs, 5d. — sheep or lambs, 2d. 2q. Nothing in the act to empower the trustees of the Lime road to erect a turnpike between Straightway Head and Fair Mile Inn. Tolls payable but once a day. Exemption from tolls: horses or other cattle, or wagons or carts (except stage wagons or carts, See. carrying for hire) passing on Saturday, or any fair day, at Honiton, or pack horses or carriages employed in carrying corn, grain, meal, flour, beans, peas or butcher's meat, or coals, wood, furze or other fuel, to, from or through Honiton, going and returning the same day, or carriages employed in carrying stones, gravel, or other materials, to turnpike roads, or of dung, mould, soil or compost, or lime for manuring land, or conveying hay, straw or corn in straw, or ploughs or other implements of husbandry; of for horse or other beast going to or returning from water or pasture, or for any carriage or horse carrying persons to church or place of worship, on Sundays, or attending funerals at Honiton, or clergymen viflting the sick, or doing parochial duty, or any carriages. See. conveying vagrants sent by legal passes, or belonging to officers or soldiers on their march, or on duty, or horses, See. conveying their arms or baggage, or those sick, wounded or disabled, or carrying mails of letters under the postmaster.

Tolls may be lessened. Penalty on persons evading the tolls, to forfeit 40s. for every offence. Power to let the tolls. Power to borrow money.

Application of the money, to executing the act and defraying expenses.

Materials, See. vested in the of Commissioners to have the direction of the town lakes. Annoyances to be removed. Tenants paying any expenses of removing obstructions, may deduct the same out of their relit. Penalty on causing obstructions or nuisances in the streets, for every offence 10s. No new building to be covered with thatch. Penalties for leaving carriages, timber, C in the streets, for every offence 10s.

Obstructions occasioned by building or repairing any houses removed oil 10 days notice, not subject to the penalty; but if not so removed on notice, penalty 5s. per day. Actions to be brought in the name of the clerk.

Proceedings to be entered. Recovery of penalties, proved before a justice of peace, by distress and sale of goods, or imprisonment three months.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Appeal against rates to quarter sessions. Limitation of actions to 31 days notice, and not after 3 months.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to exempt goods and chattels imported from the settlement of Y ucatan in South America, and sold by auction in Great Britain, from the duty imposed on fuel? sales; and for allowing a drawback of the duties on goods exported to Yucatan.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the

reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for repealing 27 Geo. 3. the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties C3> recited, in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king,

24 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 27. [1790.

into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), an excise duty is chargeable for and upon all sales by way of auction in Great Britain, of any goods or chattels, according to the respective rates therein expressed: and whereas it is expedient that same provision Should be ? made in favour of goods and chattels isnported from thefettlement at Yucatan in South America, and sold by auction in Great Britain; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre from July 5, sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That j79°, goods from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred yiu^atan to be an n^nety^ any goods imported into this kingdom by way of free from the merchandise, from the said settlement at Yucatan, shall be free of excise duty on the said duty on the first sale of such goods at au£tion, by or for tkm m^olld account of the original importer to whom the same were con byre cited act, sign and by whom they were entered at the customhouse at C the port of importation, so as such sale be made within twelve

months after such goods shall be imported, and by some person duly licensed to exercise the trade or business of an auctioneer.

II. And whereas drawbacks of the whole or part of duties paid upon certain goods aid commodities, are allowed to the exporter on the due exportation thereof into the British colonies in America: and whereas it is expedient that the like drawbacks Should be allowed on the exportation of such goods and commodities to the said settlement at Y ucatan; and exporters be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth of goods today of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, there shall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters of any goods or commodities which shall be exported to the said settlement of Yucatan, the like drawback of the duties of customs and excise as is now allowed on the exportation of such goods or commodities to the British colonies or plantations in America, on condition that the same shall be exported in such and the like manner, and under such and the like rules, regulations, provisions, reflections, penalties, and forfeitures, as such goods or commodities are now subject and liable to, upon the exportation thereof, for a drawback to the British colonies or plantations in America: provided also, that the like bond shall be given for the due exportation thereof, with further condition that the exporter thereof shall produce a certificate under the hands and seals of two British merchants, within the space of twelve calendar months from the exportation thereof, that the same have been duly landed there.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for encouraging new settlers in his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement fmdd be given to persons that are disposed to come and settle in certain of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America and the West Indies; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

that settlement, to be allowed the same drawbacks as on goods exported to America, C

25

From Aug. r, 1790, subjects of the united states of America, settling in the Bahama islands, See. may import negroes, See. duty free, to the value herein specified. Sec.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 28.

ral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, if any person or persons, being a subject or subjects of the territories or countries belonging to the united states of America, shall come from thence, together with his or their family or families, to any of the Bahama, or ber?nuda or Somers islands, or to any part of the province of Quebec, or of Nova Scotia, or any of the territories belonging to his Majesty in North America, for the purpose of redding and settling the re, it shall be lawful for any such person or persons, having first obtained a licence for that purpose from the governor, or, in his absence, the lieutenant governor of the said islands, colonies, or provinces respectively, to import into the same, in British snips owned by his majesty's subjects, and navigated according to law, any negroes household furniture, utensils of husbandry, or clothing, free of duty: provided always, That such household furniture, utensils of husbandry, and clothing, shall not in the whole exceed the value of fifty pounds for every white person that shall belong to such family; and the value of forty findings for every negro brought by such white person; and if any dispute shall ari(t as to the value of such household furniture, utensils of husbandry, or clothing, the same shall be heard and determined by the arbitration of three British merchants at the port where the same shall be imported, one of such British merchants to be appointed by the governor, or in his absence the lieutenant governor of such island or province, one by the collector of the customs at such port, and one by the person so coming with his family.

II. And be it further enacted, That all sales or bargains for the sale of any negro, household furniture, utensils of husbandry, or clothing, so imported, which shall be made within twelve calendar months after the importation of the same, (except in cases of the bankruptcy or death of the owner thereof), shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

[All white persons coming so to reside, to take the oath of allegiance, if upwards of 14 years old.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every white person so coming to reside, if above the age of fourteen years, shall, and he is hereby required, immediately after his arrival, to take and subscribe the oath of allegiance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, before the governor, lieutenant governor, or chief magistrate of the place where such person shall arrive, and at the same time swear that it is his intention to reside and settle in such island or province; for which oaths such governor, lieutenant governor, or chief magistrate, shall receive the same see, and no more, as is payable by law on administering the oath of allegiance in cases where the same is now by law required.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for permitting the importation of Cashew gum from his Ala jessy's West-india islands, upon payment of the like duty as is paid upon the importation of gum Arabic, or gum Senega.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it will be highly useful to several sorts of manu fastures, that Castlew gum Should be imported upon no higher

duty

Sales of negroes, C so imported, within 12 months, to be void.

26

From July $9 1790, Cafhcw gum of the West India islands maybe imported on payment of the same duties as gum Arabic.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1790.

duty than gum ntzdoxc and gum Senega is now allowed to be imported', be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, Cashew gum the growth or production of any of his majesty's West-india islands, (Tn which the Bahama and Bermuda or Somers islands are included), shall and may be imported into any port of Great Britain, in British ships, owned by his majesty's subjects, and navigated according to law, on payment of the same duty, and no other, as is now paid upon the importation of gum Arabic, or gum Senega, into any port of Great Britain; and such duty shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied, in the same manner as the said duty upon gum Arabic, or gum Senega, is raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for amending an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingson, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of" New Providenceone of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions; and for regulating the duties on the iinportation of goods and commodities the growth and production of the countries bordering on the province Quebec.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing the impor c 27, recited, tation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of King ft on. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions, it is enacted, That certain articles therein mentioned, being the growth or production of any of the colonies or plantations in America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or fate, and all coin and builion, diamonds, or precious jlones, may be imported from any of the said colonies or plantations into the several ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the if and Grenada, the port Roseau in the if and Dominica, and the port of Nassau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama isands, in any foreign foopschooner, or other vefel whatever, not having more than one deck, and not exceeding the burden of seventy tonnes, and being owned and navigated by the subjects of any foreign European sovereign orfate: and whereas it will tend to increase the commerce carried on to and

Preamble, 27 Geo. 3

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 29. 27

from the before mentioned ports if the foreign sloops, schooners, and vessels trading thereto be not limited to any description of tonnage; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the (loops, schooners, and vessels, Sloops, See. owned and navigated by the subjects of any foreign European importing and sovereign or ft ate, importing and exporting the articles enumerated in the before mentioned act, to and from the before mentioned meratedin the ports, in the island of Jamaica, the island of Grenada, the island of recited act, Dominica, and the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama may be of any islands, under the regulations therein prescribed, may consist of ^en^ave*but and measure any number of tonnes, provided that every such vessel northeast deck, have not more than one deck; anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it is expedient that goods or commodities the growth or production of any of the countries border'ing on the province of Quebec, and brought into the said province in conformity to the laws of that province, Should be permitted to be imported into this kingdom, in the same manner and on the sane terms and conditions as such goods and commodities are now imported from the said province tf/'quebec: be it further enacted, That, from and after the first: day of July From July 1, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all goods and commodities79°' goods whatsoever, being the growth or production of any of the coun^ countries bordering on the province of Quebec and brought by land or tries border inland navigation into the said province, conformably to the re ing on que gulations established by law in the said province for bringing in bee, imported the same by land or inland navigation, from any of the countries bordering thereon, shall and may be imported into any part of imported into Great Britain from the said province of Quebec, and the same re Great Britain spectively shall be admitted to entry and be charged with duty, or from thence, exempted from duty, in like manner as such goods and commodities respectively would be charged with, or exempted from duty, if the same were of the growth or production of the said province of Sfuebec, and were imported directly from thence into Great Britain; provided it shall appear, by certificate under the hands and seals of the collector and comptroller of the customs, and the naval officer there, that the same respectively were brought into the province of ^hjebec, conformably to the regulations established by law in the said province, by land or by inland navigation, from the countries bordering thereon, and specifying from what places the same were respectively brought into the said province; and that the like rules, regulations, restrictions, and conditions, are observed and performed on their being imported into Great Britain, as are required for the like goods and commodities respectively imported into Great Britain from the said province of Shiebec, and under and subject to the like conditions, penalties, and forfeitures and to the like modes for recovery and application thereof.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 30. [1790.

CAP. XXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

790, 9371. 10s. to be raised by a lottery. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times specified, viz. 2l. by June 18, 1790; — 2l. by July 30; — 2l. by Sept. 10; — 3l. by Oct. 22; — 2l. by Dec. 10, following, and the remaining 3l. by Jan. 14, 1791; and the contributors for each 15]. 16s. 4d. zq. advanced, to have upon each fortunate ticket the lot fallen to him; and those that pay contributions before the time limited to be allowed discount at 3 percent, per ann. And if the whole 790, 9371. 10s. be paid, to have tickets at the rate of 15l. 16s. 4d. zq. each. Cashier to give security, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, 000b the amount of the prices, to be paid out of any supplies granted this session, Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets, — 3 prizes of 20, 000b — 2 of io, oopl.

- 3 of 5, 000b — 5 of 2, ooool. — 15 of 1, cool. — 30 of 500b — 100 of 100l.

- 150 of 50l. — 5)oooo of 25b — 9, 025 of*20b — 4l. per ticket allowed to the owner of every one of the first 10, 000 tickets drawn a blank. i, ooooh to the first'drawn ticket; 1,000b to the last drawn. Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), See. Public, notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 9, 1791. Method to be observed in drawing, Sec. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, See. capital felony and death. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50b reward. Proviso, no attainder for such offences to make corruption of blood, loss of dower, or disherison of heirs. Managers to be sworn. The oath.

I A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the thirtieth year of his majesty's reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 15b 16s. 4d. 2q. paid. After June 18, 1790, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the residue of such sums, after deducting the value of the tickets 10 delivered. Contributors, not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, See. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, Scc. as they shall think fit. The 500, 6001. for the payment of

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 31.

the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any dedudion, on June a, 1791, C Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, See. and signed, Sec. of of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, See. on penalty of aol. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on penalty of 50l. Form of shares of tickets.

LOTTERY for one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Ticket, No.

(or ass the Share may be)

The bearer of this share will be entitled to one part of such beneficial chance as shall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in pursuance of an act pahed in the thirtieth year of his present majesty's reign.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Persons counterfeiting shares: &: guilty of felony, and suffer as such.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to alter so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second intituled An act for the better preventing frauds and abuses in gold and silver wares; and also so tnuch of another ast, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported, and also certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of silver wares.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second intituled An act for the better preventing frauds and abuses in gold 12 Geo. 2. and silver wares, it was amongst other things enacted, that from and caster the twenty-eighth day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, no goldfmithy Jilversmith, or other person whatsoever make ing or selling, trading or dealing in, gold or silver wares, Should felly exchange, or expose to sale, within that part of Great Britain called England, any gold or silver vessel plate, or manufacture of gold or silver whatsoever, made after the said twenty-eighth day tf/'may one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, or export the same out of this kingdom, until such time as such vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold (being of thefandard of twenty-two carrasts of fine gold per pound troy) and such veffefi plate, or manufacture of silver (being of the jland ard of eleven ounces tzvo penny weights of fine fiver per pound troy)

Should be marked as followed; (that is to Jay) With the mark of the worker or maker thereof which Should be thef rfl letters of his christian and surname, and with these marks of the company of goldsmiths in London; videlicet, the leopard's Head, the Lion Passant, and a difiinsl variable mark or letter, to denote the year in which such plate Should be made or with the mark of the worker or maker, and with the

3°

24 Geo. 3. c. 53.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. r.

[1790.

marks appointed to be used by the assayers at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne; or plate (being of the standard of eleven ounces ten penny iveights, of fine silver per pound weight troy) with the ?nark of the worker or maker thereof which Should be the first letters of his christian ayidfurname aforesaid, and with these marks of the said company \ videlicet, the lion's Head Erased, the figure of a woman commonly called Britannia, and the said mark or letter to denote the year as aforesaid, or with the mark of the worker or maker, and the marks of one of the said cities or towns, upon pain that every such goldsmith, silverfinith, and other person, for every such offence, Should forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as therein after is mentioned, and for default of payment Should be committed, by the court in which judgement Should be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, or liberty where convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of six months, or until payment be made of the said forfeiture', and in the said act is contained a proviso and declaration, whereby it is provided and declared, that nothing in that aci contained Should extend to oblige any of the following wares of gold or silver to be Jtamped or marked, by the said respective companies of gold fniths, or any of them, (that is to say) Rings, collets for rings or other jewels, chains, necklace beads, lockets, hollow or raised buttons, Jleeve buttons, thimbles, corralfockets and bells, ferrils, pipe lighters, cranes for bottles, very small book clafpt, any flock or garter clasps jointed, very small nutmeg graters, rims offluff boxes whereof tops or bottoms are made of Jhell orstone, Jliding pencils, toothpick cases, tweezer cases, pencil cases, needle cases, any philligree work, any sorts of tippings or fivages on stone or ivory cases, any mounts, screws, or Jloppers to stone or glass bottles or phials, any small or slight orna?nents put to amber or other eggs or urns, any wrought seals, or seals with cornelian or other stones set therein, or any gold or silver vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold or silver, so richly engraved, carved, or chased, Gr set with jewels or other stones, as not to admit of an assay to be taken of, or a ?nark to be Jluck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing, or defacing the same, or such other things as by reason of the smallness or thimiefs thereof', are not capable of receiving the marks in the said act before mentioned, or any of them, and not weighing ten penny weights of gold or silver each: aid whereas, by a certain other act of parliament, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported; and also certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain it was (amongst other things) enacted, That every working goldsmith and silversmith, or other manufacturer of gold or silver whatsoever, who Should at any time or times after the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any gold or silver vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold or silver whatsoever, required to be touched, assayed, and marked by the company of goldsmiths in London, or the company of goldsmiths in Edinburgh, or by the Birmingham or Sheffield companies, or by the wardens and assayer or assayers at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, and Newcastle upon

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 31.

Tyne, Should from time to tine send with every parcel of such gold or silver to the assay office of the said respective companies, cities, and places, a note or memorandum, fairly written, containing the day of the month and year, the christian and surname of the worker or maker, and place of his or her abode, and also all the species in such parcel of plate, and the number of each species, with the total weight of such parcel, and also the sum of money payable for the duty upon the total weight of such pareel, and also Should, from time to time, send, deliver, and pay with every such pareel, to the officer belonging to such respective assay office who Should receive such parcel of gold or silver fa sent to be touched, affiayed, and marked, the duty by that act directed to be paid upon every such parcel of gold or silver so required to be touched, affiayed, and marked; and by the said last mentioned act it was further enacted, That the wardens, or their deputy, assay maser, weigher, or other person appointed by the said respective companies or assay officers, Should mark with the following new mark, (that is to say) With the mark of the king's Head, over and befdes the several other marks dir eft ed by law, all and every such pieces or parcels of gold or silver plate so sent to be touched, marked, and affiayed; and by the said laf 'mentioned act it is further enacted, That from and after the said sirs day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, no goldsmith, flverfinith, or other person whatsoever, making or selling, trading or dealing in gold or silver wares, Should sell, exchange, or expose to sale in Great Britain, any gold or silver vessel, plate or manufacture of gold or silver whatsoever, made after the said sirs day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or export the same out of the kingdom of Great Britain, until such time as such vessel, plate, or manufacture of gold (being of the standard directed by law) and such vessel, plate, or manufacture of fiher (being likewise of the standard directed by law) Should be marked with the new mark therein before directed, (that is to say) The king's Head, over and befdes alt other mai'ks then already directed by lavy to be marked or impressied thereon, upon pain that every such goldsmith, silversmith, or other person so offending, Should for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as in the said act after is directed; and for default of not paying down the penalty, upon conviction, Should be committed by the court, in which judgement Should be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place where convicted, there to remain and to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of one year, nor less than six months, or until payment be made of the said forfeiture, and also upon pain that such gold and silver vessel, plate, and manufacture of gold and silver, which Should be sold, exchanged, or exposed to sale, without having the mark thereon, as by the said lafi mentioned act is directed, Should be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the King's majesty, his heirs and successiors-, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who Should sue for the same \ and in the said last mentioned act is contained a proviso and declaration, whereby it is provided and declared, that nothing in that laf mentioned act contained Should extend to compel any of the wares of gold or silver to be famped or marked with theflamp or ?nark directed by the said laf mentioned act, which are particularly excepted in the said act made in

Doubts upon the construction of the recited provisoes.

The recited Provisoes to cease as to silver wares,

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 31. [1790.

the said twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for the better preventing frauds and abuses in gold and silver wares: and whereas doubts have arisen as to the true confiruftion and meaning of the said proviso and declaration contained in the aforesaid act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, and also as to what silver wares are intended., by the said la ft mentioned act, and by the aforesaid act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to be excepted from being stamped or marked with the stamps or marks directed by the said acts, or either of them; and diverse silversmiths and other persons, making, selling, tracting, or dealing in silver wares, have inadvertently, and without meaning or intending to offend against the said acts, or either of them, sold, exchanged, and exposed to sale, within that part of Great Britain called England, diverse small vessels, plate, or manufactures of silver, being of the standard directed by law, made after the twenty-eighth day of M ay one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and not stamped or marked with the following marks, mentioned in the aforesaid act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, (that is to say) With the mark of the worker or maker thereof (being the first letters. of his christian and surname), and with these marks of the said company of goldsmiths in London; videlicet, the leopard's Head, the Lion Pastant, and a distinct variable mark or letter to denote the year in which such plate was ?nade, or with the mark of the worker or maker, and with the marks appointed to be used by the assayers at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne; and plate (being of the standard of eleven ounces ten perny weights of fine silver per pound weight troy) and notstamped or marked with the mark of the worker or maker thereof (being the first letters of his christian and surname as aforesaid) and with these marks of the said company; videlicet, the lion's Head Erased, the figure of a woman cojnmonly called Britannia, and the said mark or letter to denote the year as aforesaid; or with the mark of the worker or maker, and the marks of one of the said cities or towns; and have sold, exchanged, and exposed to sale in Great Britain, diverse other small vessels, plate, or snanufac tures of silver (being of the standard directed by law) made after the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and not stamped or marked with the new mark, (that is to say) The king's Head, mentioned in the aforesaid act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty \ whereby diverse penalties, forfeitures, and punishments, may have been mnocently hicurred by such persons; from which penalties, forfeitures, and punishments it is fit and proper they Should respectively be released and indemnified and it is likewise fit and proper that the said recited provisoes and declarations in the said acts contained, so far as the same concern wares of silver, Should cease and determine, and that the said acts Should be amended in several respects, and other regulations and declarations made as to silver wares: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com f mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited proviso. and declaration in the

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 31. 33

said act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the not obliging the wares of silver therein specifically named or mentioned, and such other wares or things of silver as are therein generally named, mentioned, or referred to in any manner howsoever, to be stamped or marked by the said respective companies of goldsmiths, or any of them; and also the said recited proviso and declaration in the said act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the not compelling any of the wares of silver to be stamped or marked with the (lamp or mark directed by the said last mentioned act, which are particularly excepted in the aforesaid act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, shall, from and after the twenty-eighth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, cease and determine; anything in the said acts of parliament, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons in all penalties, forfeitures, and punishments incurred by any person damnified or person whomsoever, making, selling, tracting, or dealing in^contrary silver wares, for having, on or before the twenty-eighth day of thereto.

May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, sold, exchanged, or exposed to sale, all or any of the articles or wares following made of silver, being of the standard directed by law, and not weighing ten penny weights of silver each, or weighing ten penny weights of silver or more each, (that is to say) Rings, collets for rings or other jewels, chains, necklace beads, lockets, hollow or raised buttons, (leeve buttons, thimbles, corral sockets and bells, ferrils, pipe lighters, cranes for bottles, book clasps of any size, any flock or garter clasps jointed, nutmeg graters of any size, rims of snuff boxes whereof tops or bottoms are made of (hell or (lone, Hiding pencils, toothpick cases, tweezer cases, pencil cases, needle cases, any phrlligree work, any sorts of tippings or fwages on (lone or ivory cases, any mounts, ferews, or Hoppers to (lone or glass bottles or phials, any ornaments put to amber or other eggs or urns, any wrought (eals, or seals with cornelian or other stones set therein; or any silver vessel, plate, or manu failure of silver, so richly engraved, carved or chased, or set with jewels or other (tones, as not to admit of an assay to be taken of, or a mark to be (luck or (truck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing, or defacing the same, not weighing ten pennyweights of silver each, or weighing ten penny weights of silver or more each, or any other silver vessel, plate, or manufacture of silver whatsoever, being of the standard directed by law, not weighing ten penny weights of silver each, and not being respectively stamped or marked with the (lamps or marks, or any of them, mentioned in or directed by the said recited acts, or either of them, shall be, and the said penalties, forfeitures, and punishments, and every of them, are hereby released and discharged; and all and every person and persons whomsofever, against whom any action of debt, bill, plaint, or infafc&ation, teth been or shall be brought, in any of his majesty's courts of v01. XXXVII EL record

'ecord at IV estminster, for or to recover or lntiict any such penal: ies, forfeitures, or punishments, shall be, and is and are hereby wholly and absolutely indemnified, freed, and discharged therefrom, and from and against all and every such penalties, forfeitures, and punishments; anything in the said acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding \ all and every person and persons, against whom any such action, bill, plaint, or information hath been or shall be brought, may plead the general issue, and upon his, her, or their defence give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-eighth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, nothing in the said acts, or either of them, contained, shall extend to oblige any of the following wares of silver to be stamped or marked by the said respective companies of goldsmiths, or any of them, with the marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforesaid act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with the said new mark of the King's Head, mentioned in the aforesaid act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (that is to say) Chains, necklace beads, lockets, any phil ligree work, shirt buckles or broaches, stamped metals, or spouts to china, stone, or earthenware teapots, or any of them, of any weight whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-eighth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, nothing in the said acts, or either of them, contained, shall extend to oblige any of the following wares of silver to be stamped or marked by the said respective companies of goldsmiths, or any of them, with the marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforesaid act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with the said new mark of the King's Heady mentioned in the aforesaid act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (that is to say) Tippings, fwages, or mounts, or any of them, not weighing ten penny weights of silver each, save and except only necks and collars for castors, cruets, or glasses, appertaining to any sort of stands or frames.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-eighth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety, nothing in the said acts, or either of them, contained, shall extend to oblige any wares of silver whatsoever, not weighing five penny weights of" silver each, to be marked or stamped by the said respective companies of goldsmiths, or any of them, with the marks, or any of them, mentioned in the aforesaid act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, or to be marked with tyre said new mark of the King's Head, mentioned in the aforesaid act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, save and except only the following silver wares, (that is to say) Necks,

collars.

Exemption of certain silver wares from being stamp d.

Further exemption.

Further exemption.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 32. 35

coliars, and tops for castors, cruets, or glasses appertaining to any sort of Hands or frames, buttons to be affixed to or seton any wearing apparel, solid sleeve buttons, and solid studs, not having a bi(tilled edge soldered on, wrought seals, blank seals, bottle tickets, shoe clasps, patch boxes, salt spoons, salt shovels, salt ladles, tea spoons, tea strainers, caddy ladles, buckles (shirt buckles or broaches, before mentioned, excepted), and pieces to garnish cabinets, or knife cases, or tea chests, or bridles, or Hands, or frames.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Public act this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by, all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

3.300.0001. maybe issued out of the consolidated fund; which maybe raised by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on security of this act not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be (truck, CC Orders for repayment to be registered and paid in course.

No see to be taken for registering, CC on penalty of treble value and costs, and also loss of place. Penalty for taking fees, and for undue preference in registering, C liable to action, and to pay value of debt and full costs, and to be forejudged his office; but deputy only liable himself, and clerk of the pells, and tellers of the exchequer liable to the same.

Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the same date brought the same day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the sum hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills, in the manner prescribed by the malt act of the present sessions; the provisions of which ad (except such as charge the bills on the malt duty, and limit the rate of interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest, CC to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this act. 621, 151b is. 3d. 2q. surplus of the consolidated fund, on April 5, 1790, and 34, ooool. of foreign secret service money, to be applied towards the supply. Moneys raised by the malt ad, land tax ad, loans,

3.500.0001. further loans, 2, 000, ooool. lottery, 790, 937b 10s. vote of credit, 1,000, ooool. 621, 151b is. 3d. 2q. surplus of consolidated fund;

34.0001. of foreign secret service money, and 2, 300, 0001. hereby granted

out of consolidated fund, shall be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed. 2, 233, 636l. 17s. nd for naval services. 200, ooool. to pay off navy debts. 1, 575b 4s. 3d. for land service of the ordnance, prior to Dec. 31, 1783. 13, 869b os. 6d. for land service of the ordnance in 1788. 418, 2071. 17s. jd. for land service of ordnance for 1790. 23, 795l. 16s. yd, for sea service of ordnance in 1788.

1, 874, 074b 18s. 5d. iq, for land forces for 1790; viz. 578, 562b 14s. id. for 17, 448 effectice men, officers, CC in Great Britain, See, 317, 5491.

16s. for forces in the plantations, C 8, 245b 10s. id. difference between British and Irish establishments, C 11, 435b 12s. xod. 2q. for regiments

serving in the East Indies. 64, 500b for recruiting land, forces, and contingencies. 10, 808b 7s. id. 3q. for supernumerary officers. 6, 409b 8s.' for general and staff officers in Britain. 63, 276b 5s. 8d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, C 162, 797b is. 4d. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines. 202b is. 8d. to reduced officers, See. of the horse guards. 55, 092b ies, for reduced officers of the British American

36 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33. [1790.

forces, and 4, 9071. 10s. for allowances to them. 3, 39a!. 14s. ad. for the officers late in the service of the States General. 3, 41 il 14s. 4d. for major grofe's corps. 180, 9381. 19s. 6d. for Chelsea hospital. 9, 9911. 9s. 3d. for widows penflons. 36, 093l. 15s. to the landgrave of Hesse, for the year 1790- 356, 4581. 12s. 4d. for extraordinaries of the army in 1789.

3, 500, 0001. to discharge exchequer bills, 29 Geo. 3. 2, 000, 000b to discharge further ditto. 48, 424b 15s. 3d. issued in pursuance of addresses of the house of commons. i, oooo, ooool. for augmentation of the forces. 6, 376). 17s. 6d. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, from Jan. 1, 1790, to same day 1791. 4, 400b for New Brunswick in America, from June 24, 1790, to same day 1791. 1, -840l. for Saint John in America, from Jan. i,

1790, to same day 1791. 2, 100 b for Cape Breton in America, from June 24, 1790, to same day 1791. 1, 182b 10s. for Newfoundland, to defray charge of salaries of governor and civil officers, from April 1, 1790, to same day 1791. 4, 080b for the Bahama Blands, for supporting civd establishment, in addition to the salaries now paid to the public officers out of the duty fund, from Jan. 1, 1790, to same day 1791. 580b to the chief justice of Bermuda or Somers Islands from June 24, 1790, to same day 1791. 600b to the chief justice of Dominica, salary from Jan. 1, 1790, to same day 1791- 4, 558 b 7 s. 8d. for New South Wales, civil

establishment from october 10, 1790, to same day 1791. 13.000b for

forts in Africa. 4, 859b is. 8d, for roads and bridges in the highlands of North Britain. 238, 279b 9s. 2d. 2q. for American sufferers, C due October 10, 1790, on all orders by virtue of aft 28 Geo. 3. c. 44. 6, 888b 7s. 6d. Blued to H. Bradley esq. for convicts at Plymouth. 33, 228b 15s. 6d. Blued to D. Campbell esq for convicts on the Thames. 500b Blued to the secretary of the of under the slave a. 200b issued to

the secretary to the commissioners for inquiring into Losses in East Florida. 1, 900b issued to the secretary of the commissioners for inquiring into Losses of American loyalists. 2, 951b is. xod. expenses of trial of W. Hastings esq. 1, ooool. issued for expenses of inquiring into the emoluments of the officers of the customs i, jab 6s. 3d. q. issued to T. Cotton esq. to pay bills of exchange, by direction of the treasury. 3, 162b 5s. 6d. paid to T. Dundas and J. Pemberton esqrs. of to inquire, in America, into Losses, C 30, 520b 17s. id. for extraordinary expense of the mint in 1788. 51, 638b 6s. 1 id. for provisions, e. sent to settlements in South Wales. 910b for printing reports on the African trade. 35, 785b 15s. 6d. for relief of American sufferers. 49, 556b 17s. 6d. for lands in Georgia ceded to the Americans, interest at percent, from July 5, 1788, to July 5, 1790. 231, 517b 12s. 2d. iq. for deficiency of grants, 1789. Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned, C Rules to be observed in the application of the sum granted for half pay. By 29 Geo. 3. c. 61. a sum not exceeding 172, 787b 5s. 5d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced offfeers for 1789. The overplus of which sum to be disposed of to officers maimed, cor to their widows and children as his Majesty ill all direct.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to amend and continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in british vessels from the coast of Africa.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the twenty-eighth year of 28 Geo. 3.c*54, the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate, recited. for a limited time, the shipping and carrying Haves in british vessels from the coast of Africa, which, by an act made in the laf session of parliament, was amended and further continued until the prf day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety: and whereas it is expedient to continue and amend the said laf mentioned act: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33. 37

poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any From Aug. i, master or other person taking or having the charge or command79* n vef of any british ship or vessel whatever, which shall clear out from fro^great5111 any port of this kingdom, from and after the first day of August Britain, to one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to have on board at any carry Haves one time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport slaves from from Africa in the coast of Africa to any part beyond sea, in any such ship or bersthanhere^ vessel, in any greater number than in the proportion of five such in specifkd. slaves for every three tonnes of the burden of such ship or vessel, so far as the said ship or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tonnes, and moreover of one such Have for every additional tonne of such ship or vessel over and above the said burden of two hundred and one tonnes; or male slaves who shall exceed four feet four inches in height, in any greater number than in the proportion of one such male Have to every one tonne of the burden of such ship or vessel, so far as the said ship or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tonnes, and moreover of three such male slaves, who shall exceed the said height of four feet four inches, for every additional five tons'of such ship or vessel, over and above the said burden of two hundred and one tonnes; and every such Vessels to be ship or vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such tonnage or nae fe^burden as is described and set forth in the respective certificate fortitm their of the registry of each and every such ship or vessel, granted in certificates of pursuance of an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of registry. his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of hipping and navigation; and if any such master, Matters of or other person taking or havi'iig the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall at contrary hereto, such master or other every°fl*ave personas aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds exceeding the of lawful money of Great Britain for each and every such Have, limited num? exceeding in number the proportions herein before. limited; one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall first sue for the same: provided always, That if there shall be in any such ship or vessel any more than two fifth parts of the slaves who shall be children, and who shall not exceed four feet four inches in height, then every five such children (over and above the aforesaid proportion of two fifths) shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said slaves, within the true intent and meaning of this at: provided always, That nothing If more than herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the case of a ship taking on board any number of slaves that shall be children 8 five found shipwrecked, or from on board any other ship or vessel of the Turpius where, by reason of mutiny or insurrection among the slaves, or to be deemed the crew, or by failure of hands, or by any actual distress of the to four vessel the ipafter or commaqder shall be disabled from governing aves C the ship, or continuing the voyage, the proof of which shall lie upon the master or other person having charge of such ship or vessel so taking on board such slaves.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Mailers of

P 3 Qft vessels, before

8 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1-790

they land any on the arrival of any such ship or vessel in any island in the West slaves in the Indies, belonging to or under the dominion of his Majesty, his tjdeclared - ke*rs or successors, from the coast of Africa, carrying or convey on oath before any such slaves as aforesaid, the master or other person hav the officer of ing or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel hall, the customs before any of the said slaves shall be unshipped or landed from theveffel1^ ip or vessel, repair to the nearest customhouse, and there 3 '* declare, on oath, before the collector, or other chief officer of the customs (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) the burden of such ship or vessel, and shall, at the same time, show to such officer the certificate of the registry thereof; and shall also deliver to the said officer, upon oath, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) an exact and true account of the greatest number of such slaves (distinguishing the number of males and females, and specifying the number of such slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid height of four feet four inches), who are or shall have been at any one time in or on board such ship or vessel, before, when, or after such ship or vessel quitted or departed from the coast of Africa for that voyage; and if they and if such master or other person taking or having the charge or

land slaves command of any such ship or vessel shall unship or land, or shall

contrary here caupe to unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit or suffer 5001* to be unshipped or landed, any such slaves, contrary to the true

intent and meaning of this at, such master or other personas aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, for every such offence, and one moiety of the said forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety shall go to the person or persons who shall first sue for the same; and it shall and may be lawful for such collector or other chief officer of the customs, and he is hereby required to search, or to cause search to be made, in every slaves on board Part f such ip or vessel, to see and to take an account of the such vessels, number of such slaves on board such ship or vessel, and to specify See. on penalty in such account the number of males and females, and also the

Officer of the customs to take an account of the

of 50l.

Where there

is no officer of the customs, any civil officer to receive the oath of the master, C

Ko vessel to carry any slaves, unless.

number of slaves not exceeding four feet four inches in height, and without delay to transmit such account, attested under his hand and seal, to the of of his majesty's customs in London, under the penalty of five hundred pounds: provided always, That in case the said collector or other chief officer of the customs shall be absent, or that there shall be no such officer in any such island where the said ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no other officer of the revenue, then any civil officer in the said island shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon application as aforesaid, to administer the said oath to such master or other person taking or having the charge of such vessel, and to receive the said declaration of the burden of such ship as aforesaid, and to perform all the other duties aforesaid, which the said collector or other chief officer of the customs is hereby required to perform.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the master or other person taking or 0 having

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33. g

having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel as afore entered for said, which fhalftbe cleared out from any port in Great Britain, that purpose after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and rhyme qut^and^m ty, to take or have on board such ship or veiled, or convey, carry, iefs the fur bring, or transport any Haves from the coast of Africa to any parts geon give beyond the seas, in any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, unless such bond to keep ship or vessel hall, at the time of her so clearing out, have been ti4°flel°f entered for such purpose at the customhouse of the port from during the whence such ship or vessel cleared out, and unless the surgeon of voyage or belonging to such ship or vessel shall have given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall have left the same in the hands of the collector or comptroller of the customs in the port from whence such ship or vessel shall depart for such voyage to the coast of Africa, in the penal sum of one hundred pounds, with condition that such surgeon shall keep a regular and true journal, containing an account of the gre2teft number of llaves which shall have been, at any time during such voyage, on board such ship or vessel, from the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Africa as aforesaid, until her arrival at the port of her delivery, distinguishing the number of males and females, and of the deaths of any such Haves or crew of the said ship or vessel, and of the cause thereof, during the voyage, from the first departure of the said ship or vessel, to her arrival on the coast of Africa, during her stay on the said coast, and after her departure from thence to the said port of delivery, or during such time as fqch surgeon shall have been on board such ship or vessel; that the said surgeon shall deliver such journal to the which journal collector or other officer as aforesaid, at the first Britisho p°rt is to be^delu where such ship or vessel shall arrive after leaving the coast of of the

Africa, and shall make oath to the truth of such journal, to the customs, at best of his knowledge and belief, before such collector or other the first British officer as aforesaid, who is hereby authorised and required to ad p°rtarrl* minister the said oath; and such collector or other officer as afore 'C said shall deliver to such master or other personas aforesaid, and hve^to the^to such surgeon respectively, copies of the oath of such master or master a copy other personas aforesaid, and also of the said journal, which copies of his oath, shall severally be attested (as true copies) by such collector or and to the fur other officer as aforesaid under his hand and seal; and duplicates if^s^ournal, of the said copies, attested in like manner, shall be transmitted and transmit by the said collector, or other chief officer to the commissioners duplicates to of his majesty's customs in London; and if such inafter, or per the

soil talcing or having the charge or command of any such ship or customs. vessel, shall carry his cargo of Haves to, and land the whole, or any part, in any port or ports not subject to the crown of Great Britain, and shall afterwards arrive at any British island or port, having delivered his whole or any part of his said cargo, such master or other person, and also the surgeon of such ship or vessel, shall make the same declaration, deliver in the same journal to, and take the same oaths before, the collectors, or other chief officers of the customs, or civil officer of the island or port, and receive the same attested certificate, in like manner as if he had

4

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33. [1790.

first arrived at such island or port; and if the said hip or vessel shall not arrive at any British island or port before her return to Great Britain, then the said matter or other person, and surgeon, shall make the said declaration, deliver in the said journal to, and take the said oaths before the collector or other chief officer of the customs of the port where they shall first: land (which the collector or other chief officer is hereby empowered and required to receive and administer), and the said collector or other chief officer hall forthwith transmit the same to the of of his Matter! or majesty's customs in London; and if such matter or surgeon shall surgeons a<fl> a£j contrary hereto, such matter or surgeon hall, for every such hereto to for °ffence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety

feit 100l whereof hall go to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the

other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons Who hall sue for the same.

If penalty on

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That rn^er? he not in case the Gr other person having or taking the charge

Says, Their or command of any such hip or vessel, hall be convicted of any vessels may be one of the said offences before mentioned, and shall not, within seized and the space of fourteen days, pay, or cause to be paid, into the

fhkh hands of the proper officer of the court wherein the offence shall be prosecuted, in order that the same may be applied in manner herein directed, the amount of the penalty on such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for any admiral, or other commander at sea, of any of the ships of war, or other ship having commission from his Majesty, or from his heirs or successors, or for any governor of any island or plantation to his Majesty belonging in America or the West Indies, or for any officer or officers of his majesty's customs, to seize and detain the said ship or vessel wherever found, and to convey the same to the customhouse nearest to the place where he shall be found; and the collector, or other principal officer of the customs at such customhouse, shall, and he is hereby required to cause every such ship of vessel to be sold publicly by auction, and the produce arising by sale thereof to apply towards satisfying the said penalty; and if there shall remain any overplus, to pay the same over to such person or persons as mail prove his, her, or their property therein, or to his, her, or their lawful assigns.

Where ptnal V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ties may be the several penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act shall and

u or may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any court of vice

admiralty in any part of America, or in any island in the West Indies, wherein any such offence shall have been committed, or wherein any such hip or vessel hall have disposed of the whole, or any part of her cargo, or in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh The upper

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and lower ]n every such hip or vessel, the upper as well as the lower cabin, ibacebetween anc space between decks, shall be allotted and properly pre decks, to be pared for the reception of such laves; and that after any such allotted to the ship or vessel shall have taken two third parts of her compliment Saves,

4i

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33.

of fiaves on board, in the proportions herein before limited, no goods, wares, or merchandise shall ever be flowed or put in any such cabin or place, in which any such fiaves shall be.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, If any person from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred take the com and ninety, it shall not be lawful for any person to become who matter, or take or have the command or charge of any such ship not qualified or vetted, at the time he shall clear out from any port of Great as herein di britain, for purchasing and carrying fiaves from the coast of red he and Africa, unless such matter or person taking or having the charge fl^iforfe^ner or command of any such ship or vessel, shall have made oath, 500l.

and delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the port where such ship or vessel shall clear out, a certificate, attested by the respective owner or owners, that he has already served in such capacity during one voyage, or shall have served as chief mate or surgeon during the whole of two voyages, or either as chief or other mate during three voyages, in purchasing and carrying fiaves from the coast of Africa, under pain that such matter or other person taking or having the charge or' command of any such ship or vessel, and also the owner or owners who shall hire or employ such person, shall for every such offence respectively forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven No insurance hundred and ninety, it shall not be lawful for any owner or to be made owners of any such ship or vessel to insure any cargo of fiaves, or except any part thereof, on board the same, against any loss or damage, the perils of save and except the perils of the lea, piracy, insurrection, or cap the lea, C ture by the King's enemies, barratry of the matter and crew, and destruction by fire; and that all and every policy of insurance hereafter made, contrary to this a, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No vessel to be no such ship or vessel shall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall ^a^has^o appear to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at fargeo^who* the port, that there is one surgeon at least engaged to proceed on has patted his board such ship or vessel, and unless such surgeon shall have pro examination, duced and delivered to such collector or other principal officer of the customs, a certificate or warrant of his having patted his examination at surgeons hall, or at some public or county hospital, or at the royal college of physicians or royal college of surgeons in Edinburgh, or shall have served as surgeon or surgeon's mate in his majesty's fleet or armies, of whichcertificate or warrant the said collector or other principal officer shall give to the said surgeon an attested copy, gratis.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If the officer if it shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the collector or a Por* f. other principal officer of the pqrt where such ship or vessel shall be fabsfied^be discharged, that there shall not have died more than in the thattherehave proportion of two fiaves in the hundredj from the time of the arnot died on

rival the voyage

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33. [1790.

rival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Africa to the time of her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the islands of the West Indies, belonging to or under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in such case the collector or other principal officer hall, and he is hereby authorised and required to make out certificates, specifying the number of Haves that appear to the^of^'cfth11 ave een ta^eri on hoard the said ship or vessel, and the number commission 6 have died within the period abovementioned, one of which ers of the certificates shall be delivered to the mailer, and the other to the customs, they surgeon of such hip or vessel, and on production of such certificates? tjje of of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to direct the sum of one hundred pounds to be paid to the master, and the sum of fifty pounds to be paid to the surgeon, of such hip or vessel, out of any money that shall be in the hands of the receiver-general of the customs of England and Scotland respectively j or if it shall be made appear to the collector or other principal officer as aforesaid, that there shall not have died more than in the proportion of three slaves in the hundred, from the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast oi Africa to the time of her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the said West India islands, in such case the collector or principal officer as aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required and authorised to make out like certificates, and to deliver one to the master and the other to the surgeon of such ship or vessel, and the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on production of such certificates, to direct the sum of fifty pounds to be paid to the master, and the sum of twenty-five pounds to be paid to the surgeon of such ship or vessel.

XI. And whereas it is just and warrantable that compensation Should be made to individuals who may have sustained Losses in confer quence of the act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate, for a limited time,the shipping and carrying slaves in british vessels from the coast

Commission of Africa; be it further enacted, That Brook tvation esquire, sa ers to inquire mue[ Beachcroft esquire, and william Roe esquire, shall be, and sustainedln they are hereby appointed of for the purpose of en consequence quiring into any Losses which may have been sustained, in confe of 28 Geo. 3. quence of the aforesaid act, by any merchants or owners of any r 54'^ships or vessels engaged in the African trade, who shall have made

applied prior application to the said of before the first day of september one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; and that all persons, having made such applications, shall, on or before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, lay before the said of full statements of the grounds of their respective claims, specifying the particulars of all the expenses ^mmissioners net proceeds, profits, or Losses, attending the voyage or adven the grounds ture in respect of which such application shall have been made, of their together with all such circumstances as shall appear to the said claims, C of nocessary for their information in order to ascertain

42

more than 2 slaves in the 100, he is to give certificates to the master and surgeon, and

are to order the master looh and the surgeon 50l.

Like certificates to be given where the mortality has not been more than 3 in the 100, which is to entitle the master to 50l. and the surgeon to 251.

to Sept. 1,

1788.

Such persons, by Aug. 1,

1790, to lay before the

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33.

the lodes of the persons so applying; and the said of, or any two of them, shall have power to examine upon oath, touching the matters of the said claims, all persons whom the said of shall think fit; and all persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said of, at such time and place as they hall appoint; and the said of, as soon as they shall have completed the examination of the several claims laid before them, hall determine the amount of the lodes which bona fide have been sustained by any of the said claimants in consequence of the aforesaid at, and which the said claimants hall not have been able to avoid, and shall report, as soon as conveniently may be, to both houses of parliament, what compensation shall appear to the said of to be reasonable to be made to such claimants; and the said of, before they proceed to take any step in pursuance of this at, shall take an oath before the master of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's bench or common pleas, or one of the barons of the exchequer (which they or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer) in the form following; (that is to say),

43

Commissioners to determine the amount of lodes, and report to parliament the Compensation to be made

Commissioners to take the following

I A.B. do fuuear, That, according to the beji of my j>kill and know Oath.

ledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute the several powers and trusts vefied in me by virtue of an al, intituled An acte to amend and continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament, for regulating the shipping and carrying laves in British vessels from the co a ft of Africa.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners for Treasury to executing the office of lord high treasurer, or the lord high trea order a, ooooi. surer for the time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such sums of money, not exceed j^nt ing two thousand pounds, to such person or persons as the said clerks, C of shall, by writing under their hands, desire or diretft, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sum so issued and paid shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this at, and in such manner and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said of, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for, by the person or persons to whom the same shall be ifiiied and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charges to he taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same, or on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said of shall appoint, and which money so issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, imposed by authority of parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of a vacancy or vacancies by death or refxgaation of His Majesty

any to appoint to

vacancies of of during the recess of parliament.

Before any vessel is cleared outwards, the matter, officers, and mariners, to execute articles of agreement in the forms hereunto annexed; and no other form to be used on penalty of 50l.

Muster roll to be regularly kept, Scc.

Penalty for signing false jnufter rolls, See.

No officer, &c.to be turned over or discharged, but under the cir eumstances herein mentioned.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33. [1790.

any one or more of the said of, during the recess of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper to supply such vacancy or vacancies, and that every person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the of appointed by this at.

XIV. And, for the better regulation, encouragement, and prefer nation of the health of the officers and seamen, employed in Ships and vessels trading to the coajl of Africa for saves, and from thence to the West Indies and America; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, before any hip or vessel proceeds to sea, the master, officers, and mariners shall sign and execute articles of agreement, and a muster roll, in the presence of, and witnessed by the clearing officer and one of the tidesmen of the port from whence the hip departs; and a duplicate of the articles of agreement and muster roll, duly signed and executed, hall be delivered to the aforesaid clearing officer, in order to its being lodged with the proper officer in the customhouse, according to the forms hereunto annexed; which agreement shall be conclusive to all parties for the time contracted for; and no other form whatsoever of articles of agreement, or muster roll, hall be used, under the penalty of fifty pounds, one half to be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital, and the other half to the informer, or other person who hall sue for the same, in any of his majesty's courts of record.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a continuation of the muster roll shall be regularly and duly kept during the voyage; also a log book, wherein all penalties, forfeitures, and charges against any officer or seaman shall be regularly entered and signed by the master, chief mate, and surgeon, and delivered in upon oath, together with the muster roll, on the arrival of the hip or vessel at her discharging port in Great Britain, to the collector or other chief officer thereof; and if any master, chief mate, or surgeon, hall be converted of signing falle muster rolls, articles of agreement, or log book, he or they hall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and hall also suffer six months imprisonment.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no officer, mariner, or seaman, hall be turned over or discharged, upon any pretence whatsoever, unless into his majesty's hips of war, or to assist a hip in actual distress, which is to be certified by the principal officers of both hips concerned, and an agreement made in writing with the said officers or men solent, or, upon preferment, or under ill state of health, with the consent of the party, for which a certificate shall be given from the captain of any of his majesty's hips or vessels (if any are present) or, in their absence, two jirfticcs of the peace, or the collector and comptroller of the customs at the place or port where such hip or vesselshall be, or hall first arrive, which certificate shall bp returned with the muster

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33.' 45

ter roll and log book, on the arrival of the ship at her delivering port in Great Britain.

XVII. And be it farther enabled, That no matter, commander, No Hops, cor other person, hall supply the officers or mariners, Teamen, or to be suppfied seafaring men, with more stops, tobacco, spirits, or any other so^h of the article whatsoever, than to the amount of one fourth part of the monthly monthly wages of such officer, mariner. Teaman, or seafaring man. wages.

[Regulations,]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any officer, mariner, or seaman, shall behave in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous ^£^g^dto manner, it shall be lawful for the commander or commanding behaving in a officer to put such officer, mariner, or seaman, into confinement, riotous, fedi for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours, before the same is tious, or mu reported to the captain or commander of any of his majesty's tmous nian ships or vessels (being present, or within a convenient distance) ner

who is hereby authorised to inquire into the cause of such complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found necessary, and to grant such relief and remedy therein as the circumstances of the case may require; and in case none of his majesty's ships are present, the cause of complaint shall be fully examined into by the matter and two officers, in the presence of the ship's company; and if it shall be judged necessary, for the safety of the ship and cargo, to continue the offender or offenders in confinement, such determination shall be drawn up in writing, with the reasons for coming to such resolution stated at large, and signed by the matter and two officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to report, without delay, to the captain or commander of the first ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in default thereof to report the same to the governor or chief officer of any british fort on the coast of Africa, or to the governor of'any of the British West India islands, on their arrival at any port or road therein, that such measures may be taken to bring the offender or offenders to justice as the nature of the case will admit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, shall cause a printed abstract: of this ai, and also a copy of the schedule (A.) and of the mutter roll, respectively annexed to this atto be hung up and affixed to the most public place of such ship or vessel, and shall cause the same to be constantly kept and renewed, so that at all times they may be accessible to the officers and Teamen on board of such ship or vessel, upon pain that every such matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, who shall neglect to affix and renew the same, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any officer, mariner, or seaman, charged with mutiny or sedition, shall be delivered over or taken into custody by the order of the governor or chief officer of any sort on the coast of Africa, or the governor of any of the islands in the British West Indies, a full statement, upon oath (which they are hereby impowered.to administer) shall be

made

Mailer to cause a printed abstract of this at, C to be hung up in the most public place in his vessel, on penalty of aol.

If mutinous officers. See. be taken into custody by order of a governor in Africa, or the West Indies,

46 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33. [1790.

statement, made out and lodged with the said governor, together with the be^odffe^with na^nes f t^le witnesses who are to support the charge alleged the governor, against the prisoner or prisoners, in order to their being sent home C and if the for trial in the high court of admiralty for the offence or offences matter does alleged against him or them; and in case the said master or com thetna^h^ mane^er the said or vessel hall riegleft to appear at the shall incur trial, upon being duly summoned, or publick notice of trial being such penalty given in the London Gazette, he shall not only be nonsuited, but as the court shall incur such further penalty as the court shall adjudge, shall adjudge.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers, C That upon the arrival of every ship or vessel at her discharging to continue in port in Great Britain, the officers and seamen therein shall be vesse/is clear continued in full pay and provisions until the ship is cleared in ed inwards, wards, or their accounts settled and paid; and that all wages due to run men shall be forfeited and paid, one half to the use of Greenwich Hospital, and the other half to the merchants hospital Wages of run of the port to which such ship belongs; and all other forfeitures men to go to shall be applied as is specified in the articles of agreement; any hospital^&c custom law, or tisage, to the contrary notwithstanding

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Where of Thdt any offence committed in breach or violation of this act, fences may be may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer, in any county in nattiestuect* England wherein any such offence shall have been committed, or, for. in case such offence shall have been committed on the feasor in

parts beyond the seas, then in such county within which the ship on board which such'offence shall have been committed shall

Limitation of actions.

Persons taking false oaths, to incur the pains of perjury, See.

Continuance of this act

have cleared out, or in the county of Middlesex; and any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this act, may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in any court of record in Great Britain, and in every such action or suit the party against whom judgement shall be given (whether plaintiff or defendant) shall pay double costs of suit; and every such action shall and may be brought at any time within three years after the offence committed, and not afterwards, and every such aftioi} shall be carried on without wilful delay.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, taking any oath by this act authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if any person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any person to take any oath, by this act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such person shall commit wilful perjury, every such person shall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflicted upon persons committing \yilful and corrupt perjury, or subornation of perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force till the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and no longer, except for the purpose of trying or suing any person in consequence of any offence or offences committed III breach or violation of this act, or hearing and determining upon fuph causes and claims as shall have been made Qt come before the of appointed by this act, for compensation

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33.

pensation for losses fuftaiped under the regulations of and within the time limited by tljis at, or any other act or acts herein before mentioned.

SCHEDULE (A, )

ARTICLES of agreement between the matter, officers, mariners, seamen, and seafaring men of the ship bound

from the port of upon an intended voyage to the coast of Africa, for from thence to the West Indies, or America, and afterwards to in Great Britain, or to

her delivering port in Europe.

FIRST, The matter does hereby covenant, agree, and engage with the said officers, seamen, seafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the rate of the wages per month, sterling value, as against each person's name is expressed in the mutter roll.

Secondly, The said matter does further agree and engage with the said officers, mariners, seamen, seafaring men, landfmen, and boys, that they shall be daily and regularly supplied with good and wholesome victuals, and a portion of wine or spirits, as hereafter specified; the said provisions to be issued and dressed in the usual manner in which it is done on board his majesty's ships of war, and served out to the ship's company in the manner following; viz. To each man on

Sunday, One pound and an half of beef, containing sixteen ounces to the pound, and a pint of flour.

Monday, One pound of pork, containing sixteen ounces to the pound, and half a pint of peas.

Tuesday - pint of oatmeal, and two ounces of butter, and four ounces of cheese; or, One pound of flock fi£h, with one eighth of a pint of oil, and a quarter of a pint of vinegar, in lieu of butter and cheese.

Wednesday, The same as Monday.

Thursday, The same as Sunday.

Friday, The same as Tuesday.

Saturday, The same as Monday.

Each person, besides, to have iix pounds of bread per week; and a quarter of a pint of spirits, or half a pint of wine, together with of water, per day, during the voyage.

In lieu of peas and oatmeal may be served rice, Indian corn, yams, or calavances.

In case of being put to Short allowance, the matter, officers, and seamen are to be at the same allowance of provisions or water, and to be allowed Short allowance money, at the rate of three penct per day if at two thirds allowance, and fourpence halfpenny per day, per man, if at half allowance, and to be paid their Short allowance money ten days before the vessel sails from the West Indies or America r -

And

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33. [1790.

And it is hereby further covenacted and agreed by and between the said parties That the master of the said ship, at his or the owners proper cost and charge, will hire and employ the natives in their craft, to wood and water the said ship, during her contu nuance on the coast of Africa if such natives can be procured, under the direction of a patroon belonging to the said ship. 1

And it is further agreed on the part of the said master, That whenever the officers and seamen are employed trading in craft up the rivers, that the said master will, on the part of the owners, furnish the parties so employed with a sufficient quantity of painted canvas, or tarpawling, for an awning, and provisions for the time, in the proportion, per diem, as is set forth in the foregoing article, with proper utensils and fire to dress the same, and upon failure thereof, for every such neglect he shall forfeit double the value of provisions.

The said master does further agree and engage, That there shall be a space reserved for half the ship's company to shelter themselves, while the slaves are on board; if a frigate built ship, it shall be under the half deck; or in the steerage, or under a Handing awning of wpod, well caulked, in any other ship or vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said master. That he will not, upon any pretence whatsoever, turn over or discharge any of the officers or ship's company belonging to the said ship, unless on promotion, or to assist a ship actually in distress, and not then, unless properly certified as before expressed in this a: and the said master does hereby further agree to advance one month's pay to the officers and mip's company before the said ship departs from Great Britain, at the time of settling the river or harbour pay; and that the monthly wages shall commence from that period: and it is further agreed by the said master, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, one month's pay after the landing of the slaves in the West Indies or America, ten days before the sailing of the said ship in homeward bound passage: and also the said master engages to make the general signal for sailing twenty-four hours before the departure of the said ship; videlicet, by loosing the fore top sail and firing a gun.

And we the officers, mariners, seamen, seafaring men iandf men, and boys, in confederation of the monthly or other wages, foregoing stipulations, and engagements, do severally promise and agree, and bind ourselves by these presents to behave with due subordination and respect, and to obey the lawful commands of our commander or superior officers on board the said ship, or boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful seamen and mariners, and at all places where the said ship shall touch at, or put into, or anchor, during the said voyage, to do our utmost endeavours for the preservation of the said ship and cargo; and not to neglect or refuse doing our duty, by night or by day; nor go out of the said ship on board any other vessel, or be on shore, under any pretence whatsoever, without leave first obtained of our commander or c9mmanding officer on board: and further. That we will on no account whatsoever, leave or desert the said

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33.

Chip without the master's consent (unless to serve on board any of his majesty's hips) till the abovesaid voyage be ended and the said hip discharged, under the forfeiture of our wages: and we do further agree, That, when absent upon leave, we will immediately repair on board, when required so to do by our commander or any of our superior officers, on failure thereof to forfeit for such disobedience seven days pay, to be charged against our wages, for every such offence: and we do further agree and acknowledge That forty-eight hours absence without leave, hall be deemed a total desertion from the said hip, and our wages forfeited as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient cause' can be assigned for such absence.

And it is further agreed by us, the said officers and mariners belonging to the said Ship, That we will not demand our wages, or any part thereof, except the value of a fourth part of our wages to be supplied in stops or other necessaries, and one month's pay, with our, short allowance money then due, in the West Indies or America, until the arrival of the said hip at her delivering port, except we hold be impressed, or enter on board any of his majesty's hips, or be discharged by mutual consent, agreeable to the foregoing certificate, as specified in this at.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said officers, mariners, seamen, seafaring men, landftnen, and boys, That whatever stores, furniture, or apparel each or any of us receive into our charge belonging to the said hip, hall be accounted for; and in case anything Should be lost or damaged by our negligence or carelessness, it shall be made good to the masters or owners out of the wages of such officers or seamen by whose negligence it has happened

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (B.)

MUSTER ROLL.

Officers and men's Names. Quality. Where Born. CD to < Years at Sea. Time of Entry, and Place where. Time when, and Place where discharged, died, run, or drowned. Cause of Discharge, or drowned. Number of Months and Days on Board. Wages per Month. Advance Money. Hospital Duty. Amount of Slops supplied. Amount of Dead men's Clothes. Amount of Short Allowance Money. Total Amount of Wages due when discharged, CC Amount of Run men's Pay.

sd £ £ s. £. s. d. £ d. £. s. d. £ £ d.

Nov. 5, Died Jan. 5, M. D.

1785. 1786. Fever. % — 600 '600 0 200 0 0 14 16 9- 0 0 6 14 0 0 0OOO

John Jones. M after. 30 15 Bristol. Cape Coast.

50 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 33. [1790.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii IIIa C 34*

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

THESE, are to certify, That the number of slaves that appear to have been taken on board the ship or vessel called laden with slaves from the coast of Africa [specifying what part of the coafi Jhe purchase either slaves at] of the tonnage or burden of [according to the tonnage or burden of the said ship or vessel, as described and set forth in the certificate of the regiflry of the said ship or vessel, granted in pursuance of an acte made and passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for the further increase and encouragemeni of shipping and navigation] were whereof

(being male slaves) did not exceed respectively four feet four inches in height; and that the number that have died, from the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Africa, to the time of her arrival in this her port of discharge, amounts to slaves, and not more.

Customhouse,

dated the of

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for giving relief to such persons as have suffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy dissentions in America, in cojisequence of their loyalty to his Majesty'snd attachment to the British government; for making compensation to persons who furnished provisions, or other necessary articles, to the army or navy in America during the wai\ or whose property was used, seizeef or defrayed for the carrying on the public service there; and afo for making compensation to such persons as have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cejfwn of the province of East Florida to the king of Spain.

Most gracious Sovereign

WHEREAS inquiries have been made, under the authority of Fream federal acts of parliament made and passed in the twenty third twenty-fifth) twenty sixth, twenty seventh, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth years of your Majesty's reign, into ihe toss of all such persons as have suffered in their t'igbts and properties, during ihe late unhappy dissentions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to your Majesty, and attachment to the British government \ and into ihe claims of persons ivbo furnished provisions or other necessary articles to the army or navy in America during ihe late war, or whose property was used., seized, or defrayed., for the carrying on ihe public service there; and 'afo under the authority of an act, made in ihe twenty sixth year of your Majesty's reign, into ihe Losses of all such persons as have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of the province Florida to the king of Spain: and whereas it is conffient with your Majesty's munificence, and the honour and char after of the British nation, that liberal relief should be given in conf deration of the Losses

E 2 cf

Commissioners for inquiring into the Losses of American lufferers, to transmit to the treasury, by July 5, 1790, books made up in the manner herein directed, of Losses so sustained.

of for inquiring into Losses of persons by the cession of East Florida to Spain, to transmit to the treasury, by July 5, 1790, books made up in the manner herein directed of Losses lb sustained.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 34. [1790.

of all such persons as have suffered in their rights and properties as aforesaid: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the of appointed by the said abls to inquire into the losses and services of such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and posessions, during the late unhappy diifentions in America, and into the claims and Losses aforesaid, shall, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, make up and transmit to the of of his majesty's treasury, now or for the time being, a book or books ligned by themselves, or any two or more of them, containing the names and additions of all the several persons who have already produced satisfactory evidence of their Losses, with the amount of the Losses sustained by each person re speblively, as the same have been or shall be ascertained and settled by the said of respetffiively; abating therefrom, in the case of all persons corning within any of the daffies respectively described, in the statement of the claims examined by the said of, under the titles of loyalists who have rendered services to Great Britain; loyalists who bore arms in the service of Great Britain; loyalists zealous and uniform; loyalists who took oaths to the American fates, but afterwards joined the British; loyalists who bore arms for the American fates, but afterwards joined the British; and loyalifs sustaining Losses under the prohibitory alten pounds per centum of such part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand pounds, where the amount of such Losses shall not be above thirty-five thousand pounds; and also abating therefrom, in the case of the claimants under the will ok John earl ok Granville, forty pounds per centum ok such part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand pounds; and in the case of the right honourable Robert lord fair fax, twenty pounds per centum of such part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand pounds; and likewise abating therefrom such sums as the said persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, have already received, or shall, before the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, receive, towards making good the Losses sustained by them; and the said of appointed to inquire into the Losses of all such persons who have suffered in their properties by the cession of Eaf Florida to the king of Spain shall, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, make up and transmit to the of of his majesty's treasury, now or for the time being a book or books ligned by them, containing the names and additions of all the several persons who have already produced satisfactory evidence of their Losses, with the amount of the loffe9 sustained by each person respectively, as the same have been or shall be afeer tained and settled by the said of respectively, abating therefrom such sums as the said persons, who have suffered in their properties by the cession of Eaf Florida to the king of Spain

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 34* 53

have already received towards making good the Losses sustained by them; and the said of of his majesty's treasury, Treasury to

now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, are direct the ex

hereby authorised and empowered to issue their warrant to the che5uf r J r y. F, r. n yr - n, r, make forth

auditor or the receipt or his Majesty's exxhequer, to make forth orders for the

standing orders (for which no tallies shall be made or ffruck), in.sums set the names of the several persons inserted in such book or books, against the for such sum and sums, not being fractional parts of fifty pounds, f^rgfr^e and also distindf orders for all and every sum to which any per spectively. son shall be entitled by virtue of this less than such sum of fifty pounds, as shall respectively be set against their names, as a compensation for their several Losses; and where the compensation allowed to any of the said sufferers shall be a greater sum than fifty pounds, and the fractional part of fifty pounds, in every such case one order shall be made out for such fractional part of fifty pounds, and one or more order or orders for the remaining sum, to complete the whole of the compensation to which each respective person shall or may be entitled unto by virtue of this act; all which Paid orders shall be'signed by three or more of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, and shall be irrevocable; which several and respective orders shall Orders to carry an interest after the rate of three pounds and ten shillings per centum per annum, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven jujy^1788. hundred and eighty eight, all which orders shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid, without any deduction' whatsoever, out of any money that shall be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the aids or supplies which shall be granted by parliament, in or for the service of the years one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand^hundred and ninety three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the several persons so to be entitled to such orders, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns; and the principal Principal and sums contained in such orders shall be paid off, with the grow interest to be ing interest which shall be due thereupon, by half yearly instalments of six pounds and five shillings per centum, on the fifth day of Aprils and the tenth day of October in each year, till the whole sums for which they are made out, together with the interest thereupon, are redeemed and paid off, or money reserved in the exchequer for that purpose; the first half yearly instalment, to the first to be gether with the interest on the said orders, to be computed from April 5, 1791. the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight as aforesaid, to be due and payable on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and the interest payable in respect of such orders shall cease and be abated in such proportion as the principal sum shall be paid off and discharged; and the commissioners of his majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered

paid off by half yearly instalments;

54

Orders to be assignable.

Treasury to direct payment on Odh 10, 1790, of all orders under 50'b

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 34. [1790.

to ihue their warrant to the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer to pay, out of any money remaining the re of the said aids or supplies, remaining for the service of the year in which such interest and instalment shall become due, the respective sum and sums to which the proprietors of each and every such order for fifty pounds, and the equi multiples of fifty pounds, made out by virtue of this act, shall be intituled, by instalments of six pounds and five billings per centum, together with the half years interest due upon such Him as shall be remaining unpaid and undischarged on each half yearly day of payment, when such proportional sum shall be so directed to be paid off.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Handing orders which shall be made out at the exchequer in pursuance and under the authority of this act, hall be affgnable on the back of such orders, on thfi alignment being attested by two or more credible witnesses, which assignment shall entitle the assignee, his executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit attending such order or orders, and to the interest which shall become due and payable in respect of the same.

III. And be it enacted, That the of of the treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby authorised, im powered, and required, out of any of the aids or supplies that shall be granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to direct the payment at the receipt of the exchequer of the principal sums contained in all and every the several and respective orders made forth for any sum or sums of money less than fifty pounds, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, together with the interest thereon, computed from the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, to the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Commission

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That io\h° Iht'^ n orc*cr tq Prevent such orders from being fraudulently obtained ers certificates ^roni the auditor of the exchequer, or his officers, by any other of the sums to person or persons than those who shall be duly entitled to the same, which they the said respective of appointed for ascertaining the arc intituled, to l0figs af0re mentioned, shall make forth and deliver to each and tdd to the " every person named in the said books, or to his or her lawful at t re a fury, C torney, to be transmitted by them to the of of his majesty's treasury, a certificate containing the name and addition of such claimant, and the sum to which he or fire shall be entitled; which certificate shall be carried to the proper officer in the office of the said auditor of the exchequer, who, upon receipt thereof, shall deliver the order made out for the benefit of such person, and shall take a receipt cn the back of such certificate as a discharge for the said order.

Orders to be V And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the ox numik red ders directed to be made out for the purposes in this act men ballyf1^1" tioned, shall be numbered in an arithmetical order, beginning*yith number one, and so proceeding: in an arithmetical progression

55

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 34.

fion ascending, wherein the common excess or difference shall 'always be one, and shall be registered accordingly.

VI. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clauses of

all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities - in an act made exceptlis

and passed in this session of parliament, intituled An act for con such as charge tinuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, vium, the loans, C cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, (except such clauses as charge the loans or exchequer bills authorised to be made by the said act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and except the directions for making forth tallies for loans made out), shall be applied and extended to the orders which shall be made out in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said clauses were repeated and re -- enacted in the body of this present act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said orders made forth by virtue of Treasury may this act shall be filled up by writing or indorsements thereon, or or"

by any accident be defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the madeoumn of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or lieu of such as the high treasurer for the time being, and he and they are hereby may be de'and empowered by his or their direction, from time to faced, C time, to cause new orders to be made forth at the receipt of the exchequer, in lieu of such orders which shall be so filled up or defaced, which orders so filled up or defaced shall be cancelled at the

receipt of the exchequer, and kept there on a file or files for that purpose, and such orders so to be made forth in lieu thereof shall, in all respects, be subject to the same rules, methods, 'and continuance, and have and be entitled to the same and like benefits and advantages, and bear the same numbers, dates, and principal sums, as was or were born by such order or orders so cancelled.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of any of the aids or supplies to be grant Treasury may ed to his Majesty for the service of the years one thousand seven reward per hundred and ninety, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one,

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand seven tien of this hundred and ninety three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety aft. four, one thousand seven hundred and ninety five,one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or out of such moneys as shall or may remain in the exchequer of the consolidated fund, it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, to reward such person or persons that shall or may be in any ways employed in the execution of this act for their labour, pains, and service therein reflectively, and to Satisfy and discharge such incidental' charges and expenses as shall necessarily attend the execution of the same, in such manner as the said commissioners of the treasury, or any

5 6

If supplies be not granted for payment of orders, they shall be paid out of the con lb lid ated fund.

Money issued from eonfoli dated fund, to be replaced out of the first supplies.

Persons forging orders, Sic. to fuller death.

[Preamble.]

20 Geo. 3,

£ 7>

and

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 35. [1790.

three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall from time to time think fit and reasonable in that behalf.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case sufficient aids or supplies shall not be granted before the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, or before the fifth day of April in each subsequent year, before the whole of the said orders, herein directed to be made forth, are satisfied and paid off with interest for the same, then such sum as Should or ought to be satisfied and paid pursuant to this act, in part of the principal sum of such orders, together with the interest that shall then have become due, shall be charged upon such moneys as, at any time after the said fifth day of April in each year, shall be or remain in the exchequer of the consolidated fund, (except such moneys of the said consolidated fund as are appropriated to any nfe or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such moneys of the said consolidated fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly ffated and ascertained, for and towards paying off such instalment or instal meats, and the interest due and payable on the several orders, acr. cording to the directions of this act \ any act or acts of parliament, or any clause or clauses in any act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever moneys shall be so issued out of the said consolidated fund shall, from time to time, be replaced by apd out of the firfc supplies to be then after granted in parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit. any order, which shall have been made forth by virtue of this act, before the same shall have been paid off and cancelled, or any order to be renewed or made forth in pursuance of this actor any endorsement or writing thereupon or therein, or tender in payment any such forged or counterfeit order, with intent to defraud his majesty, his heirs and successors, or the person or persons to be appointed to pay off the same, or to pay any interest thereupon, or any of them, then every such person or persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, touching the election for knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to remove certain difficulties relative to voters at county elections, whereby it is, among other things, enabled, That, from and after the frjl day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, no person jka.ll

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 35. 57

vote for electing of any knight or knights of the Shire to serve in parliament, within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, in respect of any messuages, lands, or tenements, which have not, for six calendar months next before such election, been charged or assessed towards same aid granted, or to be granted to his Majesty, his heirs or fucc effers, by a land tax, (in case any such aid be then granted and ajfejfable), in the name of the persons or personss who shall claim to vote at such election for or in respehi of any such messuages, lands, or tenements, or in the name of his or their tenant or tenants actually occupying the same as tenant or tenants of the owner or landlord thereof: and whereas the form of assessment prescribed by the said act, and thereunto annexed, denotes that the names, both of the proprietor and of the occupier, ought to be specified; and doubts have cirisen, whether, if such form be not firidily pursued, the suffrage of the persons claiming to vote be aclmijfible: and whereas an act was passed in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An al 22(^0.3.0.31, for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the election ofrec^e<*' members to serve in parliament for the borough of Cricklade in the county of Wilts, whereby it is enacted, That such freeholders only shall be entitled to vote in the election of members to serve in parliament for the said borough of Cricklade, as shall be duly qualified to vote at elections for knights of the Shire for the county of Wilts, according to the laws in force for regulating county elections at the time. of passing the same act: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That nothing in the Nothing in said acts contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to pre recited acts vent any person from voting at any election of a knight or^pre^n^ knights of a Shire to serve in parliament within that part of Great voting Britain called England, or the principality of Wales, or at any for knights' election of a burgess or burgesses to serve in parliament for the of the fibre, borough of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, for or in respect of r fr j?^r' any messuages, lands, or tenements, which have been charged or Cricklade for assessed, for six calendar months next before such election, to lands, See. wards some aid granted or to be granted to his Majesty, his heirs which have or successors, by a land tax, in the name of the person claiming been afleiled^ to vote, or for or in respect of any messuages, lands, or tenements, to\he?imrl^to which the person so claiming to vote shall have become en tax, in the titled by descent, marriage, marriage settlement, devise, promotion name of such to any benefice in a church, or promotion to any office, within person, &, twelve calendar months next before such election, and which messuages, lands, or tenements, shall have been within two years next before such election charged or afiefled to the land tax, in the name of the person or persons by or through whom such person so claiming to vote shall derive his side to such mefliiag.es, lands, or tenements, or of some predecessor of such person so claiming to vote, although the name of the tenant or tenants actually occupying such messuages, lands, or tenements, shall not be inserted in such assessment, according to the form of assessment to the said first recited act annexed.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 36. [1790.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said acts contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any person from voting at any such election of a knight or knights of any Shire, or of a burgess or burgeltes for the said borough of Cricklade, for or in respect of any me ffu ages, lands, or tenements, which have been charged or aneiled, for six calendar months next before such election, towards some aid granted, or to be granted to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by a land tax, in the name of a tenant or tenants actually occupying the same at the time of such assessment being made, although the name of the person so claiming to vote, or the person or persons by or through whom such person so claiming to vote derives his title, or of the predecessor of the person so claiming to vote, shall not be inserted in the assessment, according to the form of the assessment to the said first recited act annexed.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to alter, explain, and amend an act ? made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act' for limiting the number of persons to be carried on the outside of stage coaches, or other carriages, and for regulating the conduct of the drivers and guards thereof

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the twenty-eighth year of

28 Geo. 3. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for limfting

C 57, recited, the number of persons to be carried on the outside of stage coaches, or other carriages: and whereas the regidations and penalties thereby established and inflicted have proved infufpeient to answer the good purposes thereby intended: and whereas it is expedient that certain regulations Should be established with respect to the conduct of the drivers ofjl age coaches, and other such carriage and of the persons going therewith as guards: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Fromfeot.29, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and afi* 1790, ir more ter the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred ber ottribus anc ninety^driver of any coach, chaise, or other carriage herein men f the like sort, drawn by three or more horses, and going or tioiied are travelling for hire, shall permit or suffer more than one person on carried on the the coach box besides himself, and four persons on the roof; and fta^e coach^'L1C^ coac^? chaise, or other carriage, shall be drawn by less the driver to than three horses, more than one person on the coach box, and pay 5s. for three persons on the roof, (except the driver of such coach, chaise, each person or other carriage, drawn by less than three horses, which shall not fimited num S or trave a greater distance than twenty-five miles from the ber, to the post office in the city of London, and who shall not carry more collector of than one person on the coach box, and four persons on the roof, the tolls, see. at one and the same time], to go or be conveyed by any such coach, chaise, or carriage respectively, every such driver shall pay to the collector of the tolls, at every turnpike gate through which

5*

nor to prevent any person from voting at any such election, for lands, See. so aftdted in the name of the tenant actually occupying the lame.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. g6. 59

such carriage shall pass, the sum of five billings for each and every person above the number so as above limited and allowed to be conveyed, which every such collector is hereby authorised to ask, demand, and receive; and if any such passenger or passengers, beyond the number so limited as aforesaid, shall be set down, or taken up, whereby the said payment of the said sum of five shillings may be evacted, then and in every such case the driver of such carriage so offending, and being convicted of such offence, either by his own confession, the view of a justice, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace acting in and for the county, riding, city, town, division, or place, where such offence shall be committed,

(which oath every such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), shall, for every such offence, be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, of the county, riding, city, town, division, or place, where such offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than fourteen days, at the discretion of the justice or justices by or before whom such offender shall be convicted.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said sum of five soil Penalty to be lings for each and every passenger beyond the number allowed to be conveyed as aforesaid, shall be collected, levied, and recovered in like manner as the turnpike tolls at the gate where such payment by this adfc directed to be made, are by the act for repairing such road authorised to be collected, levied, and recovered

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty

ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, there shall be painted on the outside of each of the doors of every such stagecoach or other carriage (the coaches carrying the mail, painted on under the direction of the post masters general, excepted) in the outside of large and legible characters, the christian and surname of the pro each door of prietor, or of one of the proprietors, of such coach or other carriage, t

and in the case of there being more than one proprietor of such maq coaches coach or other carriage, and any one of them foall reftde within the cities of London or Westminster, or the limits of the bills of mortality, then and in such case the name of such last mentioned proprietor shall be the name to be put upon such carriage, as above directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the coachman, or per Penalty on son having the care of any stagecoach, or other such carriage, coaenmen foall permit or suffer any other person to drive the same, without oth^persons the consent of the passengers within such coach, or other carriage, to drive, Scc. or foall quit the box without reasonable occasion, or for a longer

space of time than such occasion may require, or foall, by furiously driving, or by any negligence or misconduct, overturn the carriage, or in any manner endanger the persons or property of the passengers, or the property of the owners or proprietors of such carriage, every such coachman so offending foall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor kfs than forty foillings,

1'V

recovered in like manner as the tolls.

From Sept, 1790. the name of the proprietor to

00.

If the guard tyre oft his arms, except lor defence, to forfeit 20$.

Penalties i tinkled by recited act on peace officers neglecting to execute warrants to extend to this act.

Penalties to be recovered as under the recited act, nr.d the forms of the sche duks thereof to be used in the execution of this act.

[Publick act.]

[Preamble.]

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1790.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person going or travelling as a guard to any stagecoach, or other such carriage, shall fire off the arms he is entrusted with, either while the coach or carriage is going on the road, or going through or Handing in any town, other wise than for the defence of such coach or other carriage, every such person hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty billings

- And be it further enacted, That the penalties by the said recited act inflicted on peace officers refusing or neglecting to execute warrants granted by justices of the peace, pursuant to the directions of the said act, hall extend to, and be inflicted on, all peace officers who shall refuse or neglect to execute any warrants to be granted in pursuance of this act; and that the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this actshall and may be levied, recovered, and applied in such and the same manner, as by the said recited act is directed respecting the recovery of the penalties and forfeitures thereby infsided, and that the forms of proceedings relative to the several matters contained in this act, hall be the same as those contained in the schedule to the said recited act, and shall be used on all occasions, with such additions or variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular circumstances of the case; and that no objection shall be allowed to be made, or advantage taken, on account of want of form only in any such proceedings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act be deemed a public act; and half be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other performs whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to continue two als, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, "for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low zuines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there tfed in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the exportation of british made spirits from England to Scotland, and froin Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, " to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home coyfumption; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain impofis and duties'upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies and for amending

the said al, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign.

WHEREAS the law herein after mentioned has, by experience, been found ujefut and beneficial, and is near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 37.

enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several duties of excise by an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several dutie' of customs and excise and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, imposed for or in respect of fermented wort or wash brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England., for extracting spirits for home consumption from any malt, corn, grain or tilts, or any mixture with the same; and for or in respect of cyder or perry, or other wash or liquor brewed or made as aforesaid, from any sort or kind of British materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and for or in respect of fermented wort or wash brewed or made as aforesaid from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and for or in respect of wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused wines, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, except melasses and sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and which were, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending and continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of british made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, u to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; 'and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imp oils and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the ifejl Indies f and to revive and continue the said last mentioned act, continued from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until and upon thelifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and the said duties shall severally and respectively be paid and payable by the / u several

6l

Duties imposed by a 7 Geo. 3. c. 13, on wall mads in England for extracting spirits for home consumption;

which, by 29 Geo. 3. c. 45, were continued to July 5, 1790.* further continued to July 5, 1791,

2 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1790.

several and respective makers and distillers of such wort, wash cyder, perry, or other liquor respectively, at such times, and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties by the said act imposed and hereby continued were severally and respectively payable bylaw, under or by virtue of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in s6geo.3x.73. tituled, An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for hone consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for dfcontinuing, for a limited time, certain impojls and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies; or any other adb or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of an act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his said a8 Geo. 3x.46 Majesty, intituled An act for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of b>nt\{h made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption; for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies.

II. And whereas by the said act, made in the twenty-ninth year of Part of clause his present Majestfs reign, it was enacted, That for the making, a ^and of unto e re(^ibers and compounders of spirits, a fair allowance as Geo. 3x.45, fr increass by water, sugar, syrup, or fruit, which was northeast recited. cellary to render their spirits fit for consumption, there Should be allowed permits for the sending out any number of galions, not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and forty-two gallons of British brandy, rectified British spirits, or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of raw British spirits which they respectively Should have received from any distiller or distillers of British spirits (not being a redfifier or redlifiers) of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or which they Should respectively have made at the strength last aforesaid; and that within thirty days next after the commencement of the said acts, and afterwards once in every three months at the least, the officers of excise Should take an account of the stock of British brandy, redbified British spirits, raw British compounds, and other British spirits, of all and every reclifier and redlifiers, and compounder and compounders of spirits (whether a maker or makers of spirits or not); and if, on taking any such account, the stock so taken, added to the quantity of spirits for which permits Should have been granted to such rediifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, ftnee the time of taking the last.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 37.

preceding account of such stock, Should be found to exceed the quantity.of spirits found by the officer or officers of excise in such stock, at the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock by the officer or officers of excise, added to the quantity since received by permit from any distiller or distillers of British spirits (not being a'redfifier or redfifiers of Brilifo spirits) at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or made by such redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders, at the strength last aforesaid, with the allowance of forty-two gallons on every one hundred gallons so made or received, calling or computing such stock at the strength of one in four and seven fifteenths under hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirits equal to the quantity of spirits so found in excess, Should be forfeited, and Should and might be fieized by any officer or officers of excise, from and out of such stock, and the person or persons in whose stock such quantity of spirits so found in excess Should be aif covered or sound, Should forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and that no redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders of spirits, Should sell or send out any British brandy, British redfified spirits, British compounds, or other British spirits, of any greater or higher strength than that of one in six under hydrometer proof; and if any such redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders, Should sell or send out any British brandy, British redfified spirits, British compounds, or other British spirits, of any greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in six under hydrometer proof, all such British brandy, British redfified spirits, British compounds, or other British spirits, Should be forfeited, and Should and might be fieized by any officer or officers of excise, together with the casks and vessels containing the same reo

# o

spectively; and that if, on taking any such account of the stock of any such redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders, it Should appear that such redfifier or redfifiers, or compounder or compounders, had not actually made use of the whole of the said allowance, so by the said act granted, so much thereof as should appear not to have been made use of, deducting therefrom so much as would be sufficient to reduce the stock then found on hand to the strength of one in four and seven sixteenths under hydrometer proof, Should be cut off from his, her, or their credit: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited clauses; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited clausesshall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and for the making unto the redfifiers and compounders of spirits a fair allowance for that increase by water, sugar, syrup, or fruit, which is necessary to render their spirits fit for consumption, there shall be allowed permits for the sending out any number of galions, not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and fifty gallons of British brandy, redfified Britif) spirits or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of raw British spirits which they respectively shall have received from any distiller or distillers of British spirits, (not being a redfifier or redfifiers) of the strength of one to ten

over

*3

recited clauses repealed.

Permits to be allowed redti fiers at the rate of 150 gallons for every 100 gallons of raw britioi spirits.

Officers to take an account of the flock of rectifiers within 30 (lays after the commencement of the act, and afterwards once in three months; and if after the first account any excess above the allowance herein specified be found, it may be seized, C

If on taking the first account, any excess be found above the allowances herein specified, it may be seized, canno

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1790.

over hydrometer proof, or which they shall reflectively have made at the strength last aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, 'within thirty days next after the commencement of this act, and afterwards once in every three months at the least, the officers of excise shall take an account of the stock of British brandy, 'rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, compounds and other British spirits, of all and every rectifier and reftifiers, and compounder and compounders of spirits (whether a maker or makers of spirits or not); and if on taking any such account, subsequent to the first account taken under or by virtue of this act, the stock so taken, added to the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such rectifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders, since the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found by the officer or officers of excise in such stock at the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock by the officer or officers of excise, added to the quantity since received by permit from any distiller or distillers of British spirits (not being a rectifier or reftifiers of britijjo spirits) at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or made by such rectifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders, at the strength last aforesaid, with the allowance of fifty gallons on every one hundred gallons so made or received, casting or computing such stock at the strength of one in three and three fourths under hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirits equal to the quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise from and out of such stock; and the person or persons in whose stock such quantity of spirits, so found in excess, shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or officers of excise, on taking the first account, under or by virtue of this act, of the stock of British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, compounds, or other british spirits, of any rectifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders of spirits (whether a maker or makers of spirits or not), shall find that the stock so taken, added to the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such rectifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders, since the time of taking the last account of the stock of British brandy, rectified british spirits, raw British spirits, compounds, or other British spirits, of such rectifier or reftifiers, or compounder or compounders, under or by virtue of the said act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found by the officer or officers of excise in such stock, at the time of taking such last preceding account of such stock, added to the quantity since received by permit from any distiller or distillers of British spirits (not being a rectifier 0$ British spirits) at the strength of one to ten.over hydrometer proof

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 37. 65

or made by such redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, at the strength last aforesaid, with the allowance of forty-two gallons on every one hundred gallons so made or received by permits since the time of taking such last account the limitation whereof hall have expired on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and with the allowance of fifty gallons on every one hundred gallons so made or received after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred, and ninety, and prior to the time of taking such first account, carting or computing such former stock at the strength of one in four and seven sixteenths under hydrometer proof and then reducing the same to the strength of one in three and three fourths under hydrometer proof, and casting and computing such latter stock at the strength of one in three and three fourths under hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirits equal to the quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise from and out of such stock; and the person or persons in whose stock such quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any part of if on taking any such account of the stock of any such redtifier or ^h^allowances rectifiers or compounder or compounders, it hall appear that not to^fve such redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, has been used, it or have not actually made use of the whole of the said allowance shall be taken foby this act granted, so much thereof as shall not appear to have ffom^the rec been made use of, deducting therefrom so much as will be suffi er s cie cient to reduce the stock then found on hand to the strength of

one in three and three fourths under hydrometer proof, shall be cut off from his, her, or their credit; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If rectifiers no redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders of fpi^1pirits of rits, shall sell or send out any British brandy, British rectified fpi ft^th^han rits, Britifa compounds, or other British spirits, of any greater or 1 in 5 under higher degree of strength than that of one in five under hydrome hydrometer ter proof; and if any such redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder profi

or compounders, hall sell or send out any British brandy, British e elze*rectified spirits, British compounds, or other British) spirits, of any greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in five under hydrometer proof, all such British brandy, British rectified spirits,

British compounds, or other british spirits, together with the casks or vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and any such redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, who shall sell or send out any such British brandy, British rectified spirits,

British compounds, or other British spirits, of any greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in five under hydrometer proof, shall also forfeit and lose treble the value of such British brandy, British rectified spirits, British compounds, or other British spirits, which shall be sold or sent out of a greater or higher

4

66 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 37; [1790.

degree of strength than that of one in five under hydrometer proof, or the sum of fifty pounds in the whole, at the election of his majesty's attorney general, or the person or persons who hall sue for the same, the single value of such British brandy, British rectified spirits, British compounds, or other British spirits respectively, to be deemed and taken to be according to, and at the rate and rates, price and prices, at which the best British brandy, British rectified spirits, British compounds, or other British spirits, do or shall bear or sell for in London at the time when such penalty shall be incurred.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. How penalties That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, hall for^a^vhow ^uec^or' recoverec^5 levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, to be divided. or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, 'or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his ma jessy's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, hall be to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same, ai Geo.

VIII. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty first year of the

c. 55, clause3o, reign of his present Majesty, entitled., An act for repealing the du recited, ties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready payment of the allowances to be made to brewers out of the additional duties imposed on malt; and for rectifying a mistake in an act, made in this present session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of candles from the additional duty of five pounds per centum upon the duties of excise, imposed by the said act, it is provided and enacted, That any increase, discovered by any officer or officers of excise in the fock or flocks of any dealer in or seller ^/'british spirituous liquors, over and above the quantity which the officer found in such dealers or sellers custody at the time of the last preceding survey upon such dealer or seller shall not be forfeited if the owner thereof shall make it appear that such increase was made by mixing water with and amongst June of his said fock of jbritish made spirituous liquors, in the presence of the officer of excise of the division or place where such increase shall be found; anything in the said act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said act as is hereinbefore recited be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited act as provides and enacts, That any increase, difeevered by any officer or officers of excise in the flock or flocks of any dealer in or seller of British spirituous liquors, over and above the quantity which the officer found in such dealer's or feller's custody at the time of the last preceding survey upon such dealer or seller, hall not be forfeited, if the owner thereof hall make

tygo.) Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. 67

make it appear that such increase was made by mixing water with and amongst some of his said flock of british made spirituous liquors in the presence of the officer of excise of the division or place where such increase shall be found, shall be, and the same and repealed, is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 29 Geo. 3. so much of the said at, made in the twenty-ninth year of the c*45> clausey9 reign of his present Majesty, as enacts. That the said at made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, ex

such parts thereof as are repugnant to the said made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty and also so much thereof as enacts, That the said act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his said Majesty, except such parts thereof as are expressly repealed by the said af made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall, from and immediately after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, be revived, and continued until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall, from a id immediately after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, continue in full force and effect until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for repealing the duties upon licences for retailing wine and sweets, and upon licences for retailing distilled spirituous liquors 7 and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an aff, made in the ninth year of the reign of

her late majesty Queen Anne, for charging certain new du9 Annas, C 33* ties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it was enabled, "That there Should be, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, rased., levied, collected, and paid unto and for the use of her Majesty, her heirs and fucc jjors, for every piece of vellwn or parchment, or feet or piece of paper, on which Should, at any time or times within or during the term therein in that behalf mentioned', be ingrossed or written any licence for retailing of wine, the sum of four fillings: and whereas the said duty is, by another ai passed in the third year of the reign of King George the First ? made perpetual: and vohereas, by atiother act made in the thirtieth 30 Geo. year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for C IV granting to his Majesty (amongst other rates and duties therein mentioned) several rates and duties upon licences for retailing wine, it was enabled. That from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven, hundred and fifty seven, there Should be rat fed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every piece of vellum or parchment, or feet or piece of paper, on which Should be ingrossed, written, or printed, any licence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any person who Should not take out either a licence for retailing of spirituous liquors, or a licence for retailing of beer, ale, or other ex

F 2 - cifeabk

68

jigeo 2-c-3

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1790.

cifeable liquors, over and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any former act or acts of parliament imposing any duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, an additional duty of five pounds; for every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which shoidd be ingrofjed, written, or printed, any licence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any person who Should take out a licence for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors, but should not take out a licence for retailing of spirituous liquors, over and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any former act or acts of parliament imposing any duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, an additional duty of four pounds; and for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Sheet or piece of paper, on which Should be in grossed, written, or printed, any licence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any person who Should also take out a licence for retailing of spirituous liquors, over and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any former act or acts of parliament imposing any duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, an additional duty of forty Billings; and it was by the said last mentioned act provided and enacted, That, in all cases where a duty of five pounds was therein before directed to be paid on a licence for retailing wine, a duty of three pounds six Billings and eight pence, and no more, Jloould be paid for a licence to retail wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that in all cases where a duty of four pounds was therein before directed to be paid for such licence, a duty of two pounds thirteen Billings and fourpence, and no more, Should be paid for a licence to retail wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and that in all cases where a duty of two pounds was therein before directed to be paid for every such licence, a duty of one pound six Billings and eight pence, and no more, Should be paid for a licence to retail wine hi that part of Great Britain called Scotland; anything in that act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: and it was by the said last mentioned act enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no person whatsoever, unless he Should be authorised and enabled in the manner therein after prescribed, shoidd sell or utter by retail, (that is) by the pint, quart, pottle, or galion, or by any other greater or less retail measure, or in bottles in any less quantity, than jj)ould be equal to the measure of the cask or vessel in which the same Should have been, or jnight laivfidly be imported, any kind of wine or wines, or any liquor called or reputed Wine, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence the i) fun of one hundred pounds: and whereas, by a clause in another act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, for obliging the retailers of wines commonly called Sweets or Made Wines, to take out a wine licence, after reciting the said act of the thirtieth of his said late Majesty, as herein before is recited, and reciting, that great frauds might eafdy be practised in case the retailers of certain liquors made in this kingdom, commonly called Sweets or Made Wines, Should not be, equally with the retailers of other kinds of wine, obliged to take out such licences for retailing wine, it was, enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty eighty no person whatsoever, unless he Should be authorised

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. 69

thorised and enabled by having taken out the licence in the said recited act directed, subject to the payment of such duties as were therein respectively charged upon such licences to sell wine by retail, shouldfell or utter by any retail measure, or in bottles in any quantity less than twenty-five galions, any kind of liquor made in Great Britain, by infusion, fermentation, or otherwise, from foreign fruit or sugar, or from British fruit or sugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients, commonly called Sweets or Made Wines, or any kind of liquor made in Great Britain, and known by the na?ne of Sweets or Made Wines, of vohatsoever materials, or in whatsoever manner the same might be made, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence one hundred pounds: and whereas by another act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon sweets, and for ascertaining the duties upon licences to be taken out by persons dealing in sweets, reciting, that it was then expedient that separate licences Should be granted to the venders of foreign wines imported, and to the venders of sweets or british made wines, it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, it Should and might be lawful to and for his Majesty's of of fiarnps, or any two of them, to grant upon any piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, any licence for selling of sweets or british made wines by any retail measure, to any person or persons applying for the same (although such person or persons Should not have a spirituous liquor or ale licence), fiamped or marked with a fiamp or mark of two pounds and four billings; and all and every person and persons selling british made wines only under such licences, Should be steed and discharged froyn any penalty by the acts therein mentioned imposed for selling wine under licences not fiamped as by the said acts were directed: and whereas by another act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the sale of sweets and a8 Geo. 3. for consumption in the houses of retailers thereof, who shall not C 37> recited, have licences to sell beer or ale, and for other purposes therein mentioned, reciting so much of the said act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty as is herein before recited; and that it was expedient to refrain the selling British wines or sweets for consumption in the houses of retailers thereof to such persons only as Should have obtained as well a licence for selling beer and ale, as a licence for the sale of t&ritish made wines, it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hu?idred and eighty eight, no person Should, by virtue of any licence for the sale of british made wines or sweets, be intiiled to sell such wines or sweets, for consumption in his or her own house, unless such person Should also have obtained a licence for selling beer and ale: and whereas it is apprehended, that if the said recited duties were repealed, and other duties imposed in lieu thereof upon licences to be granted, by the Commissioners, collectors, and supervisors of excise, in England and Scotland respectively, to persons retailing foreign wine, or british wtfdfc wines or sweets, such lafi mentioned duties would be more conveniently and effectually managed and collected be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conf

3 feat

70 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1790.

sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this 1790! the re*pre^ent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same cited duties That, from and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven under the hundred and ninety, the said recited duties, under the manage ment of the said of of lamps, by the said als im missioners^of P upon Vellum, parchment, or paper, on which shall be in stamps to grofied, written, or printed, any such licence as aforesaid, shall cease. cease and determine.

II. And whereas., by another act made in the sixteenth year of the 16 Geo. ac. Z. reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for repealing certain duties on spirituous liquors, and on cences for retailing the same; and for laying other duties on spirituous liquors, and on licences to retail the said liquors), it was enacted, That) from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, no person or persons whatsoever Should presume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their benefit, to retail any brandy, rum, arrack, ufqueb.aughy geneva, aquavitee, distilled spirituous liquors or strong

waters, unmixed, or mixed with themselves, tftly other ingredients,7^ by whatsoever name or names they were or might be calied, publicity or privately, without first taking out a licence for that purpose in manner thereafter directed, within ten days at leaf before he, she, or they Should retail the same, for which he, -the, they Should immer

diately upon taking out thereof pay down for the Jame the sum of twenty billings, manner in the said act directed: and where as, by

another act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said late i, 4.geo, ace. majesty King George the Second, amongst other things, for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon spirituous liquors, and upon licences for retailing the same, it was enacted, That there Should, 'day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, ^raisej leviedcollected\ and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, additional duty of twenty soil

lings per annum for every licence that Should be taken out by any person or persons for the retailing spirituous liquors, pursuant to the directions of the said lafi mentioned act made in the sixteenth year of his said late majesty King George the Second: and whereas, by three i$oeo.3.0.25, several other acts of parliament) made in the nineteenth) twenty first, sageo 3 0*66* twenty second years of the reign of his present Majesty, respectively and granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the five

ru duties under the management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain, three several additional duties or impofis of five pounds per centum, five pounds per centum, and five pounds per centum, became charged upon the produce and amount of the said several duties of twenty billings) and twenty Billings, imposed by the said acts of the sixteenth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second: and whereas) by another act, made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present 27 Geo. 3. Majesty) for laying additional duties upon licences to be taken C 30, recited, out persons dealing by retail in spirituous liquors, it was enacted, That) from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven / '

179° } Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. 71

hundred and eighty seven there Should he raised, levied., collected, and paid) unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successorsy the several and respective sums in the said act in that behalf mentioned, for and upon all licences to he taken out annually, in manner therein after mentioned by all persons who Should retail any difilledspirituous liquors orflrong waters within Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited duties by the said several aids, made in the sixteenth and twenty fourth years of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second imposed for or in respect of licences for the retailing of difilledspirituous liquors, as well as the said additional duties or impojls charged thereon by the said acts, made in the nineteenth, twenty first) and twenty second years of the reign of his present Majesty, and also the said duties by the said act) made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his said present Majesty, imposed, for or in respect of the licences therein mentioned, and in lieu thereof to impose other duties on licences to be taken out by persons who shall retail difilled spirituous liquors orfrong waterr, according to the directions of this act be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from From ft. 1 os and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and 1790) the reninety, the said recited duties, by the said several acts, made in the er the}aft sixteenth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his said late mentioned Majesty King George the Second, imposed, for or in respect ofli acts to cease; cences for the retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, as well as the said additional duties or imposts charged thereon tithe said acts made in the nineteenth, twenty first, and twenty fe cond years of the reign of his present Majesty, and also the said duties by the said act, made in the twenty seventh year of the reign '

of his said present Majesty, imposed, for or in respect of the licences therein mentioned, shall cease and determine,

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein before contained except as to hall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to any arrears and of the said respectively recited duties which may, on the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, fromost. 10, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all licences which, before the said tenth day gr}nted°to fell of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall have been wine orspirits granted by the said of of stamps, or any of them, to by retail, to any person or persons whatsoever, to sell wine by retail, or to be void, fell by retail british made wines or sweets, and which shall be then unexpired; and also all licences which, before the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall have been granted by the said commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any of them, or by the collectors and supervisors of excise, or any of them, in England and Scotland respectively,

Persons whose licences shall be so voided, to be allowed a rateable proportion for the time unexpired, on taking out new Jictnces.

From Oct. io, 1790, retailers of wine and spirits to take put licences.

Manner of granting such licences.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1790.

or by any persons appointed by the aid commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them respectively, to any person or persons whatsoever, to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, and which shall be then unexpired, shall, on the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, become and be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; anything in the said licences expressed, or in any act or acts of parliament contained, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons whose licence for retailing of wine, or for selling by retail british made wines or sweets, or to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, shall be or become null and void under and by virtue of this act, shall, on his, her, or their taking out a licence of the same kind as his, her, or their licence so become null and void for the year ending on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, under and by virtue of this act, be allowed to deduct, out of the money by this act directed to be paid for such last mentioned licence, a rateable proportion according to the sum or sums of money by him, her, or them paid for such his, her, or their licence so become null and void, and the portion of time for which such licence was granted to be In force which shall be unexpired at the time of such licence so becoming null and void.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all and every person or persons who shall retail foreign wine, or british made wines, or sweets, or distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, shall, before he, she, or they shall retail any foreign wine, or any british made wines or sweets, or any distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, take out such licence herein after mentioned, as the case may require, authorising such person or persons to retail foreign wine, or britifo made wines or sweets, or distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, as the case may require; which licences respectively shall be granted in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, If any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, or of such persons as they the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; but if any such licence shall be taken out in any part of the kingdom of England not within the said limits, the same shall be granted under the respective hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise within their respective collections and districts; and in case any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being: or if any such licence shall be taken out in that part of Great Britain galled Scotland out of tlje said limits of the city of Edinburgh, then

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. 73

the same shall be granted under the respective hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland within

their respective cohesions and districts: and the said of

of excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any two or more of them respectively, and the persons to be appointed by the said

of of excise in England, or the major part of them, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant such licences to the persons who Persons apply

shall apply for the same, on the person or persons applying for the ing for LI

same first paying for such licences the several sums of money fol ce*!ces to t. J } ° r J as follows, viz,

lowing j that is to say,

For every licence which shall be granted to authorise any per For every 11-

son or persons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain cence to retail

called England, and who shall not have an excise licence for re ejf

tailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, or a licence for the party has

retailing of beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, the sum of five not a spirits

pounds four shillings: or beer LI

For every licence which shall be granted to authorise any per cence> 5 S

son or persons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain art^haa

called England, and who shall take out a licence for retailing beer, a beer licence

ale, and other exciseable liquors, but shall not have an excise LI but not one

cence for retailing of distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, for spirits:

the sum of four pounds four billings:

For every licence which shall be granted to authorise any per if he has also

son or persons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain a spirits LI

England, and who shall also have an excise licence for re cence> dl 4*«

tailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, the sum of two

pounds four billings:

For every licence which shall be granted to authorise any per For every LI

son or persons to retail british made wines or sweets, either in

that part of Great Britain called England, or in that part of Great jn

Britain called Scotland, the sum of two pounds four billings: Great Britain,

For every licence which shall be granted to authorise any per ri. 4s.

son or persons to retail foreign wine in that pa ft of Great Britain For every LI

called Scotland, and who shall not have an excise licence for retail cence to retail

ing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, or a licence for in^codand^if

retailing of beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, the sum of three the party has

pounds six shillings and eight pence: not a spirits or

For every licence which shall be granted to authorise any per beer licence,

son or persons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain 3*s '*

Scotland, and who shall take out a licence for retailing beer, ]las a j o*beer licence

ale, or other exciseable liquors, but shall not have an excise licence but not one

for retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, the sum for spirits, 2l.

of two pounds thirteen shillings and fourpence: 13s« 4d.;

For every licence which shall be granted to authorise any per if he has also

son or persons to retail foreign wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who shall also have an excise licence for retail '

ing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, the sum of one

pound LIX shillings and eight pence:

And for every licence which shall be granted to authorise any For every LI

person cence to retail

74* nnoregni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 3?.

[1790.

spirits in person or persons to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong wa Great Britain, ters in any part of Great Britain, the sum of four"pounds and four party house teen > — dwelling house in which such person hall

be rated re side, or retail such distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters,

under 15l. at the time of taking out such licence, shall not, together with the

offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated, under the authority of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present majesty^r imposing duties on inhabited housesr at a relit of fifteen pounds per annum or upwards:

If rated at 15l., If such dwelling house hall, together with the offices, courts, and under aol. yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid at 5 S fifteen pounds per annum or Upwards, and under twenty poupds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of five pounds and two Shillings:

If such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid at twenty pounds per annum or upwards, and under twenty-five pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of five pounds and ten shillings

such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid at twenty-five pounds per annum or upwards, and under thirty pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of five pounds and eighteen shillings:

If such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid at thirty pounds per annum or upwards, and under forty pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of six pounds and six shillings:

If such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid at forty pounds per annum or upwards, and under fifty pounds, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of six pounds and fourteen shillings: And if such dwelling house shall, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens therewith occupied, be rated as aforesaid at fifty pounds per annum or upwards, then such person or persons shall take out a licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the sum of seven pounds and two shillings.

If at 20l and under 25l — 5l. ios.

If at 25l. and under 30i — 5l. 18 s.

If at 30l. and under 40l. — 61. 6s.

If at 40l. and under 50l. —

61. 14s*;

and if at 50l. or upwards, 7l. as.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, To whom the That the said several sums of money by this ai directed to be paid licences to l°r ^cences respectively, shall be paid to such persons as are be paid. herein after in that behalf respectively mentioned; that is to say, Such thereof as shall be paid for licences which shall be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London; and such thereof as shall be paid for licences which shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the chief office of

excise

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 75

excise in Edinburgh; and such thereof as shall be paid for licences which shall be taken out in any part of Great Britain, not within the said respective limits, shall be paid to the respective collectors of excise granting such respective licences.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Licences to That all licences to be granted under and by virtue of this a, continue in shall remain and continue in force until and upon the tenth day ^orce ji'l1

of October next ensuing the time of the granting thereof, and no granting longer: provided always nevertheless, That where any licence shall thereof; and be first granted between the fifth day of April and the tenth day if granted^of October in any year, there shall be charged only a rateable pro portion of the money herein before directed to be paid for or in^rateable^of such licence, according to the time for which such LI proportion cence shall be granted, anything herein before contained to the only to be contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. charged.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Licences to no person or persons shall retail any foreign wine, or any British be renewed made wines or sweets, or any distilled spirituous liquors or strong ear waters, after the expiration of such his, her, or their licence,

unless such person or persons shall take out a fresh licence for the like purpose, in the manner herein before directed, ten days at least before the expiration of such former licence, and foin like manner renew every such licence from year to year; and if any Penalty of person or persons shall retail any foreign wine, or any british made 5ol. on per wines or sweets, or any distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, wine^&xp^ without first taking out a licence authorising him, her, or them withoutch so to do, and renewing the same as is herein before in that behalf cence, or not directed, he, she, or they shall for every such offence, forfeit the renewing it. sum of fifty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That On death or upon the death of any person fb licensed, or upon the removal f ncenfcdf er any person or persons so licensed from the entered house or pre thecom mises in which such his, her, or their licence shall authorise him, missioner of her, or them to retail foreign wine, or to retail british made wines excise, C^sweets, or to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, ay authorise it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise o/assignees1*5 in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, or any one to carry on or more of them, and to and for the several collectors and super the trade for vifors of excise in England and Scotland respectively, within their the remainder respective collections and districts, to authorise and empower the ° t e term executors or administrators, or the wife or child of such deceased person, or the assignee or assigns of any such person so removing, who shall be possessed of such house or premises, in like manner to retail foreign wine, or to retail british made wines or sweets, or to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, as the case may require, in the same entered house or premises where such person so licensed, by virtue of such licence, carried on such trade, during the residue of the term for which such licence was originally granted, without taking out a new licence during the residue of the said term; provided always, That persons trading in partnership, and in one house or shop only, shall not be obliged to take

One licence sufficient for a partnership out in one house.

76

Licence not to authorise the sale of wine, C in any other house than that for which it was granted.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1790.

out more than one licence in any on year, either for retailing foreign wine, or for retailing british made wines or sweets, or for retailing distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, as the case may be; and that no one licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorise or empower any person or persons to retail foreign wine, or to retail british made wines or sweets, or to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, in any other house, warehouse, shop, room, cellar, vault, or other place than such houses, warehouses, (hops, rooms, cellars, vaults, or other places, in which he, she, or they hall retail foreign wine, or retail british made wines or sweets, or retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, as the case may require, at the time of granting such licence, and whereof entry in writing shall be made at the office of excise in the name or names of such person or persons at the time of granting such licence.

XI. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall in any wise be prejudicial to the privileges of the two universities in that part of Great Britain called England, or either of them, nor to the chancellors or scholars of the same, or their successors, but that they may use and enjoy such privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall extend or be prejudicial to the master, wardens, freemen, and

town*corpo^commonalty of the vintners of the city of London, or to any other city or town corporate, but that they may use and enjoy such liberties and privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed: provided also. That no person who shall be admitted to the freedom of the said company of vintners of the city of London by redemption only, shall be exempted from the obligation of taking out a licence for retailing foreign wine, but that the freemen only of the said company, who shall have been already admitted to their freedom, or who shall be admitted to their freedom in right of patrimony or apprenticeship, shall be entitled to such

Not to prejudice the privileges of the two uni verities,

nor the vintners corn

rate.

Freemen of the vintners company by redemption to take out licences.

exemption.

Letters patent

XIII. Provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall for licensing in anyw|fe extend to debar or hinder the mayor or burgesses of

taverns at bt., J. r n. - rr -.

Alban's con the borough of baint Alban s in the county or tiertjord, or their

firmed. successors, from enjoying, using, and exercising all such liberties,

' powers, and authorities to them heretofore granted by several letters patent under the great seal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for erecting, appointing, and licensing of three several wine taverns within the borough aforesaid, for and towards the maintenance of the free school there; but that the same liberties, powers, and authorities shall be, and the same are hereby established and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the said mayor and burgesses, and their luccefiors, to and for the charitable use aforesaid, and according to the tenor of the letters patent aforesaid, as though this act had never been made; anything in this act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Pro

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. 77

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no licence to retail foreign wine. No licence to or to retail british made wines or sweets, or to retail distilled begrantedbut spirituous liquors or strong waters, hall be granted to any person sonsuas ^ht or persons whatsoever, save and except to such persons only to have licences whom a licence to retail foreign wine, or to retail Britishbeforethe paf wines or sweets, or to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong hns this waters respectively, might lawfully be granted by the several acts of parliament in force immediately before the pasting of this act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Who shall be all and every person and persons who shall sell, offer, or expose to deemed re sale, any foreign wine, in any less quantity than shall be equal to

the measure or quantity in which the same shall have been or may be lawfully imported by way of merchandise, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of foreign wine within the meaning of this act; and if any foreign wine shall at any time be sold, offered, or exposed to sale, by any person or persons whatsoever, in any quantity less than the measure or quantity in which the same shall have been or might have been lawfully imported by way of merchandise, such selling, offering, or exposing to sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of foreign wine, within the meaning of this act; and all and every person or persons who shall sell, offer, or expose to sale, any british made wine or sweets, in the quantity of twenty-five galions, or under, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of british made wines or sweets within the meaning of this act; and if any british made wine or sweets shall at any time be sold, offered, or exposed to sale, by any person or persons whatsoever in any quantity less than twenty-five galions, such selling, offering, or exposing to sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of british made wines and sweets within the meaning of this act; and all and every person and persons who shall sell, offer, or expose to sale, any brandy, rum, arrack, usquebaugh, geneva, aquavitae, or any other distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, unmixed or mixed with themselves, or any other ingredients, in any less quantity than two galions, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of distilled spirituous liquors and strong waters within the meaning of this act; and if any brandy, rum, arrack, usquebaugh, geneva, aquavitae, or any other distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, unmixed or mixed with themselves, or any other ingredients, shall at any time be sold, offered, or exposed to sale, by any person or persons what. in any quantity less than two galions, such selling, offering, or exposing to sale, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailing of distilled spirituous liquors and strong waters within the meaning of this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That How penalties all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act shall be sued mar be/^e<iv for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or be divided, methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by

action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's

courts

78

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 38. [1790.

courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer ia Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That all the moneys arising by the duties by this act imposed (the carried to the necessary charges ofraifing and accounting for the same excepted) f^nd° 1 ate shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's

exchequer at Westminster \ and the money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the fund called The Consolidated Fund.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From Oct. io, That, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand aft^o/^ann even hundred and ninety, the said Several acts made in the ninth 30 and 31 Geo. * Year f reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, in the a. and 26 thirtieth and thirty first years of the reign of his said late majesty Geo. 3. as far King George the Second, and in the twenty-sixth year of the reign thoriflthe" of his present Majesty, so far as the same give any power or au of thority to the said of of stamps, or any of them, to of stamps to grant licences to sell wine by retail, or to sell by retail british grant LI made wines or sweets; and also that the said Several acts, made in i^and'a^lxteenth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his said late geo^a.^and majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty seventh year 517 Geo. 3. as of the reign of his said present Majesty, so far as the same gave far as they au any power or authority to the commissioners of excise in England of an Scotland respectively, or any of them, or to the persons ap of excise to pointed by them, or any of them, or the collectors and supervisors grant licences, of excise in England and Scotland respectively, to grant licences to repealed. retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Powers of for that all the powers, authorities, rules, regulations, restrictions, latina<to the excep^ons> provisions, clauses, matters, and things, which in or retaiing of bj any a or as of parliament relating to the retailing of foreign

wine, See. wine, or british made wines or sweets, or distilled spirituous LI (unless hereby quors or strong waters, or to licences to retail the same respectaltered) to ex t[veiy5 [n force immediately before the pasting of this act, are con aft. ° 13 tained, provided, settled, or established, for raiffng, levying, collecting,

paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the rates or duties by law imposed for or in respect of such licences, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, or for the regulating the retailing of the said liquors respectively, and not being expressly altered, repealed, changed, or controlled by this act, or not being repugnant to any of the matters, clauses, provisions, or regulations in this act contained, shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution throughout Great Britain, in and for the managing, aftesting, raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several duties by this act

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 39. 79

imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds reflating thereto, and for regulating the retailing of the said liquors respectively, so far as the same are applicable thereunto respectively, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, regulations, restrictions, exceptions, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly inserted and re enacted in this act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Powers of all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, Car. 1. clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, reladng^o the An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures excise, to exin capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a tend to this revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof), or by any other law now ain force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act),

hall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detect ing, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present act.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for making allowances to distillers of low wines and spirits from malt, corn, or grain, in Scotland, in respect of the duties imposed by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to discontinue,

24geo.3.0.46,

for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines anc and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing, the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits, as well for home consumption as for exportation; and for.destroying all home made and foreign spirits after the condemnation thereof; and for vesting in his Majesty the duties of excise within the lands of Fe rentofh, in the county of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies; it ivas enacted, That, for and during the space of two years, to be computed from the first day of November me thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, all the rates and duties granted and imposed upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, in and by any act or acts thentofore made and then in force, Should be discontinued, and that in lieu andjlead thereof, the several rates and duties in the said all mentioned Should, for and during the said term of

25ge 0, 3.1 recited.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1790.

two years, be substituted, charged, and paid, which duties in the said act mentioned are lower in value than the duties by the said act discon tinned: and whereas by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the:73) reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to declare, that brewers selling beer or ale in less quantities than a calk, containing four gallons and a half, shall not be entitled to any allowance out of the duties of excise for waste or leakage; and for making allowances to distillers of low wines and spirits from malt, corn, or grain, in respect to the duties imposed by an act of the last session of parliament, it was enacted, That it Should be lawful for the commissioners of excise in England, or the major part of them, in cases where the said duties were charged within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, to pay, out of the money in their hands arising by the duties by the said act granted, unto such distiller or disliliers, any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty-two pounds sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, and foin proportion for a greater or less quantity; and also for the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or the major part of them, in cases where the said duties were charged within the limits of the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, to pay, out of the money in their hands arising by the said duties, unto such distiller or distillers, any furri or sums of money not exceeding a rateable proportion of twenty-two pounds sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also, that it Should and jnight be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, in England and Scotland respectively, within which such duties were charged, in cases where the said duties were charged out of the said respective limits, to order the colie stor of the said duties to pay, out of the money in his hands arising by the duties by the said act granted, unto such distiller or disliliers, any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty two pounds sterling for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons of spirits made from malt, corn, or grain, ayid in proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, in that part of Great Britain called England, and in a rateable proportion of hventy tzvo pounds for every two hundred and fifty-two gallons offpi rits made fro?n malt, corn, or grain, according to the duties charged thereon in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, according to the respective flocks of such distiller or disliliers, as the same was taken by the officers of excise respectively who surveyed the several and respective ?nalt dfftillers between the twenty second day of October in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and the commencement of the said act; and if the said colic stor Should not have moneyfuf jicient in his hands to pay the said sums so ordered, the of jjsould cause the same to be paid out of any moneys arising by the said duties, under and subject to the several provisoes, rules, restrictions, regulations, and provisions, in the said act contained: and whereas, between the said twenty jccond day of October and the second day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, certain distillers or makers of low wines and spirits from malt, corn, or grain, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, were possessed of large

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. 81

quantities of spirits made and distilled by them from malt, corn, or grain, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which spirits had been regularly permitted from thence to London: and whereas no provision is made, in or by the said act made in the twentyffth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for any allowance to be made to such distillers for or in respect of such spirits; and it is reasonable that same

allowances Should be made to them for and in respect of such spirits; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, cjfe n gcot "/

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the land with the "

authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for approbation

the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or the major part of them, treafu*

by and with the consent and approbation of the lord, high treasurer, dlftillers^irf

or lords of of his majesty's treasury, to pay, out of Scotland, who

any money arifine; from the duties of excise in the hands of them had in their

J m J^O t rr r 1

the said commissioners of excise in Scotland unto such distiller or distillers, any sum or films of money not exceeding eight thou a^nov. sand two hundred pounds sterling for such spirits, upon proof be 1784., spirits ing made, to the satisfaction of them the said lords of which had of his majesty's treasury, that such spirits had been so permitted been regularly from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of l^ndorf ° Great Britain called England: provided always nevertheless, That g, aool. if ap no such allowance shall be made, unless the same shall be applied plication be for by memorial in writing to the said lords of of his made to the majesty's treasury, before the fifth day of July one thousand seven July $1 hundred and ninety 1790.

CAP. XL

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the la ft session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and 29 Geo. 3. c. 68, snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, it zuas enacted, recited.

That there Should be raised, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successers, (among other things), for every pound weight of tobacco, of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain, a custom duty of one hilling and sixpence, and also an excise duty of two billings; and for every pound weight of the like tobacco which Should be delivered for exportation, out of the warehouse or warehouses in which the same Should be deposted, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of the said act, a duty of cufoms of one penny, and also an excise duty of tvoo pence: and whereas it ivas by the said act provided, That if any such tobacco jj)ould be imported or brought into Great Britain, and warehoused according to the directions of the said act, then, and in such case only, the duties imposed by the said act upon the importation thereof Should not belaid or payable until such tobacco Should be delivered, either for home trade, consumption, or manufacture, or for exportation, as the case might be, out of the ware vol XXXVII G house

% Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1790.

house in which the same Jkouldbe deposited, lodged and secured, accord onlvthe du Wi ^ire^'lons f he fai^: be it enacted by the king's most ties of id. and excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords ad.per pound, spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament imposed by assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said respectact tc^be paid tive duties f one Penny and twopence per pound, and no other fo/spanish or duty or duties whatsoever, of customs or excise, shall be paid or payable for or in respect of any tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Portugal, which shall be delivered for exportation out of the warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the directions of the said al; anything in the said a Si contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever a difference be difference in tween the weight of tobacco taken upon the deposit thereof in the fhrinkage, warehouse, and the weight taken at the delivery thereof out of the such tobacco warehouses, according to the directions of the said actj shall ap to be paid for pear to have arisen from fhrinkage by lying in the wareffouses, the'we^ht0 t^ienj ad n ca^e5 the duties of customs and excise, for and when deliver respect of such tobacco delivered out of such warehouses, ac ed out of the cording to the directions of the said act, shall be paid and payable warehouse. according to the weight thereof when weighed on such delivery out of such warehouses.

Portugal tobacco, delivered for exportation from the king's warehouse.

no tobacco or snuff to be imported in cants, containing less than 45olb. on pain of forfeiture, C except as provided by the recited act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco or snuff whatever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from foreign parts, other wise than in hogshead, calk, chest, or case only, each of which shall contain four hundred and fifty pounds weight net of tobacco or snuff, except as in and by the said act is otherwise particularly provided, on pain of forfeiture of all such tobacco as shall be imported contrary to this add, together with the hogsheads, casks, chests, cases, or other packages containing the same; anything in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstand

tjp tobacco (except spa nish or Portugal, and snuff) to be imported, manufactured, or in any state of manufacture, on pain of forfeiture, C

Tobacco imported on or before oct.' 10, 1789, and remaining in

ing.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no tobacco (except tobacco of the growth, production, or manufacture of the plantations of Spain or Portugal, and also except snuff) shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from foreign parts, either wholly or in part manufactured, or in any state or degree of manufacture, on pain of forfeiting all such tobacco, with the hogsheads, casks, chests, cases, and other packages respectively containing the same, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, in or on board which the same shall be so imported or brought, with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and such tobacco, hogsheads, casks, chests, cases, and other packages respectively, and also such ship, vessel, or boat, guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any tobacco, which shall have been imported into Great Britain on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, shall, on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety,

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. .83

remain in any warehouse or warehouses which shall have been any ware appointed by virtue of any act or acts of parliament, for the purpose of depositing, lodging, and securing such tobacco, all such deemed't(>*tobacco shall be, and shall be deemed and considered as tobacco bacco import imported into Great Britain after the tenth day of Ofiobir one ed since thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and shall be liable to 10> such and the like duties, and entitled to such drawbacks, and no other, and shall be subject to all and every the rules, regulations, and reftfiftions to which tobacco imported into Great Britainj after the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, is made subject and liable by virtue of the said recited act or this act; and all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and the several clauses, powers, and directions in the said recited act contained, in respect of tobacco imported after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty fiine, shall extend, and be construed to extend, and are hereby directed to extend, to all intents and purposes, to tobacco imported on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and remaining in such warehouses on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commission for the respective of of the customs and excise to cause ers f the cuf daniaged of mean tobacco, for which the importer or importers, ^fomay cause proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees thereof shall damaged or refuse to pay the duties, to be burnt or destroyed at the end of mean tobacco three days next after such refusal, if such importer or importers, toe burnt proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, shall, during after refusal such space of three days, neglect or refuse to pack such damaged to pay the du or mean tobacco into packages, containing not less than seven ties, hundred and fifty pounds weight each, according to the directions and regulations in the said recited act; anything in the said

aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clanfe of re the clause of the said recited act, and the matters therein contain cited at ed, which prohibit any person or persons to manufacture, or to blts^httma*cause or procure to be manufactured, out of the limits of the chief nufacturing of office of excise in London, any tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco, See. tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk out of the LI fiour, or snuff, in any place or places whatsoever, other than and excise^office except the places in the said clause specified, and all penalties, in London, ex fines, and forfeitures in the same clause mentioned, and every pro ceptthe places viso relating to the matters of the said clause in the said act men therein speci tioned, or any of them, shall be, and the same is and are hereby L 1 repea e repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall setup or begin, or cause or pro No manu

cufe to be setup or begun, any manufactory or manufactories of history octo

tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, snuff work, tobacco stalk flour, be^t'up

or snuff, in any place or places whatsoever, which shall be lese within 5 miles

than five mile's distant from any part of the seacoast of Great Bri of the sea

tain (except in the ports and places in the said act enumerated, coast, except V^in the places

8 4

into which to bacco may be imported, chut

not to extend to places duly entered at the excise office before July j, 1789.

Snuff work may be manufactured into rappee, Scotch, or brown Scotch inuff, though contrary to the declaration delivered to the officer, if the manufacturer

Notice to be given the officer of any intention to manufacture inn IT work different from declaration, Sec,

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1790.

into which tobacco may lawfully be imported, and except in any place or places within three miles of such ports and places respectively, and also except in cities and the suburbs thereof, and market towns); and that no entry of any house, warehouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, being less than five miles distant from any part of the sea coaff of Great Britain, and not being in such excepted places, or.any of them, as aforesaid, which shall be setup or begun for the manufacturing any tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, fhuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, shall be of any effect or avail, but shall be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and all and every person and persons manufacturing, or causing or procuring to be manufactured, any tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, fiiuff work, tobacco stalk flour, or snuff, in any house, warehouse, shop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, situate and being in any place or places which shall be less than five miles distant from any part of the seacoast of Great bri tain except in places herein before excepted, or any of them, shall, notwithstanding any entry of the same, be deemed and taken to be a manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff without entry, and subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as manufacturers of tobacco or snuff without entry are subject to by the said recited act; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: provided always, That nothing in this add contained shall extend, or be deemed to extend, to annul or make void any entry of, or to subject any person or persons to any penalty or forfeiture, in respect of any tobacco or snuff being manufactured in any tobacco or snuff manufactory, which shall have been used as such tobacco or snuff manufactory at any time on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and whereof due entry shall be made at the office of excise, or any room, vault, or other place which shall be erected, and shall belong and appertain thereunto; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff, to manufacture his, her, or their snuff work, either into rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Scotch lhuff, although such manufacturing thereof shall be different from any declaration by him, her, or them delivered to the officer of excise in pursuance of the said act or of this act, such manufacturer and manufacturers reflectively observing and performing the several rules, regulations, notices, and declarations in that behalf prescribed and directed by this act; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. observe the regulations of this at.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such manufacturer or manufacturers shall and may give to the proper officer of excise, from time to time, whilst such snuff work shall be in cask or bin pursuant to the said act, a previous notice in writing, according to the directions of this act, of his, her, or their intention to manufacture such snuff work different from his, her, or their former declaration or declarations, and in such no

rice

x79°0 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. s5

'fcice shall specify the cask and casks, or bin and bins, and the number and numbers thereof respectively, in which such snuff work shall then be, and the time or times when such snuff work was laid down or added to in pursuance of this act, and the purpose for which the same was before declared to be laid down; and also shall, within forty-eight hours next after every such notice being so given as last aforesaid, deliver to such officer a fresh declaration in writing, specifying the weight of such tobacco, tobacco stalks, and returns, respectively, and the weight of the tobacco stalk flour (if any) laid down in such snuff work, and whether the same, and how much thereof respectively, is intended to be made into rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Scotch snuff, and shall proceed without delay to manufacture the same, and finish the manufacturing thereof, according to the lad: declaration in that respect delivered; and all such snuff work shall, after any such notice and declaration being given as lad: aforesaid, be subject to the like notices and declarations, and to the like rules, regulations, penalties, 'and provisions, as are by the said act and this at required and provided, with respect to snuff work laid down and rhanufactured according to the directions of the said act and of this act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful To snuff work to and for all and every manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff,

to add to any parcel of snuff work in operation (once whilst the may added same shall be laid down in cask or bin, in pursuance of the said at the times act, or once immediately before or in the grinding thereof, or herein speci* once at or during each of the said respective operations, but not C oftener) any quantity of tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, and returns of tobacco, or either of them, upon his, her, or their giving, from time to time, to the proper officer of excise, previous to any such increase being made, a like notice in writing as herein is diredbed, of such his, her, or their intention, specifying in each such notice the particular cask and casks, or bin and bins, and the number and numbers thereof respectively, in which such snuff work shall then be, or from out of which such*work has been taken, as the case may be, and the time when such snuff work was first laid down, and also the time when any increase, if any was made thereto, and the weights of the tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, and returns of tobacco, respectively intended to be added to such snuff work; anything in the said adb contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every ifthemanu such manufacturer or manufacturers, giving any such notice asfadhirer.com. jaft aforesaid, shall immediately on such officer's attendance pursuant to such notice (and which attendance every such officer is herein men hereby required to give accordingly) or within one hour after the tioned. time specified in such notice, weigh all such tobacco, tobacco

stalks, tobacco stalk flour, and returns of tobacco, respectively, as shall be intended to be added to such snuff work, and which shall be weighed separate and apart from each other, in the presence of such officer, who shall take an account of the same, and shall also

G 3 lining

s6

The whole of any parcel of snuff work in cure may be mixed with the whole of any other parcel in cure, though laid down at different times, if mixed in the presence of an officer, C

to supply customers with manufactured

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1790.

immediately after the same respectively shall have been weighed, and an account thereof taken, deliver, to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying the weights of such tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, and returns of tobacco, respectively intended to be added to such snuff work, and also the weights of the tobacco, tobacco (talks, tobacco stalk flour, and returns of tobacco, before laid down in or added to such snuff work, and whether such snuff work, and how much thereof respectively, is snuff work for rappee snuff, snuff work for Scotch snuff, or snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, and the time when such snuff work was laid down, and also the time when any increase (if any) was made thereto; and all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, and returns of tobacco, so added or intended to be added to such snuff work, shall, after any such notice and declaration given as last aforesaid, be subject to the like notices, and to the like rules, regulations, penalties, and provisions, as are by the said at and this af required and provided with respect to tobacco, tobacco stalks, tobacco stalk flour, or returns of tobacco, laid down or manufactured into snuff work according to the directions of the said act and of this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff, who shall have laid down snuff work in cure in several pareels, or at different times, to mix, mingle, and lay together, whilst the same shall so remain in cure, the whole of any one parcel of snuff work of one laying down, with the whole of any other parcel of snuff work of any other laying down, and from thenceforth to proceed in the

manufacturing thereof as if the whole of such snuff work, so mixed together, had been laid down in one pareel, and at one and the same time: provided alwa/s, That such parcels of snuff work shall be mixed together in the presence of the proper officer of excise, upon a like notice, in writing, to such officer in that respect given, by such manufacturer or manufacturers, as by this act is directed, specifying therein the particular cask and calks, or bin and bins, and the number and numbers thereof respectively, in which the same shall then be, and the time or times when such parcels respectively were, or any part thereof was, laid down in lnuff work, and such officer hall and may take an account of the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this and the said recited act; and every such manufacturer or manufacturers respectively shall, immediately after the same shall have been so mixed together, deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying the weights of the tobacco stalks and returns respectively laid down in each parcel of such snuff work, and the time or times when such tobacco, tobacco stalks, and returns, respectively, or any part thereof, were or was so laid down in cure; anything in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall have occasion to supply; the demands of his, her, or their customer or customers with manufactured

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 4.0. 87

nufatured tobacco or snuff, from any parcel or quantity of to tobacco, or bacco or snuff work in operation, before the whole of such parcel fauff, not lefa of tobacco or snuff work shall be completely manufatured, ^av be taken shall and may be lawful to and for any such manufaturer or ma from tobacco nufaturers, in the presence of the proper officer of excise, to take, or fnuffiil for the purpose aforesaid, any manufactured tobacco or snuff, not operation, left than two hundred pounds in weight of such manufactured to hotice^to the bacco or snuff, from any particular parcel or quantity of tobacco officer, cor snuff work then in operation of manufacture, although the whole of such particular parcel or quantity of tobacco or snuff work may not then be completely made or manufactured; provided that every such manufacturer or manufacturers hall give to such officer of excise as aforesaid, a like notice in writing, according to the directions of this act, of such his, her, of their inten tionrand in every such notice shall specifyt'he weight of such manufactured tobacco or snuff so intended to be taken for the purpose aforesaid, and also the time or times when such particular parcel or quantity of tobacco was weighed to be put in operation of manufacture, and the weight thereof, or the time or times when such snuff work was declared to be laid down, and the weights of the tobacco, tobacco talks, tobacco talk flour, and returns, respectively laid down therein, as the case may be, and also that in every such case such manufacturer or manufacturers shall immediately on such officer's attendance pursuant to such notice (which attendance every such officer is hereby required to give accordingly) weigh all such manufactured tobacco or snuff 10 taken, as the case may be, in the presence of such officer, who shall be permitted to take an account thereof, and shall immediately after the same respectively hall have been weighed, and an account thereof taken, deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying the weight of such manufatured tobacco or snuff so taken, and the weight of the particular parcel or quantity of tobacco or snuff work from whence the same is so taken, at the' time or times when the same was put in operation: and if any but if taken manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff shall take anywithout such tobacco or snuff from any particular parcel or quantity of tobac ^nufacture/ co, or snuff work, put in operation of manufacture, before the to forfeit ou whole of such particular parcel or quantity of tobacco, or friuff work, shall be completely manufatured, without giving such notice as aforesaid, or weighing the same in the presence of such oft ficer, according to the directions of this at, or, having given such notice as aforesaid, and weighed such manufatured tobacco, or snuff work, specified therein, according to the diretions of this at, shall neglet or refuse to permit such officer to take an account thereof, or half neglet or refuse to give such declaration in Writing as aforesaid, such manufaturer or manufaturers shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds,

XV. And be it further enacted, That'it shall and may be law British rapful: for any manufaturer Or manufaturers of British rappee snuff, pee, Scotch, or Scotch ihuff, or brown Scotch snuff, which shall have been com fn^ncq^tc^ pletcly made and finished, and an account thereof taken by the pietejy

G 4. officers ed, may be lie

88 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1790.

quoted before officers of excise, to liquor or damp the same, at any time before such snuff shall be mixed with snuff of a different making, under, and subject to the several regulations, restritions, and provisions herein in that behalf prescribed, so as the weight of such snuff so liquored or damped hall not exceed the greatest extent of credit given by the said recited at or this atto such manufaturer or manufacturers, for or in respet of such snuff; anything in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every tov^orfnuff manufacturer or manufacturers, who hall intend to liquor or

for which the' damp any such snuff, in respect whereof the greatest extent of cre legal credit dit allowed by this or the said recited act has not been received, has not been hall give to the proper officer of excise a like notice in writing, rive^notice°to accorc^ns to the directions of this act, of his, her, or their inten the office^&c. tien to tuor or damp such snuff, and in each and every such notice shall specify the kinds and weight of each kind of such snuff so intended to be liquored or damped, and how much snuff, and each kind of such snuff, at the time when an account was first taken of the same by the officer of excise, fell short of the greatest extent of credit given to such manufacturer or manufacturers by the said act, or by this act, for or in respect of such kind of snuff; and that every such manufacturer or manufacturers, immediately on such officer's attendance pursuant to such notice (and which attendance such officer is hereby required to give accordingly) shall, in the presence of such officer, weigh all such snuff intended to be liquored or damped, and liquor or damp the same; and immediately after the same shall have been so liquored or damped, such manufacturer or manufacturers shall, in the presence of such officer, re weigh the same, and if the same, upon being so weighed, shall not, by means of such liquoring or damping, have increased in weight more than such snuff, at the time of first taking account thereof by the officer of excise, fell Short of the greatest extent of credit given to such manufacturer or manufacturers by the said act or by this act, for or in respet of such kind of snuff, then such snuff shall (upon all and Angular the regulations, restritions, and provisions herein in that behalf prescribed being fully complied with, but not otherwise) notwithstanding such increase of weight, be deemed and taken to be a fair commodity, and no part thereof fhsd be forfeited for or by reason of such increase of weight, but such manufacturer or ma nufaturers shall have credit for the same in stock accordingly.

isto snuff to be'XVII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ^arcels than^t^lins herean contained hall extend, or be deemed or construed aoolb. nor in to extend, to authorise any manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff more than to liquor or damp any snuff less in quantity than two hundred four different pounds weight, nor to liquor or damp any one making of such parcels of one snuff in more than four different parcels.

srruff^or

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and which such an every such manufaturer and manufaturers hall keep all such allowance snuff, on which any such allowance shall be made, separate and shall be made, apart from all other snuff in his, her, or their custody or possession

mixed with snuff of a different making, soit exceed not the legal credit.

Mairafaftur

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. 89

fton, and shall from time to time show the same to the officer of to be kept fe excise under whose survey he, she, or they shall be, upon demand, al^ottofnuff and declare at what time or times any such allowance shall have &c.onpenalty been made to him, her, or them, in respect of such snuff, and the of 20l. amount of such allowance, on pain of forfeiting the lum of twenty pounds for every neglect or refusal.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe Scotch snuff

lawful to and for any manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff to and tobacco manufacture Scotch snuff and tobacco stalk flour into brown Scotch ma

snuff, and also to manufacture tobacco stalk flour into rappee snuff, nufa<shired under and subject to the like rules, regulations, restrictions, pro into brown vifoes, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, notices, and declarations, Scotch snuff, respectively, by this act or by the said act prescribed, provided, or di ^fk^ouffinto rected, for and in respect of the manufacturing of snuff, and as the rappee snuff. case may require, according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited act and this act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in taking an account of in taking the flock of all and every manufacturer and manufacturers of stock where snuff, who shall have manufactured any Scotch snuff with tobacco

stalk flour into brown Scotch snuff, or any tobacco stalk flour into flouar rappee snuff, or who shall have added tobacco stalk flour to his, have been ma her, or their fnufl7 work for rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown nufactured Scotch snuff, according to the directions of this act, all and every such manufacturer or manufacturers shall have a credit according bacc0 to the following proportions $ (that is to say), into rappee,

or where to

For every one hundred pounds weight of Scotch snuff which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture with tobacco stalk flour for brown Scotch snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and forty-one pounds weight of brown Scotch snuff; and foin proportion for any greater Of less quantity of such Scotch snuff so manufactured:

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco stalk flour, which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture with

bacco stalk flour has been added to snuff work for rappee, C the manufacturer to be allowed the following credits.

Scotch snuff, for brown Scotch snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and thirty-three pounds weight of brown Scotch snuff; and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity of such tobacco stalk flour so manufactured:

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco stalk flour, which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture for rappee snuff, or shall add to his, her, or their snuff work for rappee snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-eight pounds weight of such rappee snuff; and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity of such tobacco stalk flour which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall so manufacture, or add to his, her, or their snuff work for rappee snuff:

For every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco stalk flour which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall manufacture for brown Scotch snuff, or shall add to his, her, or their snuff work for brown Scotch snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper credit

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1790.

not exceeding one hundred and thirty-three pounds weight of t such brown Scotch snuff, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity of such tobacco stalk flour which such manufacturer or manufacturers shall so manufacture, or add to his, her, or their snuff work for brown Scotch snuff.

Any excess sound of the credits, to be forfeited.

Siftings of second draftings of flhort cut and (hag tobacco, and returns of snuff, to be deemed returns of tobacco. Manufacturers may keep and use dye for staining tobacco.

So much of clause 115 of recited at repealed, as directs that the permits for removal of tobacco or snuff from the mill, shall be for no more than the weight after being ftoved or dried.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any officer or officers shall at anytime discover or find, in the stock of any manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff, any quantity of rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, or brown Scotch Inuff, greater than the credit herein before in that behalf allowed to' such manufacturer or manufacturers, such rappee snuff, Scotch snuff, and brown Scotch snuff, respectively, so found in excess, shall be deemed and taken to be brought into the house, warehouse, workhouse, shop, room, cellar, vault, or other place made use of by such manufacturer, or manufacturers, without any authentic permit granted and given according to the directions of the said act, and shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all fiftings arising from the second' dressings of Short cut tobacco or shag tobacco, and all returns of snuff, shall be deemed' and taken to be returns of tobacco within the meaning of the said recited act and of this present act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco from dying or staining with any liquid dye or itain, any tobacco manufacturing or manufactured into Short cut tobacco, shag tobacco, roll tobacco, or carrot tobacco, or any tobacco stalks manufacturing or manufactured into Spanish, or from having such liquid dye or stain in his, her, or their custody or possession, for the purpose of staining or dying such tobacco or tobacco stalks so manufacturing or manufactured; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of a clause in the said recited act as provides that the manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff, who shall have ftoved or finished tobacco, or dried snuff work, at any cutting mill or snuff mill, shall not be entitled to or receive a permit for the removal of any greater quantity of manufactured tobacco or snuff than the weight of such tobacco or snuff work respectively, after such tobacco shall have been so ftoved or finished, or such snuff work shall have been so dried, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper officer or officers of excise to grant a permit or permits to such manufacturer or mar nufacturers for the removal of the whole quantity of manufactured tobacco or snuff work respectively from such cutting mill or snuff mill without regard being had or made to the weight of such tobacco or snuff work, at the time of ftoving or finishing such tobacco, or drying such snuff work, subject nevertheless to all and every, other the regulations and restrictions in the said act

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. 9*

or this at prescribed for the removal of such tobacco or snuff from such mill or mills.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Permits may lawful to and for all and every manufaturer and manufacturers ^rtmo^of of tobacco, to remove by permit, and to and for the proper offi not jess tjian cer or officers of excise to grant a permit for the removal of any 200lb. of un unmanufatured tobacco, in any quantity not less than two hun manufactured dred pounds in weight, and in any package whatsoever, from the package entered premises of such manufaturer or manufaturers, to any from entered mill, for the purpose of being manufatured at such mill, accord premises to ing to the provisions of the said at and of this at, and under the mill and subject to the rules, regulations, restritions, provisions, fines penalties, and forfeitures in the said at or in this act contained,

for the removal of tobacco from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof; anything in the said at contained to the contrary thereof in anywiff notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Tobacco lawful to and for all and every manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff, who shall carry on any manufactory of tobacco may rei. ar snuff in any entered premises situate out of the limits of the moved by per weekly bills of mortality, or the chief office, of excise in London, mit, fromen or any of the ports of importation of tobacco in the said recited

act enumerated, or within two miles of any such. ports, to rete limits of move, by permit, any tobacco stalks arisen and stripped from the the bills of leaf at such his, her, or their entered premises, and whereof the mortality, sec proper officer of excise has taken an account in pursuance of the those said act, to any place within the limits aforesaid, under and subject to the rules, regulations, restritions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, in the said actor in this act prescribed for the removal of tobacco stalks from any part of this kingdom to any place npt within the said limits, or either of them, in caf such manufacturer or manufacturers shall not have received into, and have in his, her, or their entered premises, custody, or pof session, at the time of requesting a permit for such removal, any other tobacco stalks whatever, whereof the proper officer of excise has not taken any account, or whereof such officer has taken account, in pursuance of the said at, as tobacco stalks received, into such entered premises, by permit, from the flock of any other manufaturer or manufacturers; anything in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Tobacco, ct lawful to and for all and every manufaturer or manufaturers of mxy re' tobacco or snuff, to manufacture, his, her, or their tobacco, to jeered bacco stalks, snuff work, and returns of tobacco, respectively, atto be manu any mill whereof an entry hath been duly made at: the office of factured, C excise, in pursuance of the said at, and to remove the same respectively, by permit, from the premises of such manufaturer or manufacturers to such mill, for the purpose of being; so manufactured* under and subject to the rules, regulations, and restrictions

in the said recited at and this at mentioned,; by which tobacco, tobacco stalks, snuff work, aijd returns of tobacco, of

ffl

Permits for removal of tobacco, Sec. from the mill back to the manufacturer's premises.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1790.

either of them, may be removed from the premises of any manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff to any mill, for any the purposes in the said act mentioned; anything in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That every request note for such permit, and every such permit for the removal of tobacco, tobacco talks, snuff work, and returns of tbbacco respectively, from the premises of such manufacturer or manufacturers to the mill, shall set forth the purpose for which the same is to be removed, and the particular process or processes of manufacture to be performed thereon at such mill.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no permit shall be deemed illegal or insufficient for the removal of any tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spanish, tobacco talk flour, or snuff, in any way or degree manufactured, from the mill where the same reflectively shall have been so manufactured back to the premises. _ the same manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or snuff

account of^rom whence the same respectively shall have been permitted and any operation sent, by reason of any process or operation of manufacture what at the mill. ever having been performed thereon at such mill; anything in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. Snuff work

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no permit shall be removed, ex granted, or be valid, for the removal of any snuff work from any premia*Part kingdom to any other part thereof, except from the

where laid entered premises of the manufacturer or manufacturers of snuff, down to the where the same was laid down, to the mill, for the purpose of being ground into snuff; and if any snuff work shall be removed or carried, by land or by water, horn any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, except from the entered premises of the manufacturer or manufaturers of snuff where the same was laid down, to the mill, for the purpose of being ground into snuff (whether a permit shall or shall not have been granted for such removal thereof), all such snuff work, together with the hogsheads, casks, chests, cases, and other packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, boats, barges, and carriages, used in such removal or carriage thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Notice to be That it shall not be lawful for any manufacturer or manufacturers vious\o the of tobacco or snuff to begin any operation of manufacture by this beginning any a allowed, and in respect whereof any notice is required, unless operation of such manufacturer or manufacturers shall give to the officer of manufacture, excise under whose survey he, she, or they shall be, previous to his, her, or their beginning any such operation of manufacture by this act allowed, six hours notice in writing, if his, her, or their entered premises, in which such operation of manufacture, specified in such notice, is or are intended to be carried on, shall be situate within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or within the limits of the city of Edinburgh 5 twelve hours previous notice in writing, if such premises shall be situate in any city, or the suburbs thereof, or in any oiarket town 5 and twenty-four

mill, to be forfeited, C

93

and if the operation be not begun in an hour after the specified time, a ffefh notice to be given.

How penalties may be sued for, and how to be divided.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 41.

four hours previous notice in writing, if such premises shall be situate in any other part of Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention so to do, and in each and every such notice shall specify the particular hour and time of the day when he, she, or they shall intend to begin any operation of manufacture by this a & allowed, or to do or perform the particular matter or thing specified in such notice to be intended to be done or perfortned; and if such manufacturer or manufacturers shall not begin to do or perform the matter or thing specified in such notice, at the time or within one hour next after the time specified in such notice, the same shall be void and of no effect, and such manufacturer and manufacturers respectively shall be liable to give a new and fresh notice in writing of the same, as if no notice had been before given.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures imposed or created by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of customs or excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this at shall commence and take efiet from and immediately after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. XLI.

An act for laying a duty on the importation, from any of the provinces in North America, of rape seed, and all other seeds used for extracting oil; and for allowing the importation from the said provinces of rape cakes, or cakes made of rape seed used for manure duty free.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign 15geo.3x.3ib of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging the manufactures of rape oil, and other vegetable oils, in this kingdom, by reducing the duties on rape seed, and other seeds producing oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free importation of rape cakes for manure from Ireland to this kingdom; and by another act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of and 27 Geo. 3. his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duc recited, ties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufature of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives,

Acct to commence from July 5, 1790.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 41. [1790.

to the reduction of the national debt; Yape seed and all other seeds commonly made use of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom, being the growth of Ireland, are allowed to be imported front thence on payment of the duty of one shilling the last, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be at or above the price of seventeen pounds ten Billings per last, under the conditions, regulations, and restrictions mentioned in the said recited act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty: and whereas by the last recited act rape cakes, or cakes made of rape seed, commonly used for the purpose of manure, may be imported at all times from Ireland dutyfree; and whereas it is expedient to permit the importation of rape seed, \ and all aether seeds commonly made use of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom, 1 and also rape cakes, or cakes made of rape seed, commonly used for the purpose of manure, from his. majesty's colonies, plantations, and provinces in North America, in like manner and under the same conditions, regulations, and restrictions as such seeds are allowed to be imported from Ireland; be it therefore enacted by, the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords _. spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament 1790! rape assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after seed, See. of the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it the growth of shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatever to im l^n'es^n Ame" Port nGreat Britain, in a british built ship, owned and navi ricarmay be" gate according to law, from any of the colonies, plantations, imported in and provinces belonging to his Majesty in North America, rape bntish built feed, and all other seeds commonly made use of for the purpose Ships, on pay Gf extracting oil therefrom, being the growth of the said colonies, duty peryaft, pjantations? and provinces, on payment of the duty of one fhil when the price hnglaft? whenever the prices of middling British rape seed of middling shall be at or above the price of seventeen pounds ten billings rape seed shall per ]aft and under the same conditions, rules, apd restrictions, pe/last^and penalties and forfeitures as such seeds are now allowed to be inn rape cakes ported from Ireland, and also rape cakes, or cakes made of rape

duty free. seed commonly used for the purpose of manure duty free.

[Rape seed from Ireland,]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import, enter, and land rape seed from Ireland, or the said co colon^es^mav ones Potations, or provinces, without payment of duty, and be imported^Co lodge and secure the same in warehouses under the joint locks without duty, oath King and the importer, and under such and the like regu and lodged in lations, provisions, and restrictions, with respect either to the &cr^s°corn* warehousing, the taking it out for home consumption, or the ex c. under 13 porting thereof, as corn, meal, and flour, are permitted to be Geo. 3. c. 43. imported, landed, and warehoused, taken out and exported, by an at passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exporta lion of corn.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 42; 95

CAP. XLII.

An act to continue, 'for a limited time, certain proiifions contained in an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain orders of council respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his majesty's colonies in America; and for preventing suits in consequence of the same; and for making further provisions relative thereto, relating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and to authorise his Majesty to permit the exportation of corny grainy mealy or floury and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

WHEREAS an act was made in this present session of parlia Preamble

ment, (intituled An act for indemnifying all persons who 30geo.3, 0.1, have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution cer recited, tain orders of council respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his majesty's colonies in America \ and for preventing suits in consequence of the same; and for making further provisions relative thereto), which was to continue in force until the twenty-ninth day September one thousand seven hundred and ninety: and whereas it is expedient to continue, for a limited timcy certain provisions contained in the said act relating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the rejates to the said recited act, made in this present session of parliament, as reimportation lates to the importation or exportation of corn and grain, shall or exportation be and remain in full force and effectr, from the said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until and upon the twenty-eighth day of February one thousand seven till Feb. 38, hundred and ninety one, and no longer 1791.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before which at any time before the said twenty-eighth day of February one day hisma thousand seven hundred and ninety one, it shall and maybe lawful the* for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he and they is and privy council, are hereby authorised, by and with the advice of his or their privy may permit council, from time to time to permit, for a limited time, the he exporta exportation from Great Britain of wheat, wheat flour, biscuit, cn anctpro^ rye, rye meal, barley, barley meal, oats, oatmeal, peas, or beans hibit the im and in like manner to prohibit the importation, on the low du portation of ties, of foreign wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye meal, barley, barley foreign wheat, meal, oats, oatmeal, peas, and beans; and in like manner to j^dutil^&s recall such permission or prohibition, if circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any person shall export or import any wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye meal, parley, barley meal, oats oatmeal,

6' Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 43. [1790.

peas, or beans, contrary to such permission or prohibition of his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, the person so exporting or importing the same shall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures and penalties; and the said wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye meal, barley, barley meal, oats, oatmeal, peas, or beans, and the hip or vessel in which the same shall be exported or imported, hall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures, as if the said wheat, wheat flour, rye, rye meal, barley, barley meal, oats, oatmeal, peas, or beans, were exported or imported contrary to the provisions of any act or acts of parliament now in force.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to authorise the commissioners of the customs to defray charges on seizures out of his Majesty's fare of seizures in general.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by several acts of parliament now in force, the Commissioners of his Majestfs cufoms are impowerecl to cause all hips, vessels, and boats, and all goods, of what kind soever they may be, which shall be seized by any officer of the cufoms for any cause of forfeiture, and condemned according to law to be sold, or burnt or otherwise destroyed., in the manner in the said alls mentioned: and whereas the respective officers seizing such goods are entitled to certain allowances arising out of the net produce of such seizures as shall be sold, after dedulling the charges of condemnation and sale from the whole, and to certain other allowa?ices where such seizures are burnt or otherwise destroyed, pursuant to the directions of the said alls: and whereas, in cases where any ftp., vessel, boat, or goods fall be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's cufoms, which are by law liable on condemnation to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, or where the produce arising from the sale of any particular seizure fall not be sufficient to answer the expenses of seizing, prosecuting, or condemning the same; or if, upon any trial a verdict fall be given for the claimant, or the sip, vefel, boat, or goods seized, fall not he condemned, the said of of his Majests cufoms are by law empowered, if they think proper, to order the charges arising by the condemnation and sale, and by the seizure and prosecution of such sips, vefels, and boats or goods, whether they fall be condemned or not, and all manner of law bills, and other charges of management, to be paid out of his Majesty's fare of the produce arising by the sale of any goods, which had been or might be seized and condemned: and whereas, in order to encourage the officers of the cufoms to be vigilant in the exertion of their duty, it is expedient to extend the provisions of the said laws, by authorising the Commissioners of his Majests cufoms, in all cases where they in their discretion and judgement fall think proper, to pay out of his Majests fare of the produce arising by the sale of goods seized and condemned, the whole or any part of the charges and expenses that may arise from the seizure and detention of any goods whatsoever, or from the prosecution, condemnation, or sale thereof, whether the goods so seized fall be condemned or not, or whether the produce arising from the sale of any seizure fall be sufficient to answer the said charges and expenses or not, and in all such cases to allow to the officer or officers

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 44/ gf

who shall seize any such goods, his or their full hare or proportion of the net produce arising by the sale or other disposal of such seizure, without deducing therefrom such charges and expenses, or such part thereof as aforej, aid', be it therefore enacted by the king's most: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the > lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all Commission, where any ship, vessel, boat, or goods, of what kind soever cu

they may be, hall be seized by any officer or officers of his Ma orderthjex jesty's customs, it shall and may be lawful for the said commis pences of sioners of his majesty's customs, if they shall think proper, to seizure, corder the whole or any part of the charges and expenses arising belaid either from the seizure, custody, removal, detention, or prose of his majes cutioti of any such goods whatsoever, whether such goods shall ty's share of be condemned or not, and also of the charges and expenses aris any seizure, ing from the condemnation and sale, or other disposal of any such goods, whether the produce arising from the sale or other disposal cejve ^ls thereof shall be sufficient to answer the said charges and expenses share of the or not, to be paid out of his majesty's share of the produce net produce arising by the sale of seizures which have been or shall and may be seized and condemned; and all and every officer and officers, who shall have made any such seizure, shall, in every such case, be allowed by the said of such his or their respective share and proportion of the net produce arising by the sale, or Other disposal thereof, in full, without deducing therefrom the said charges and expenses, or such part thereof as aforesaid, as such officer or officers respectively was or were by law entitled tffrto before the making of this af, and the residue of such produce the said of shall cause to be paid and applied to' such uses and purposes as his majesty's share of the produce of such seizures is by law applicable unto.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to enable his majesty to settle a certain annuity on the reverend Francis Willis doctor of physic.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious message to your faithful commons, hath been pleased to signify your desire of conferring a special mark of your royal favour on the reverend Francis Willis doctor of physic and that for that purpose your Majesty Should. be enabled to settle an annuity of one thousand pounds per annum, clear of all deductions whatsoever, on the said reverend Francis Willis, his executors, administrators, and a/signs^ during the term of twenty-one years*we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjecte, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament adembled, duly considering your majesty's most gracious intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords foiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

9 s

His Majesty may grant to the reverend Francis Willis an annuity of looool. for i years.

Pension to be clear of all charges.

[Preamble.]

a9geo.3, CI

recited.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1790.

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to give and grant to the said reverend Francis Willis, his executors, administrators, and assigns, an annuity or yearly sum not exceeding one thousand pounds, clear of all deductions whatsoever, for and during the term of twenty-one years, to be paid to the said reverend Francis Willis, his executors, administrators, and assigns, out of any of the hereditary or temporary revenues usually applied for the expenses of the civil government, and to commence from such time as to his Majesty shall seem proper.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said annuity or yearly sum of one thousand pounds, so to be granted to the said reverend Francis Willis, shall not be charged with the payment of, or be subject to any tax, rate, or assessment, imposed or to be imposed on pensions paid out of his majesty's civil list revenues, by authority of parliament, or otherwise howsoever, nor to any fees usually paid on the payment of such pensions, nor to any other charges whatsoever; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLV.

An act for convening certain annuities, to be attended with the benefit of survivorship in claffesy established by an act of the last session of parliament, into certain annuities for an absolute term of years; and for enabling the of of the treasury to nominate lives for the shares so converted.

WHEREAS, in pursuance of an act made and passed in the last session of parliament, (intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by way cf annuities, to be attended with the benefit of survivorship in classes)y several persons who had beco?ne contributors towards raising the sum of one million two thousand five hundred pounds y have actually advanced and paid to the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the ba?: k of England the full sums contributed: and whereas the several contributors, their respective executors, administrators, successiorsy and assigns7 are at liberty, for every entire sum of one hundred pounds and five Billings advanced and paid to name the life of some one person, either of such contributor f r some other life, at any time or times on or before the tenth day of October one thotfand seven hundred and ninety, in manner in the said act dtrefteef and by virtue thereof will become entitled from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, for and during the life of the ?iominee who shall be appointed, to an annuity. to be attended with the benefit of survivorship in classes, in manner in the said act mentioned: and whereas the several contributors, their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, or some of themy are or may be willing and deferaus to have such respective interests converted into certain annuities for an absolute term of years herein after mentioned; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 45.99

and commons, In this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and per Till Sept. 20, fons who are interested in, or maybe entitled to, any life an j79°> certifi nuity or annuities, with benefit of survivorship as in the said is granted, and who shall be possessed of any certificate or certi cgcec[ a(q mdy ficates, made out by the cashier or cashiers of the governor and be exchanged company of the bank of England., in pursuance of the said a, at the ex their respective agents or alsigns, shall and may, at any time or ^ficates1* times on or before the twentieth day of septe?nber one thousand for annuhies> seven hundred and ninety, carry the said certificate or certificates of 4l. 5s. for to the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, to be every iool. exchanged for other certificates to be made out by the said audi ^ar and one for, in the manner herein after mentioned; and Avail and may, quarter, from by writing on the back of every such certificate eet to have his, 061.10, 1790, her, or their inteueft of and in any such life annuity or annuities, with benefit of survivorship, converted into annuities for such Auditor on certain and absolute term or terms of years as herein is men -

and the said auditor shall and is hereby required, on the givevvc' hpt receipt of any such certificate or certificates, after computing the for the prin interest to become due thereon on the tenth day of October one cipl, and in thousand seven hundred and ninety, to give a receipt for the ere same, expressing the principal sum or sums of money contained to file such in such certificate or certificates, and the said interest to become certificates, due thereon, and cause the said certificate or certificates to be C filed in the office of the said auditor; and the said auditor shall, in lieu thereof, cause to be made out a distinct certificate in re spe£t of every entire sum of one hundred pounds and five shillings. the governor and company of the bank of England., for the amount of the principal sums contained in the certificates remaining filed in the said office, for which certificates no see or reward shall betaken, nor lbamp duty paid; and the person or persons who shall be possessed of any such last mentioned certificate or certificates, shall, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company, be inti tied to have, receive, and enjoy an annuity, at and after the rate of four pounds and five shillings per annumy for and upon every entire sum of one hundred pounds and five shillings, which shall be expressed in such lafb mentioned certificate or certificates, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and to continue for a certain term of sixty nine years and one quarter of a year, and then to cease; which said annuity of four pounds and five flail Annuities lings shall be paid and payable half yearly, by even and equal payable half portions, during the said term; (that is to lay). On tyre fifth day yealiy* of April and the tenth day of October in every year during the said term, the first payment thereupon to be due for half a year on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and so shall continue until the quarter day next preceding the time at which the several annuities by this at granted shall determine, and the quarter's annuity for the time then remaining unexpired, shall be paid to the day on which the same shall become due $ and in each and every such case, the right, title, interest,

ioo Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 45. '[179©,

and benefit arising, or which might arise to such contributor or contributors) his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, under and by virtue of the said act of, in, or to any annuity or annuities, with benefit of survivorship, shall cease, determine, and shall be deemed and adjudged to be merged and extinguished in the said certain and absolute term of years by this act: granted.

The names of

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the persons in the office of the accountant general of the governor and com delivered cer 6 Pany be bank f England for the time being, a book or books tificates at the shall be provided and kept, in which the names of every person bank, and the and persons who shall have delivered to the governor and com fkms, to be pany certificates to be made out by the said auditor in pursuance boo^of which aan t^le pr^ncta^ sums contained therein, shall be

a duplicate is entered, which book or books the said persons, their exe

to be sent to cutors, administrators, successors, and assigns respectively. the exchequer all and every person and persons who shall continue to have an* interest of and in such life annuity or annuities, with benefit of lurvivorship as aforesaid, shall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, relort to and inspect without any fee or charge; and that the said accountant general shall, on or before the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books.into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, there to remain.

The principal

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That sums of the as fcon as any person or persons shall have delivered to the said b^carried^ct g overnor an company any certificate or certificates to be made the credit of out by the said auditor, in pursuance of this act, the principal the respective sum and sums expressed in the certificate or certificates so deli — persons in the vered to the said governor and company, shall forthwith be, in bank which'be books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such remay be trans spective persons, their executors, administrators, successors, and ferred. assigns, converting such annuity or annuities respectively; and the persons to' whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate whatever, in the books of the fiank of England, and such sums shall carry an annuity after the rate of four pounds and five shillings per annum, in respect of every sum of one hundred pounds and five shillings, for the certain term of sixty nine years and one quarter of a year, from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and then to cease, and shall be taken and deemed to be stock. transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this act. Annuities

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

payable at the all annuities for the term of ilxty nine years and one quarter of a free^fldf year, by this act granted, shall be payable and paid, and be trans

axes ferrable at the bank of England, and that such persons, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, coru.

ior

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 45.

vesting any such life annuity or annuities, with benefit of survivorship as aforesaid, into certain annuities for the said term of years, shall have, receive, and enjoy, the said annuities of four pounds and five shillings by this act granted, in respedd of every sum of one hundred pounds and five shillings advanced and paid in manner in the said add directed, for the said term of years by this add granted, and ftiajl have good and sure interests and efiates therein, according to the several provisions in this add contained; and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes charges, and impositions whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Annuities all the said converted annuities, after the rate of four pounds and payable out five shillings per annum, by this add granted and made payable, in pdate^furict respedd of every sum of one hundred pounds and five shillings subscribed

and entered in the books of the bank of England in pursuance of this add, shall from their commencement be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the moneys which shall from time to time arise and be in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, of the rates and duties composing the consolidated fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several contributors towards raising the said Where in

- of one million two thousand five hundred pounds, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall have have been a had the interefd, to become due on the said tenth day of o5lober computed one thousand seven hundred and ninety, computed by the cashier agreeable to or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, pursuant to the add of the said session of parliament, be entitled to ahje accordu have and receive, at the receipt of the exchequer, such interefd ingly, 'for all moneys by them advanced and paid, at and after the rate in the said add mentioned; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding'.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Treasury to so much of the moneys by this add appropriated as shall be suffi order money cient, from time to time, to answer. the said several and respective annuities, herein directed to be paid out of the consolidated fund, to issued. shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three at the ex,

more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, chequer, CC without any further or other warrant to be required, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this add appointed for payment, be issued and paid at the said receipt of the exchequer to the first or chief cashier or cashiej's, for the time being, of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for the time being, by way of impress, and upon account, for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue; of this add; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall, from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the ex

fhequq.

Accountant general to examine the cashier's accounts.

Annuities to be deemed personal estate.

Books to be kept at the bank for entering transfers of an*miities, See.

VIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of England, for the time being, shall from time to time in speef and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, hall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, Statute, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums subscribed and entered into the books of the bank of England, in respect of any annuity or annuities for an absolute term of years, in pursuance of this at, shall, at all seasonable times, be entered and rqgiftered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be ligned by the parties making such alignment or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attorneys, thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses, and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law.

X. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any hare or interest in the said stock of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may bequeath the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses, bat that no payment shall be made upon any such bequest until so much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest in the said stock of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, cr interest in the said stock of annuities, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns; Transfers not and that no stamp duties 'whatever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said converted annuities, after the rate of four pounds and five shillmgs per annum, to continue for a certain term of sixty nine years and one quarter of a year from the tenth day of October one, tfioufand seven hundred and ninety, and then to cease, to which any person or persons, 'bodies politic and corporate, shall be in titled by virtue of this adlfin respect of every lum of one hundred pounds and five billings subscribed and entered into the books of the bank of England, in pursuance of this act, shall, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, be added to and made one joint stock with certain annuities which, by two acts made in the first and second years of the reign of his present Majesty, were granted and made payable at " '; 'the

Annuities may be bequeathed by "Will, Cp

chargeable with stamps. Annuities, from ct. io, 1790, to be added to the joint stock of annuities granted by two acts of the 1 ft and ad years of 'fieo.3,

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 45. 163

the bank of England, for the respective terms of ninety-nine years, and ninety-eight years, from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and then to cease; and which said respective annuities were, together with fun dry other annuities, consolidated and made one joint stock of annuities by several acts of parliament made in the fourth, twentieth, twenty second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and to be paid, payable, and transferrable, at the same time and times, and in like manner, with the said annuities granted by the said acts; and so much money shall, from time to time, continue to be set apart and issued at the receipt of the exchequer, to the said cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the annuities hereby granted, to continue for a certain term of sixty nine years and one quarter of a year, from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and then to cease, together with the charges attending the same, out of the consolidated fund 3 anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Immediately the said auditor of the receipt of the exchequer shall, on or im ater Sept. 20, mediately after the twentieth day of September one thousand seven the exche* hundred and ninety, certify to the of of his majesty's quer to cer treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, the number tify to the of certificates which shall be filed as aforesaid in the office of the treasury the said auditor, endorsed in the manner herein directed; and also the ^rbficates number of such ffiares of and in the life annuities, with benefit fned. See. and of survivorship, which shall have been converted into annuities for the treasury such terms of years as aforesaid depending thereon; and the said may, for every of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or /ertifi the lord high treasurer for the time being respectively, shall and cates, name may for and in respect of each and every such sum of one hun the life of dred pounds and five shillings, contained in such certificates, be f°me perfoq, at liberty to name, in the manner herein directed, the life of some one person, at any time or times on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the manner herein after directed; during which life and lives respectively, to be appointed as aforesaid, there shall be reserved at the said receipt of exchequer, to the use of the public, at the respective days of payment in the said act mentioned, such and the like annuity and annuities respectively, with the like benefit of survivorship in clafies, as any contributor or contributors in the same clafies respectively would be entitled unto by the said act in respect of an equal number of shares thereof, and which annuity or annuities so reserved at the said receipt, to the use of the public, shall from time to time, as they respectively grow due and arise, be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund, towards satisfying and replacing the annuities at and after the rate of four pounds and five shillings granted under this act, and charged thereon as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, preasur t hat said of of the treasury shall, and they are their

H 4 hereby nominee

ip Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 4^.

[1790.

from the orders of persons herein fipecifiedo

Treafyry to ddiver to the exchequer a copy of the register of the birth of nominees, and ctrtihr cates of their names, C

hereby required, out of the several degrees, orders, or societies of persons herein after mentioned, to feleds, in the manner herein directed, such and so many nominees as shall be necessary to carry into execution this present acts; (that is to say) Such persons respectively as are or shall be peers of Great Britain, or of Ireland or the children pr grand children of such peers respectively; orarp or shall be baronets of England or Scotland respectively, or lords of manors in England or Wales, or persons w]io are named in the commission of the peace for any county or riding in England or Wales, or their children; or are or shall be spiritual persons, respectively promoted to any bishoprie, deanery, archdeaconry, prebend, or other dignity in any cathedral, or other church, or benefited with any parforiage, vicarage, or donative in England, or a fiellowftiip in any college or hall of either of the universities of Oxford or Cambridge; or are or shall be for the tjrqe being governors of the hospital of the Charter House, in the county of Middle*jexj or governors and guardians of the hospital for the maintenance and education of exposed and deserted young children, commonly, called The Foundling Hospital or the president, treasurer, or go yernors of the hospital commonly called chrifjs ffcspital; or fucfi; persons respectively who are or shall be duly registered in the books of The Amicable Society for Insurance on Lives in Serjeanf s Inn Fleet Street, and whose names, places of abode, and ages respectively, shall be fully set forth in such register; and all and every such person and persons respectively, who shall be appointed nominees by the said of of the treasury, or any three of them, at any time or times on or before the tenth day of Ottobey one thousand seven hundred and ninety, out of the orders, degrees, or societies of persons abovementioned, or any of them, shall bp deemed and adjudged to be nominees, during whose lives respectively there shall be reserved, for the use of the publick, at the said receipt of the exchequer, annuities to be attended with benefit of survivoiship at and after the respective rates, and at the times in the said at mentioned, as fully and effectually as if such nominees had been appointed under and by virtue of the said former act

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before such nominees, or any of them, shall be entered in the book of the said auditor, the said commis 'tioners of the treasury, or some person or persons to be by theqi appointed under this at, shall deliver to the said auditor a true copy of the register of the birth or baptism of every such. nominee, and also a certificate of the same, under the hands of the minister of the parish or place where such register shall be kept, or of the churchwarden or overseers, or other principal inhabitants of such parish or place, or any two of them, thereby certifying the same to be a true copy of such register; and also a certificate under the hands of the minister of the.parish or place where such nominee shall reside, or of the churchwardens or overseers or other principal inhabitants of such pari In or place, or any three or more of them, thereby certifying the name, surname, and place of abode, of such nominee; and in case any such nominee £h^ll beregift^npd ' ill

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 4£.

in the books of the said amicable society, then the said commis fipners of the treasury, or the person or persons aforesaid, shall also deliver to the said auditor a certificate, under the hands of two or more of the directors or governors of the said society or company, thereby certifying the name, surname, place of abode, and age of every such nominee, together with such other apt descriptions to ascertain the person of every such nominee as may appear in the books of the said society or company; and which copies and cer Copies of re tificates aforesaid the respective ministers, officers, directors, or gifters, C to governors, or other persons aforesaid, are hereby respectively re quired and enjoined, upon application in writing, to deliver to the from the trea said of of the treasury, or to the person or persons to fury, bp appointed by them, at such times respectively as the said of of the treasury, or any three of them, shall direct; and Appointment any appointment in writing, under the hands and seals of the said of nominees of of the treasury, or any three of them for the time being, of any such person or persons as aforesaid, duly certified in to be fuffidenfc rjnanner herein mentioned, to be a nominee or nominees by virtue warrant for of this act, shall be a sufficient warrant to the proper officers in admitting the office of the auditor of the said receipt, and also in the office "of the clerk of the pells severally, for admitting every such person*' be a nominee in the proper class of nominees according to the directions of the said act, and for entering the name, surname'of abode, aftd age of every such personas a nominee in the book and books to be kept for that purpose, according to the directions of the said a; and the said auditor is hereby required to enter the same accordingly, and also the particular class in which each such'nominee ought to be placed by virtue of the said act, and the annuities to be reserved for the use of the public in respect of such nominees reflectively, according to the true intent and rpeaning of this act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of of the treasury for the time being, Treasury to r some person or persons to be appointed by them under the au transmit half thority of this act, shall half yearly, during the continuance of any of^lnees Jife or lives so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, transmit to to the places the several parishes and places in Great Britain, where any such where theyr^ nominee or nominees shall reside, a list of all the nominees ap spectively re pointed under this a: residing in such parish or place; and also to the directors or governors of the said society a list of all such no piinees registered in the books of the said society; and the re Ministers, &c, spective ministers, officers, or other persons aforesaid, of the re |peftive parities and places to which such lists shall be transmitted, transmitted and the directors or governors of the said society respectively, shall, to return to half yearly, (that is to say) Before the fifth day of Aprils and the the treasury tenth day of October9 in each year, on such days and times respectthe^ive^of tively as the said comrrfiffioiners of the treasury, or any three of the nominees them, shall direct, return to the said of of the treasury, then existing, pr the person or persons to be appointed by them as aforesaid, a certificate, under the hands of such ministers, officers, or other pejtons, or of any two of them, or under the h^nds of such directors

Exchequer to set apart, for the use of the public, the half yearly payments on the lives of nominees so certified.

If nominees be in the army a certificate of the commanding officer, if in the navy of the admiralty, and if at the university, C

io Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1790.

tors, or any two of them respectively, thereby certifying the lives of all and every the nominees appointed by the said of of the treasury which shall then sublist; and also the deaths of such which shall have come to their knowledge respectively, or of the removal of such nominees, or any of them, from such parish or place, as the case may require; and the certificates certifying the lives of the said nominees, being filed at the office of the auditor of the said exchequer, shall be a sufficient warrant for setting apart and reserving at the said receipt, to the use of the public, the half yearly payments which shall arise or grow due, or shall have arisen and grown due, in respect of the said 110^ minees so certified, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and which certificates shall not be chargeable with any stamp duty.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at the time when any half yearly payment shall become due, any such nominee or nominees appointed by the said of of the treasury shall be in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in his majesty's land forces, or navy, it shall and may be lawful to produce to the said auditor, for the purposes aforesaid, a certificate of the lives or deaths of such nominees, under the hands of the respective officers commanding, the regiments or corps, where such nominees shall serve or have of the master, served, or under the hands of two or more of the commissioners of C to be fuf the admiralty or navy for the time being, as the case may require;

and in case any such nominee or nominees shall be resident at either of the said universities, or at any school, or other seminary of learning, then, and in such case, it shall be lawful to produce the like certificate, under the hand of the principal reftor, warden, or master of the college, hall, school, or other seminary aforesaid, in which such nominees shall be respectively resident; which certificates being filed with the said auditor, shall be likewise a sufficient warrant for setting apart and reserving at the said receipt of exchequer the said half yearly payments, in respect of such nominees, in the manner and to the uses herein before directed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said auditor of the receipt of the exchequer shall, on or immediately after the twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, certify to the of of his majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, the number of persons which shall have been then appointed to be nominees under the said act, and the names of such nominees respectively, and the particular clafies in which the said nominees. are to be or shall be placed, and the whole number of shares depending upon the live of all the nominees appointed within each class respectively; and the said of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall, and they are hereby required, in the appointment of nominees on the part of the public, as herein before directed, to distribute the number of nominees, and of shares depending on the lives of such nominees, among the several classes of the tontine, in the same proportion

W

ficient.

Immediately after Sept.

20, 1790, auditor to certify to the treasury, the number of persons who shall have been appointed nominees, C -

to distribute their nominees in the several clafies in proportion

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 45; 107

in which the number of nominees appointed by the several conto the nomi tributors, and the number of hares depending on the lives of such nees of the nominees, shall appear, by the certificate of the auditor herein contributor, before required, to have been distributed among the said classes respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the names of all persons of any of the descriptions herein Names of per before enumerated, whose respective ages and places of abode sons whose shall be ascertained by the of of the treasury, or the ^ube^ascer lord high treasurer for the time being, at any time on or before tainedbysept. the twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and 20, 1790, to ninety, shall be distributed according to the respective ages of such be distributed persons into six classes, corresponding to the several classes directed fs written" by the said act of the last session of parliament, and written or on distinct printed on distinct pieces of paper, being all as near as may be of pieces of pa equal size, and rolled up in the same manner; and shall, on some Per put into day between the said twentieth day of September and the tenth day nd drawn of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to be appointed out afuf^. by the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of cient number them, nr by the lord high treasurer for the time being, (whereof he drawn to notice shall be given in the London Gazette), be put into six boxes, ^up_^e according to the six several classes in which the same hall have of nominees been distributed, and being the re shaken together hall, in the preappointed on fence of the said of of the treasury, or three of them the part of at the least, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, and also the public, the deputy governor of the bank of England, be publicly drawn out of the said six boxes in their order, beginning with the first class, and so shall continue until a sufficient number of names in each class shall be drawn out of the said boxes, to fill up the proportion of nominees to be appointed on the part of the public in each such class, according to the provisions of this act; and which names so drawn shall in such classes be presently entered into a book or books to be provided for that purpose, and the persons whose names shall be so drawn, and none other, shall be appointed and duly certified to the said auditor of the said receipt of the exchequer as the nominees nominated on the part of the public in puri'uance of this act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the said commis None but re iioners of the treasury to nominate or appoint any person to be a ^reatbri nominee for the public, by virtue of this act, other than a native tanto no of and resident in Great Britain at the time of such nomination; mineesforthe anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. public,

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Auditor, in in the account to be made up half yearly in the office of the said the half yearly auditor of the deaths of nominees that are come to the knowledge death^&c^to of the said auditor, and of the: persons who have made default in keep distinct: their annuities, as by the said act is directect, and also, in the list the nominees or schedule to be published yearly in pursuance of the said act, the appointed by laid auditor shall set downdiftindtl^ and in different columns the ^£0

names nftnee3 ap

IO

pointed by the contributors, C '

Out of the consolidated fund, the treasury to discharge all expenses attending the execution of this act.

No see to be taken for converting life annuities into annuities for a term of years, on penalty of aol.

Persons forging or altering certificates, C guilty of felony.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1790.

names and ages of such nominnes as were or shall be appointed by the said of of the treasury in pursuance of this act, and the names and ages of such other nominees as were appointed by the several contributors aforesaid in pursuance of the said former act; and also shall set down and distinguish therein the different annuities payable to the several contributors aforesaid in pursuance of the said act, and the annuities to be reserved at the said receipt for or in respect of such nominees who shall be living, which were or shall be appointed by the said of of the treasury, and also the amount of the said respective annuities payable to the said contributors, or to be reserved as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of any moneys composing the fund called The Consolidated Fund the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them or him shall seem meet, just and reasonable; and also shall have power to make, out of the said consolidated fund, such allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act, and also for the service, pains, and labour, of the said accountant general for performing the trusts hereby reposed in him; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of his majesty's subjects, for converting the interest of any person or persons of or to any life annuities, or any of them, into certain interests for terms of years in pursuance of this act, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts, at Wtfminjhr, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager at law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any endorsement or writing on the back of any certificate or certificates, made out as is herein before mentioned by the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, or any receipt or receipts to be given, or any certificate or certificates to be made out by the auditor of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer in pursuance

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 45. 109

of this act; or shall wilfully deliver to the said governor and company of the bank of England, any such forged, 'counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or anybody or bodies politic or corporate, or any person or persons whomsoever; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act and assist in forging and counterfeiting any letter of attorney, or other authority or instrument to transfer or assign any principal sum or sums placed to the credit of any person or persons whomsoever in the books of the bank of England as herein before mentioned, or any part of such sum or sums, or to receive any such annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends as aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act and assist in forging or counterfeiting the name or names of any of the proprietors of any of the said principal sums, annuities, or dividends, or any part thereof, or of any of them, in or to any such pretended alignment or alignments, instrument or authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have any such principal sum or sums, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or any such annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged letter of attorney, authority, or instrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any of such principal sums as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, or of any such annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, and thereby assign or transfer, or endeavour to aftagri or transfer, the said principal sums, or any of them, pr any part thereof, or of any of them, or thereby receive, or endeavour to receive, the said annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them, with intent to deceive and defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or anybody or bodies politic or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever; or if any person or persons shall with the like intent forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or alfxft in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any register or registers of the birth of any person or persons to be appointed a nominee or nominees in pursuance of this act, or any certificate or certificated to be given in pursuance of this act; then, and in every or any such case, all and every person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this act,

such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and

General iffotv

give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant

no Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 46, 47. [1790.

or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs hall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or other treble costs, wise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the heirs and defendants of William Penn esquire, the original proprietor of the province of Pennsylvania, in consideration of the meritorious services of the said William Penn, and of the Losses which his family have sustained in consequence of the unhappy difientions in America.

Tetters patent of King Charles a. to Wm. Penn esq; of the province or Hate of Pennsylvania. By act of the state of Pennsylvania, Nov. 27, 1779, 130, 000l. to be paid to the devisees and legatees of Though. Penn and Rich. Penn, esqrs. then late proprietors of Pennsylvania, and to the widow of the said Though. Penn. For the meritorious services of the said Wm. Penn, an annuity of 4, 000l. to be issued quarterly out of the consolidated fund to William Baker and Andrew Alien, esqrs. in trull for John Penn of Stoke Pogis, and John Penn of Wimpole Street, esqrs.; to commence Jan. 5, 1790. Treasury by warrant to direct the auditor of the exchequer to make forth and pass debentures for the said annuity, without any fees. Such warrant not to be determinable on the demise of his Majesty, C Officers of the treasury and exchequer to do all necessary acts without fee. The trustees to convey with all convenient speed the said annuity to meltrs. Penn in the proportions herein mentioned, C viz. 3, 000l. to John Penn of Stoke Pogis, and i, ooool. to John Penn of Wimpole Street; and in the*mean time to receive the annuity, and pay the same to the proper parties.

[Public act.]

Receipt of the trustees, C to be a sufficient discharge for the annuity, which is to be paid free of all taxes, C Annuity to be considered as real property ilfuing out of lands in Middlesex, C Conveyance of the annuity to be enrolled in chancery, and entered with the auditor of the exchequer. Trustees to be answerable for their own acts only, and may reimburse themselves their necessary expenses.

---

CAP. XLVII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to authorise his governor or lieutenant governor of such places beyond the seas, to which felons or other offenders may be transported, to remit the sentences of such offenders.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS by several orders made by his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council in pursuance of authority given to his Majesty in that behalf by an act passed in the twraty- 34geofourth year of his Majests reign, (intituled An act for the effectual transportation of felons and other offenders; and to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases, and for other purposes therein mentioned); his Majesty hath declared and appointed., by and with the advice aforesaid., "That the ecftern coajl of New South Wales, and the ifands thereunto adjacent, Should be the place or places beyond seato which certain felons, and other offenders, Should be conveyed and transported: and whereas several felons and other offenders have, in pursuance of the said act, been conveyed and transported to the eastern coajl of New South Wales, or the ifands thereunto adjacent, there to remain during the terms or times for which they were so respectively fenuuced to be transported by the courts in which they were convicted:

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 48. 111

and whereas his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, may hereafter declare and appoint the place or places aforesaid, or some other place or places beyond seato be the place or places to which Other felons and offenders shall hereafter be conveyed and transported; and such felons and offenders may be so transported accordingly: and whereas it would greatly advance the defegn of such sentences, so carried into execution as aforesaid, or which may hereafter be passed and carried into execution, that the governor, or (in case of his death or absence) the lieutenant governor for the time being of such the place or places as aforesaid Should have pozver and authority to remit or shorten the time or term for which such felons and offenders as aforesaid have been or shall hereafter be transported, in cases where it shall appear that such felons, or other offenders, are proper objects of the royal ynercy \ be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his His Majesty heirs and successors, at all times, by his or their commission under under the the great seal of Great Britain, to authorise and empower the go ^av authorise vernor, or the lieutenant governor for the time being, of such the governor place or places as aforesaid, or of any of them, by an instrument or lieutenant in writing, under the seal of the government in which the place governor of or places as aforesaid are or shall be situated, to remit, either ab wdeit&cto folutely or conditionally, the whole or any part of the time or remit the fen term for which any such felons, or other offenders aforesaid, hall tences of of have been or hall hereafter be respectively conveyed and trans fenders, ported to such place or places as aforesaid; and that stich instrument or instruments hall have the like force and effect, to all intents and purposes, as if his Majesty, his heirs and successors, had in such cases respectively signified his or their royal intention of tnercy under his or their sign manual.

---

[Duplicates of instruments remitting sentences, to be transmitted to the secretary of state, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted, That such governor or lieutenant governor as aforesaid shall, by the first opportunity, transmit to one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, a duplicate, under the seal of the government, of each and every instrument as aforesaid by which the time or term of transportation of any such felons, or other offenders as aforesaid, hath been remitted or shortened; and that the names of such felons, and other offenders respectively, which shall be contained in such duplicates as aforesaid, shall be inserted in the next general pardon which shall pass under the great seal of Great Britain, after the receipt of such duplicate or duplicates by one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for discontinuing the judgement which has been required by law to be given against women convicted of certain crimes, and substituting another judgement in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the judgement which has been required by law to be given and awarded against any woman

112 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 48. [1790.

or women in the cases of high treason, or of petit treason, should be no longer continued: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[From June 5, 1790, women convicted of high treason, &c. to be hanged.]

That from and after the fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the judgement to be given and awarded against any woman or women convicted of the crime of high treason, or of the crime of petit treason, or of abetting, procuring, or counselling any petit treason, shall not be, that such woman or women shall be severally drawn to the place of execution, and be there burned to death; but that such woman or women, being so convicted as aforesaid shall be severally drawn to the place of execution, and be there hanged by the neck until she or they be severally dead; any law or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Women convicted of petit treason, &c. to be liable to the same punishment as persons convicted of wilful murder, as specified in act 25 Geo. 2. c. 37.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any woman or women shall be convicted of the crime of petit treason, or of abetting, procuring, or counselling any petit treason, then and in every such case, such woman or women shall be subject and liable to such further pains and penalties as are particularly specified and declared with respect to persons convicted of wilful murder, in an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of rthe eign of King George the Second, (intituled An act for better preventing the horrid crime of murder); and the court before whom any such woman or women shall be convicted, shall pass sentence at such time, and shall give such orders with respect to the time of execution, the disposal of the convict's body after execution, and all such other matters and things as are directed to be given by the said act, with respect to persons convicted of wilful murder.

[If, on June 5, 1790, any woman shall be under sentence to be burnt, his Majesty may order her to be hanged.]

III. And be it further enacted, That if, on the fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, any woman or women, having been convicted of the crime of high treason, or of the crime of petit treason, shall have had judgement to be burned to death, the execution of which sentence shall then remain to be done, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty if he shall think proper, by warrant under the hand of one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, to alter such sentence, and to order, instead thereof, that such woman or women so attainted as aforesaid shall, in execution of such judgement, be hanged by the neck until she or they shall be severally dead; any law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Women convicted of high treason, to be liable to the like forfeitures, &c. as heretofore.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That whenever any woman or women shall be convicted of the crime of high treason, or of the crime of petit treason, or of abetting, procuring, or counselling any petit treason, and judgement shall be given thereon according to the directions of this act, then, and in every such case, such woman or women, being so attainted of such crimes respectively, shall be subject and liable to such and the like forfeitures, and corruption of blood, as they severally would have been in case they had been severally attainted of the like crimes before the passing of this act.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 49. 113

CAP. XLIX.

An act to impower justices, and other persons, to visit parish workhouses or poorhouses, and examine and certify the state and condition of the poor therein to the quarter sessions.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the laws now in being for the regulating parish workhouses or poorhouses have been found in certain instances deficient and ineffectual, especially when the poor in such houses are afflicted with contagious or infectious diseases, in which cases particular attention to their lodging, diet, cloathing, bedding and medicines is requisite: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or any physician, surgeon or apothecary for that purpose authorized by warrant under the hand and seal of any such justice or justices, or for the officiating clergyman of the parish or place duly authorized as aforesaid, at all times in the day time to visit any parish workhouse or house kept or provided for the maintenance of the poor of any parish or place within the county, riding, liberty or division wherein such justice or justices shall be resident and shall have jurisdiction, to examine into the state and condition of the poor people therein, and the food, cloathing and bedding of such poor people, and the state and condition of such house or houses; and if upon any such visitation the said justice or justices or persons duly authorized as aforesaid shall find any cause or occasion of copmlaint, that then and in such case such justice or justices or persons duly authorized as aforesaid shall and they are hereby authorized and impowered, if he or they shall think fit, to certify the state and condition of such workhouse or poorhouse, and the state of the poor therein, and of their food, cloathing and bedding, to the next quarter sessions of the peace to be held for such county, riding, liberty or division wherein such workhouse or poorhouse shall be situate, under his or their hands and seals respectively; and such justice or justices or other persons duly authorized as aforesaid shall cause the overseers of the poor, or master or governor of the said workhouse or poorhouse of such parish or place, to be summoned to appear at the same sessions to answer such complaint; and the justices assembled at such quarter sessions on hearing the parties on any such complaint shall and may and they are hereby authorized to make such orders and regulations for the removing of any cause of complained contained in such certificate as aforesaid as to them shall seem meet, and all the parties concerned shall and they are hereby required to abide by and perform such orders and regulations as shall be so made by the justices at the said sessions.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any justice or justices of the peace, or persons

If in such VI vol, XXXVII I sans fitation any

114

of the poor Should he found aflicted with contagious diseases, Sic. application to be made to the justices of the division, who are to give order for immediate relief, C

Expenses of relief to be paid out of the poor's rate.

Not to extend to workhouses regulated by act of parliament.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 50. [1790.

duly authorized by warrant as aforesaid shall upon any such visitation find any of the poor in any parish workhouse or poorhouse afflicted with any contagious or infectious disease, or in want of immediate medical or other assistance or of sufficient and proper food, or requiring separation or removal from the other poor in the said house, then and in such case or cases, if such visitation shall be made by a justice of the peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice and he is hereby directed and required to apply to one or more other justice or justices of the peace in the county, riding, liberty or division, and certify to him or them the state and condition of the poor in such parish workhouse or poorhouse, or if such visitation shall be made by the persons duly authorized as aforesaid, then and in such case or cases it shall and may be lawful to and for such persons and they are hereby directed and required to apply to two or more justices of the peace in such county, riding, liberty or division, and thereupon the said justices shall and may and they are hereby authorized to make such order for the immediate procuring medical or other assistance or of sufficient and proper food, or for the separation or removal of such poor as shall be afflicted with any contagious or infectious disease, in such manner as they the said justices under their hands and seals shall think proper to direct, until the next quarter sessions of the peace to be held in and for the said county, riding, liberty or division wherein such workhouse or poorhouse shall be situate, at which quarter sessions of the peace the said two justices are to certify the same, under their hands and seals respectively, to the justices assembled at such quarter sessions, who are hereby authorized and required to make such order for the further relief of the poor in such parish workhouse or poorhouse as to the justices assembled at such quarter sessions shall seem meet and proper; and the charges and expences of relieving such poor shall be and is hereby directed to be paid out of the poor's rate of such parish in such manner as the said justices assembled at such quarter sessions shall direct.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to any poorhouse or workhouse in any district or districts which have been, or may be hereafter incorporated or regulated by any special act or acts of parliament.

CAP. L.

An act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing of to inquire into the state and condition of the woods, forests, and land revenues belonging to the crown; and to sell or alienate fee farm, and other unimproveable rents.

a6 Geo. 3. c. 87, recited. Sir Charles Middleton baronet, John Call and John Fordyce, esqrs. of appointed, who are to be sworn. The sale of rents, where composition has not been made with the owners, Sec. not to bar his majesty's right to rents or arrears prior to such sale. Where the consideration money to be paid for rents, by the owners of land out of which they issue, shall not exceed 101, the conveyance may be on the same stamp as the receipt for the consideration money. Powers of ad6 Geo. 3. c. 87, except hereby altered, to continue in full force Trea

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 51, 52. 115

fury may order a, ooool. to be issued to the of His Majesty may appoint of to supply the place of those who may decline to act, or die. Commissioners not disqualified from sitting in parliament.

Continuance of this act to the end of the next session of parliament.

CAP. LI.

An act for diverting out of the crown the reversion in fee of and in certain hereditaments, heretofore the estate of sir Roger Strickland knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the county of York; and for vesting the same in the several persons entitled to the said hereditaments; and for extinguishing and destroying a certain term of one hundred years, for which the said hereditaments were limited in trust for his late majesty King George the First, his heirs and successors.

Mary Brathwait, by will dated Feb. 1680, devised her estates in Catterick*to sir Roger Strickland. Indenture, dated March 24, 1681. Sir Roger Strickland attainted of high treason in 1689, and died about 1717, without issue, by which event his nephew Roger Strickland came into possession of the said estates. Indenture dated July 9, 1718. Roger Strickland and his brothers levy a fine in Hilary term, 1725. Roger Strickland died about 1753, and his eldest son Roger became Entitled to the said estates, See,

Agreement for sale of part of the estate to the earl of Carlisle. Indenture dated Dec. 19, 1760. Roger Strickland died Dec. 33, 1760, without issue, his brother Robert died 1778, and his brother Simon in 1782, both unmarried, C Successors in the estate to Simon Strickland. Indentures ofleafe and release dated Feb. the 20 and 21, 1783. Recovery buffered in Trinity term, 24 Geo. 3. Indentures of lease and release June and 5,

1784. Recovery buffered in Michaelmas term, 28 Geo. 3. Indentures of lease and release, June 26 and 27, 1787. Death of Mannock Strickland.

Opinion of counsel, that on failure of issue male of the first named Robert Strickland, the crown will become entitled to the possession of the premises.

His Majesty has contented to an act to divert: the crown of the said right.

The reversion of the estate devised by Mary Brathwait, expectant on the failure of issue male of Robert Strickland, to be diverted out of the crown, and from the passing of this act vested in the persons herein named, foi the purposes herein specified. Tunstall Farm vested sin sir John Lawson, in trust under the deeds of settlement. Three sixth parts of the premises comprised in the indenture June 5, 1784, to the same ules, on the lame trusts. The other three sixth part contained in the indenture of June 26,

1787, to the use of Simon Scroope left. Simon Scroope jun. and Miles Stapleton, on the same trusts therein expressed. Term of 100 years assigned by Nevill Ridley to John Harding extinguished. General laving.

CAP. LII.

An act for improving, continuing, and extending the navigation of the river Ouse, from Lews Bridge, at the town of Lews, to Hammer Bridge, 'in the parish of Cuckfield, and to the extent of the said parish of cuck field, and also of a branch of the said river, to Shortbridge, in the parish of Fletching, in the county of Sussex.

Incorporation of a company of proprietors. Their names. The company of proprietors of the river Ouse navigation incorporated. Powers of the company of proprietors. To improve the navigation of the river Ouse, from Lews. Bridge, in the town of Lews, in the county of Sussex, through or near the several parishes of All Saints, St. John's under the castle, St.

Thomas in the clisse, Southmailing, Hamfey, Ringmer, and Barcombe, to Barcombe Mill, and to make a navigable cut from the said river through the fewer belonging to sir John Bridger, where timber is now navigated, to Offham chalk hills, in the said parish of Hamfey; and to extend the same from Barcombe, the parishes of Barcombe, Ringmer, Isfield, Newick,

Fletching, Chailey, Horsted, Keynes, Linfield, Ardingly, and Cuckfield, to Hammer Bridge, See. To appoint workmen and officers for that purpose, To alter the present banks of the river; and to make trenches, CI

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 52. [1790.

through the adjoining lands; to make bridges, locks, C To alter ways and; passages; to convey materials; and manufacture the same; to alter bridges; and dig chalk, Sec. from adjacent grounds; to make towing paths. No cut to be made through Mr. newton's farm without his consent. No works to be made below Barcombe Mill, to reduce the fall of water under nine feet six inches in depth. Locks, Sec. near Barcombe Mill to be of Hone. Compensation to be given for any cut or canal already made. No lock, Sec. to be made between mighell's New Cut and thirty yards below Hamfey Sewer. Proprietors empowered to purchase lands, and incapacitated persons to treat. Proprietors to adjust the proportion? of damages to the tenants, C Conveyances to be enrolled by the clerk of the peace and true copies to be evidence. Upon refusal to treat, sheriff or coroner to impannel and return a jury to appear before the proprietors at the time and place appointed by their warrants. Penalty on not returning a jury, a ol. lfiues to be returned on jurors not appearing. If a sufficient number of jurors do not appear, sheriff, Sec. to return tales. Justices authorised to summon witnesses; and to order the jury to view; jury to afiefs damages; whose verdict and judgement to be conclusive. Penalty on witnesses not appearing, or refuting to be sworn, or to give evidence. Produce of lands sold by bodies corporate, Sec. to be laid out in purchase of other lands, and settled to the same uses, C Verdicts and judgements of the jury to be in writing, and filed among the records of the quarter sessions, and copies to be evidence. Satisfaction being made or tendered, the proprietors may proceed on their works. Proprietors may make a survey without previous satisfaction. Purchase money and damages may be recovered from proprietors by action in any court at Westminster. If damages and costs not satisfied in four months, they may be levied by distress Satisfaction for future damages. Proprietors to pay coils, if jury give larger damages than offered; otherwise the owners of the lands to pay the same. Animal rents chargeable upon the rates. Proprietors may appoint toll gatherers. Tolls, per hundred weight of chalk, lime, dung, mould, soil, compost for land, timber, planks, firewood, corn or grain ground at Barcombe Mill, or materials for roads conveyed between Lews Bridge and Barcombe Mill, one halfpenny per mile: and for other goods, id. per mile per tonne: and for dung, Sec. carried above Barcombe Mill, id. per tonne per mile: and for other goods, id. 2q. per tonne per mile. Recovery of tolls, by actions or distress. No toll to be taken between Lews and Barcombe Mill till 500l.be laid out. To prevent impositions in collecting the tolls, no boatman, Sec. to have more than is mentioned, on penalty, not more than 5l. nor less than 40s. Vessels passing from Lews Bridge to Land Port or migheil's New Cut, exempt from toll. Application of the tolls, to expenses, and for maintaining the, navigation. Proprietors may appoint officers; who are to account upon oath. Officers refusing to account; their goods and chattels may be distrained for the sum in arrear; and for want of distress may be committed. Persons wilfully destroying works, to be punished ns felons. Penalty on obstructing the navigation, 5l. and not Id's than 40s. or commitment, for not more than a month. Company of proprietors to contribute 25, 000b to be divided into shares. The money to be divided into ihares. Shares veiled in subscribers; and made personal tftafe. Proportion of each subscriber of profits of the navigation. Every subscribrr of part to be deemed a proprietor; and may vote by proxy. General meeting of the company of proprietors. Committee to be appointed. Power to hold special meetings. Committee to be subject to the control of the general meetings. Books of accounts to be locked up. On failure of a sufficient number in the general assembly, no committee shall be appointed, but another meeting held for that purpose. Penalty on proprietors not attending the second meeting, 10s per share. General assembly to audit and settle accounts. General assembly and committee empowered to make calls, not to exceed iol. in 100l Committee to manage the affairs of the company. Proprietors to pay their calls when required; if not paid within two months, then to forfeit their shares. No forfeiture to take place, unless declared such at a general meeting. General assembly empowered to remove any of the committee or officers, or to revoke any rules, C and to make bylaws. Executors, administrators guardians C liable

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 53.

to pay calls. If a deficiency of assets or executors, Sec. shall not answer cajfs, other persons may be proprietors of the shares, on payment of the money advanced. Proprietors enabled to sell or dispose of their shares. After a call is made, no person to sell till such call is paid. Company of proprietors not to begin any works, unless io, ooool, be subscribed. A clerk to be appointed; who shall enter the proceedings in a book; and the same so entered and signed, may be admitted in evidence. Proprietors may remove the clerk. Additional rates for certain things remaining on the wharves longer than twelve months. Mailers of vessels to give an account thereof, and of their lading. Penalty on refusal, ios. per tonne on goods. Penalty on giving a false account, 20s. per tonne. Vessels to be weighed in case of any difference respecting the rates. Expenses of weighing and measuring to be paid, if the goods be of the same or greater weight by the mailer of the barge, and if less, the collector to pay all colls, C The navigation and the roads and ways open to all persons on paying the rates.

No vessel under ten tonnes, to pass through the locks, without the content of the proprietors. Proprietors rdtrained from erecting warehouses, wharves, Sec. near any capital house, or on any garden, Sec. without the content of the owners. Lords of manors, and owners of land, not to be rdtrained from creating wharves, quays, Sec. within their manors or lands, or from landing goods thereat. If such lords or owners shall not (on receiving proper notice from the company of proprietors) erect sufficient warehouses, See. the same may be done by the company of proprietors, on making satisfaction. 6d, per tonne shall be paid for wharfage. Names of the mailers to be painted on the vessels. vessels may be weighed at any time, at the expense of the company. Graduated figures to be painted on the vessels denoting their weight. Penalty for neglect. Sec. not above 5l. nor under 40s. Owners of vessels accountable for the damage done by their bargemen. Proprietors authorised to make spaces for vessels to turn or pass each other. Penalty on bargemen suffering the water to remain in any lock longer than is necessary, and not properly opening and shutting the gates of the lock, Sec. not above 5l. nor under 40s. Penalty on persons wilfully placing their vessels so as to obstruct the navigation, not above ios. nor under 5s. Vessels sunk may be weighed by the company at the expense of the owners. Penalty on persons obstructing, not above 5l. nor under 40s.; and on persons throwing rubbish into the navigation, not above 5l. nor under aos.; and on persons damaging corn, Sec. not above 5l. nor under ios. Company may demise the rates for not more than three years, by public bidding, on a month's notice in the newspapers of Sussex. Saving the rights of lords of manors, and owners of lands. Pefervation for of of sewers. The company may erect bridges, and keep them in repair, at their own charge. Company of proprietors not empowered to make erections or buildings, otherwise than for the purpose of navigation. Duties exempted from taxes. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied, to the use of the company of proprietors. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Persons giving false evidence, to be punished for perjury. Ir subscribers neglect to pay their subscriptions, they maybe sued. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Public at.

CAP. LIII.

An act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, several als made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent; and for putting certain streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the management of parochial committees, subject to the control of the of appointed by or iiv pursuance of the said several acts; and for removing and preventing nui lances, annoyances, obstructions, and incroachments in the said streets, and other places; and for other purposes.

11 Geo. 3. c. 22. Optional Streets. Optional Streets in the parish of Saint James Westminster; Bury Street, Charles Street, Panton Square, and

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 53. [1790.

Arringdown Street, Tyler Street, Vine Street, Little St. James's Street, and Thatched House Court, Paved Alley, or Little Crown Court, holborn and Middle Row, in the parishes of st.giles, and St George bloomsbury, and St. Andrew Holborne above the Barrs, and a passage called mid die Row. Management of other Optional Streets under the of For collecting arrears of rates on Optional Streets. Application thereof before March 25, 1790, as the money in the hands of the of Persons having an order from of, C may inspect poors rates. Commissioners and committees to make rates. May appoint collectors, and take security. Commencement of the first-rate March 25, 1796. Houses hereafter to be built, to be rated as other houses, C Limitation of rates in Optional Streets in Saint james's parish to two Shillings in the pound. So much of former acts as impowers of to make rates on Optional Streets, hereby transferred, repealed. For apportioning the rates on corner houses in Optional Streets in equal moieties, one in each street fronting and abutting. For an equal pound rate on Holborne by the joint committee, as they think competent. If committees neglect to make rates, of may do it. Moneys received by the collector, to be paid into the bank. Bank to pay money drawn for upon them. Collector not to retain more than iool. more than 7 days. Commissioners and committees clerks to keep account of all the receipts and payments. Empty houses shall be affieffied at one half of the full rates. under tenants, See. liable to the rates. For reimbursing the tenant, to retain what is paid. Not to affect agreements between landlords and tenants. Rates of houses let to ambaffiactors, to be paid by the landlords. Public buildings and walls, Sec. shall be affieffied, at 6d. per ann. per yard square. Persons quitting houses or premises before payment of the rates, and persons entering in such houses or premises, to be subject to the payment thereof, for the times of their occupying the same. Optional Streets accounts to be kept separate from parochial accounts. Rates may be levied by distress; or recovered by action at law. Persons aggrieved may appeal. Collectors to account on oath; in default to be committed, until true account be made, and such commitment not to discharge his securities, or abate or discontinue any action depending. Committees to transmit to of extracts of moneys affieffied in October yearly. If any clerk of the committee neglect or refute to give account, to pay 40s. for the hr ft offence, and 5]. for each subsequent one. Interest of money, and all other payments, shall be certified by the committees to the of per ions may recover money certified by the committees, unless some just cause to the contrary. Commissioners shall not be charged with more money from any parish, C than they shall have received from such parish. The of shall keep separate accounts of money received from each parish. Business of the surveyors and inspectors, to view streets as by former acts. Salaries of the of officers, and the expenses of the commission, to be paid by order of the of Former securities to be valid. For entering securities in books. Surplus of rates to be applied in reducing the debts. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Notice to be given to the persons whose bonds are to be paid off. Principal not demanded, interest to cease. Power to borrow money at lower interest, to discharge securities at a higher. Directions for repairing water pipes. Privior to water company. Penalty on his neglect, for 24 hours 40s. per clay, till relaid. Paviors to water companies to transmit their names, places of abode, and walk, to the committee. If no regular pavior, notice to be transmitted to clerk to water companies. Commissioners or committees to be reimbursed expenses of relaying pavement broken for repairing water pipes, by the treasurer or clerk of the water company. Lilt of streets to be transmitted to water companies. Bill for relaying pavements for water companies to be delivered in eight months. Property of pavements, lamp irons, materials, Sec. veiled in of and respective committees, who may hire ground for depositing materials. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps, 20s. each. Persons carelessly or accidentally breaking lamps, to make good the damage. Commissioners may alter, Scc. number and petition of lamps. Sec. or the levels, and form of pavement, Sec. Commissioners to account with the committee relating to Optional Streets, and

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 54- If

give attested copies, and the security for payment of money due, dec. Payments for subsisting contracts shall be made by the committee. When subsisting contracts expire, committees may advertise for fresh contracts', by order of the of Commissioners to advertise for contractors; and committees, with consent of commissioners, may make contracts. May be enforced by action at law. Commissioners and committees may compound with contractors for the penalties incurred, or nonperformance of contracts; and may employ workmen, carriages, and horses. Duty of contractors for cleansing the streets. Not to sweep the flop, C into any common sewer, C so as to lie within 10 feet of the grate, or 3 feet of the channel; once a week to collect dust by ringing a bell. Contractors neglecting their duty, to forfeit not more than 10s. nor less than 3s. For preventing ashes being taken by any person but the contractor for cleansing.

Powers of former acts for preventing nuisances, C repealed, and new powers granted. Hackney coaches not to stand or ply for hire in Piccadilly, between Air Street and Sackville Street. Penalty on annoyances on the foot ways, first offence 5 s. second 10s. third il. Impowering of and committees to enforce observance of building acts, so as to prevent incroachments. For regulating bow windows and other projections. Signs to be placed flat on fronts of houses. Water to be conveyed from houses in pipes. Palisadoes broke or destroyed or defective, to be repaired. Names of the streets to be wrote at or near the entrance, and houses and lamp irons to be numbered. Regulations of this act extended to the liberty of the rolls, and part of Park Lane, Piccadilly, from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, and from the south end of Park Lane to the north side of Hertford Street, in the parish of St. George Hanover Square, and Bridge Street, Lambeth, in the county of Surrey, but not to make rates on Piccadilly or Park Lane. Recovery and application of penalties.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removed by Certiorari,

Distress not unlawful. General power of appeal against penalties. Actions not tgbe commenced against of or committees, until after fourteen days notice, or tender of amends is made, nor six calendar months after cause of action. General issue. Treble costs. Costs, charges,

C to be paid out of money raised by this or former acts.

CAP. LIV.

An act for vesting the estate and property of the trustees of Westminster fish market in the marine society, for the purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing the powers of the said trustees.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the twenty

second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for making a free sugeo.3.0.49 market for the sale of fish in the city of Westminster, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned; and by the said act trustees were appointed with power to ere ft and build a fish market within the said city and certain duties were granted and made payable by allfifhermen and other persons bringing fish to the said market, and a piece of ground? situate near werminster Bridge, was conveyed to the said trustees, for the purpose of erecting and holding the said fish market; and in the ^Geo.s.c^ twenty-ninth year of his said late Majesty an act was made for rendering the first mentioned act more effectual; and by an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his said late Majesty, certain du 33 Geo. 3. C. 7 ties were granted upon all fishing vessels coming to The Nore, to be applied tovjards carrying the purposes of the said several acts into execution: and whereas the said trustees endeavoured to establish a fifi market agreeable to the directions of the said acts, but it was found impracticable to establish the same; and the design hath been abandoned several years agoy and the said.piece of ground, ivas let upon a building

14 jerst>

The money belonging to the trustees to

120 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1790.

lease, at a certain reserved annual relit of six ty five pounds, and the said trufees are now in the receipt of the said relit, and also of the duties granted to them as aforesaid and are also poss ed of the sum of four thousjndtwo hundred pounds in the three pet centum consolidated bank annuities, being the accumulated produce of the said rents and duties but the said trufees are not author fed to make any application thereof: and whereas the providing apprentices for fi/bermen^ masters of jhipsj or other persons employed in the fca /ervice, being one of the cbjedis of the said a CL of the twenty fc conned year of the reign of his late Majesty, in case the said fish market had succeeded, and there had been any surplus money to be disposed of it is expedient that the estate and property of the said trufees Should be applied in augmentation of the fund of the marine society, to be disposed of for the purposes of the said society, or in fuel? manner as is herein after directed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and are hereby authorised and required, on or before the twenty-ninth bttransterrcd ay September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to cause and paid to, the said sum of four thousand two hundred pounds three per cen anc! the turn consolidated bank annuities, belonging to the said trustees, to

w°'henvirine trans^erre^ to marine society, and also to pay, or cause to society. be palc to the said marine society, all such money as shall be in

the hands of the treasurer to the said trustees, and all other money which they shall be possessed of or entitled to by virtue of the said acts at the time of making the said transfer (after deducting the reout all charges and expenses attending the said trust); and that from and after the time of making the said transfer, all the estate, right, title, and interest, of or belonging to the said trustees, of and in the said piece of ground situate near Westminster Bridge, which piece of ground was conveyed to them by the commissioners for building ivefmirfer Bridge, by virtue of the power granted to them by the said act of the twenty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, iliail be, and are hereby vested in the said marine society; and the duties granted or made payable to the said trustees as aforesaid, by the said act of the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, shall also be, and are hereby veiled in, and shall be payable to, the said marine society; which money and other property are hereby directed to be transferred and paid to, and veiled in, the said marine society for the uses and purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to say), The said sum of four thousand two hundred pounds, and the dividends and produce thereof and the relit reserved by the said lease, and the other money aforesaid (except the produce of the said duties upon fishing vessels) shall be applied and disposed of in like manner as any other estate or money belonging to the said society is to be applied and disposed of; and the produce of the said duties upon such fishing vessels as aforesaid (after the expenses of collecting the same are deducted) shall be applied in binding apprentices to fishermen, or

The duties upon hilling vessels to be payable to the said society.

I 21

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 55.

in time of war, such produce may be applied towards fitting out boys or other persons to serve in the royal navy; and the said marine society shall have the like powers and authorities for appointing an inspevslor of the fishing vessels coming to the Note, and of obtaining payment of the said duties, as the said trustees had immediately before the passing of this at; anything in the said recited acts, or any of them, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the make The powers ing the transfer of the said four thousand two hundred pounds as aforesaid, all the powers and authorities given to or vested in the and penalties said trustees, by the said recited acts, or any of them, shall cease payable to the and determine; and that all such penalties and forfeitures, or any trustees to be part or proportion of such penalties or forfeitures, which were payable to the said trustees, or to any person on their account, by virtue of the said recited als, or any of them, shall belong to the said marine society, and shall from time to time be paid to such person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the charges and ex Expenses of pences attending the obtaining and patting of this at shall be paid out of the money belonging to the said trustees as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed Public at. and taken to be a public at; and shall be judicially taken notice

of as such, by all judges, justices, and all other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An act to enable sir William Hamilton, knight of the moult honourable order of the bath, his heirs and assigns, to make and provide quays, docks, piers, and other erections; and to establish a market, with proper roads and avenues thereto respectively, within the manor or lordship of hub berfton and Pill in the county of Pembroke,

Sir William Hamilton empowered to erect quays and buildings, and execute other works. Goods landed on the quays, to pay the same rate of wharfage as in the port of London. Penalty on throwing rubbish. See into the creek, or causing annoyances. Sir William Hamilton to appoint quay mailers. Goods may be landed at the quays to be made under this al. From such quays on the east side of Hubbcrfton Pill, as are not legal quays, fufterance goods may be shipped and landed. Proviso, if shipped, laden, or landed, and discharged, agreeable to the laws relating to the king's revenue of customs, excise, or salt duties. The quay matter's duty and powers, to station ships, and commanders refilling to obey, to forfeit 40s. Regulations for goods landed on the quays. If ships continue there above 2 days, to pay sir Wm. Hamilton is. per tonne, and the like for every 24 hours atter. If the goods landed or lying on deck be gunpowder, tar, pitch, hemp, flax, faggots, spirituous liquors, turpentine, hay, straw, tallow, or other combustible goods, and not taken away in 24 hours, to pay sir Wm. Hamilton s. per tonne for every 24 hours after. A sufficient.number of persons may be appointed to watch the quays. For every offence,

1 CL penalty. Mailers or owners of vessels made answerable for damages done by their servants and others. Disputes respecting damages or payments to quay matter, to be settled by a justice of the peace for the county of Pembroke. For punishing persons destroying or injuring the works, as felons, or may mitigate the same as in case of petty larceny. For efta blittung a market, at the Priory or Pill Farm. After market established, butchers meat and butter not to be sold in any other place within the manor. Market to be always open except on Sundays. Certain market

122 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1790.

payments on butchers meat to be made to sir William Hamilton, for cattle 8d. calyes, sheep, C 2d. Certain market payments on butter to be paid to sir William Hamilton, for every firkin, or less, one halfpenny. Penalty on sale of butter in firkins, C without its being searched and marked, 3s. 4d. Penalties in 13 and 14 Car. 2. C 26, on defective weight and false package of butter, extended to this market. This act not to extend to quantities of butter under four pound weight. For appointing a clerk of the market. For appointing a public weighing house in the market. For making bylaws respecting the markets and works to be made and established by virtue of this as. bylaws not to have effet till approved by the judges of assize or great sessions for the county of Pembroke. For setting out roads and ways. Treasury empowered to lease certain lands to sir William Hamilton. For recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the cfuarter sessions. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. General saving.

CAP. LVI.

An act to alter and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from near to Cromford Bridge, in the coninty of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a collateral cut from the said intended canal, at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said county.

29 Geo. 3. c. 74, recited. _ No more than i 20th of the water of the Derwent to be taken for the time allowed. Quantity of water flowing under Cromford Bridge to be ascertained; and none to be taken for the canal, unless 570 tonnes per minute passes under the bridge. When that quantity pafies under the bridge, a certain proportion may be taken for the canal, 1-20u1 part of the average for 48 hours; viz. from every Thursday afternoon till every Saturday afternoon. Cromford sough, and Bonsall brook, if diverted into the Derwent, below Cromford Bridge, or into another channel, to be deemed part of the water at Cromford Bridge. Mode of ascertaining the quantity of water in Cromford sough and Bonsall brook, to be measured on a certain day in 1790, and a certificate of the average quantity, by the engineer, to be recorded at the first general quarter sessions in 1791, to be signed by the clerk of the peace, to be evidence of the same. Manner of taking water from the Derwent at four places on the ground belonging to the Cromford Canal company only, on the surface or at the fides of the canal, and not at the bottom thereof. Water of the foughs running into the Derwent, not to be aiminiflied by means of the canal. No water to be taken into the canal from, mines westward of the tunnel, except at the places and times mentioned. Weirs to be made westward of the tunnel three inches lower than the weirs on the summit level eastward of the tunnel, so that all the waste water may flow into the Derwent. Back drains to be made to the canal westward of the tunnel, in all places found to leak, so that such leakage water be conveyed into Derwent, or streams belonging. Bed of the river at Cromford Bridge to be made level before any water taken for the canal. Persons interested in the Derwent, to have access to the places where water shall be taken into the canal. An engineer to be appointed to examine the quantity of water taken from the Derwent, See. An engineer to be appointed by justices at the sessions, and to take the oath, C Owners of mills and works on the Derwent may appoint agents to inspetft the taking the water. Engineers and agents to be paid by the Cromford Canal company. Verdicts of juries may be removed by Certiprari. If Cromford Canal company become unable to make good damages, the power of diverting the water of the Derwent to cease. Erewash Canal company may open shut tles of the locks on the Cromford Canal, See. And may open locks when boats loaded pass from a higher to a lower level of the Cromford Canal, Times of holding general assemblies varied, as they shall appoint. Manner of appointing committees varied, nine persons each, and five to act. Sir

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 57. 123

[Public act.]

Richard Arkwright to be entitled to lead mines discovered in his lands. Darley weirs may be raised in certain cases to the height of twelve inches above the level they now are placed, making a compensation to the proprietor for damages.

CAP. lvii.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk.

Trustees. Trustees empowered to make the navigation of the river gip pen from Stowupland Bridge to two furlongs below Hanford Bridge; and a navigable cut to join the Orwell; to scour the Orwell to Stoke Bridge, and the common quay at Ipswich, C to dig and cut banks of the rivers; to ered bridges, See. Stones or polls marked, to denote distances; and other works; to alter, repair, and amend the works; to divert, alter, and enlarge ways, bridges, C and do other necessary works; to take lands adjoining or near the rivers; making satisfaction for damages. This act an indemnity to trustees. No wharf, See. to be made between bof mere Mill and Hanford Bridge; or house, C to be taken, without consent of owners and occupiers, except certain gardens, See. in the parish of Stowmarket. No lock to be made so as to damage any mill, See. Breadth of the rivers, cuts, and towing paths; rivers to be not above 18 yards, except where cuts above 3 feet above surface of water, and there ao yards Bodies politic, C empowered to sell lands. Lands separated into small parcels may be exchanged or sold. Contracts declared valid, and to be enrolled with clerk of the peace. Copies to be evidence. Commissioners appointed for determining differences, who may ascertain damages to be done to lands, Scc. If trustees or others are dissatisfied with determinations of of, or proprietors, Sec. shall refuse tender of satisfaction, jury to be summoned. Jury to assess damages, and turns or annual relit to be paid. Commissioners to give judgement. Witness to be paid for expenses, trouble, and loss of time. Expenses of jury and inquest, if they give more than previously offered, to be paid by trustees, if less, by the party. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint. Penalty on giving false evidence, perjury. Verdicts, See. to be recorded, and transmitted to the clerk of the peace, and kept among records. On payment or security for sums or annual rents, trustees may take and life lands.

This act an indemnity for so doing. Commissioners to settle proportions to the several persons interested. Application of the purchase money belonging to corporations, C to the persons entitled to the premises. Annual rents charged upon the rates; and if not paid, of may appoint a collector of the rates. Trustees empowered to sell land not uied for the purposes of; the act. Towing paths to be separated from the adjoining lands and bridges, Sec. by the trustees. Watering places for cattle.

Banks to be made against rivers and cuts. At fords rendered impassable, bridges, C to be made; and to be maintained by trustees. In default thereof, the same may be done by land owners, who shall be repaid the expense by the trustees. If the water be raised, the banks to be proportionably raised. Stones to be setup, and the height of the water marked thereon. Overfalls to be made. Rates of tonnage to be collected. For corn, hops, Hone, timber, and other goods (except coal), id. per tonne per mile: for coal, one halfpenny per tonne per mile. Commissioners empowered to increase the rates of tonnage. Rates of wharfage as the of shall appoint, and the order for the same to be kept amongst the records of quarter sessions, and advertised in newspapers Vessels of less burden than 35 tonnes lading to be charged as having 35 tonnes. Manure exempted from rates, unless the of direct to the contrary, and then to be subject to same rates as coal. What quantity of timber shall be deemed a tonne; viz. 40 cubic feet of oak, ash, elm, or beech timber, and 50 cubic feet of sir, or deal baulk, poplar, or birch, not cut into scantlings, to be deemed a tonne weight. Recovery of fates. Trustees may reduce the rates.

Rates not to be altered until after three months notice. Rates not to be leased. Mailers of boats to give account of lading. In case of difference concerning

124 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 58. [1790.

ing weight, collectors may weigh vessels. Weight of the lading to be marked on the vessels. Navigation to be free, upon payment of the rates Power to compel payment of money subscribed to be lent. Rates to be assigned for securing such money. Power to raise a further sum of 14, 3001. at interest, or by granting annuities. Securities may be transferred. If the trustees borrow a further sum than subscribed, a preference shall be given to the subscribers. Application of the money, to pay annuities, principal and interest. Mortgages may be paid off by lot, if the trustees think, fit. If more money be borrowed than the sum subscribed, the subscribers not to be paid off till the other money be discharged, unless they deftre it. When mortgages and annuities are paid oft', rates to be reduced. Lords of manors and land owners may ered warehouses, con their lands; and may take the like rates as taken by the trustees. Commissioners im powered to fix the rates of freight and porterage. Trustees, in their private capacity, not to be concerned in carrying goods for hire, without content of of Trustees may, with content of the of, carry goods for hire. Boats to be gauged. Penalty on floating timber, overloading boats, or not ihutting drawbridges; or throwing ballast into the river, 40s. and on obstructing the navigation, 5 s. an hour. Penalty on opening locks, See. 5l. and not lets than 40 s. Damage done by the boats or crews to be made good. Punishing persons wilfully de itroying works, guilty of petty larceny. Trustees may make rules for regulating the navigation. Millers authorised to let off the water for repairing their flood gates or sluices. Rivers not to be under the power of of of sewers. Right of lords of manors to fisheries reserved. Penalty on carrying fishing tackle on board any boats, 5l. Land owners may uie boats free of the rates, in certain cases. If boats laden, to pay for ten tonne. Trustees empowered to extend the navigation above stow upland Bridge. Appointment of trustees upon vacancies by the of Meeting of the trustees within live miles of the navigation. Trustees may appoint officers; and shall take security from their treasurer and collectors. Victuallers not to hold places of profit under the act. Officers to account. Penalty on refusal, may be committed to gaol. Accounts and proceedings of trustees to be entered, and accounts to be annually audited by the of In whose name actions may be brought. Trustees in their private capacities, not liable to any debts, Sec. Commissioners to take an oath. Meetings of the of of may hold meetings upon emergencies. Meetings to determine disputes, C Commissioners to appoint a clerk. Proceedings of the of to be entered. Commissioners may act as justices. No justice or commissioner to act where interested, or holding a place of profit under the act. Penalty on trustees and of acting, not being qualified. Recovery of forfeitures. Distress not deemed unlawful for want of form. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Rights of the corpo* tien of Ipswich saved.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for draining, dividing, and enclosing certain moors, commons, or waste lands, called Edington, otherwise Burtle Moor, East Heath, West Heath, and Clyde Batch, within the hamlet of Edington, and parish of Moorlinch, in the county of Somerset.

Commissioners, Thomas Davies, Samuel Kingdon, and John Silke. New of, in the room of any of them dying, or refusing to ad', to be elected in one month. Commissioners not to be interested. Commissioners to take an oath. The oath. Allowance to of Regulations for of meetings. Notice of meeting. encroach ments made within 20 years to be deemed part of the moors. commissioners to perambulate. Claims affecting the boundaries. Time of delivering in claims. Claims not objected to the 2d, 3d, or 4th meeting of of, to be allowed, and final. Claims objected to, to be examined into by of Notice of trial to be given, and allotments iuipended. On neglect to proceed to trial; of to determine.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 59 — 6r.

Penalty on witnesses not attending, commitment to gaol for 6 months. Penalty for giving false evidence, same as perjury. Draining powers into the river Brue, in S'omersetshire. Satisfaction for damages done to private property. Survey to be made. Roads 40 feet broad. Appointment of surveyor to repair roads. Parish roads, Sec. to continue. For enabling of to borrow money. Allotments for sale to defray expenses. Application of overplus moneys, to be laid out in lasting improvements. Commissioners to account. Allotment in lieu of soil equal to one twentieth part of the lands undisposed of Allotment of residue of moor equally. Allotment for turbary rights on West Heath to be adequate to right. Allotments to be in bar of right of common. Regulation of the life of copyhold or leasehold allotments. Repair of rhines, ditches, and other fences. Power to exchange mefluagee, farms, Sec. Wills, Sec, not to be prejudiced. Leases at rack relit, Sec. to be vacated. Award. Appeal to sessions. Saving rights of lords of manors. General saving. publick act.

CAP. LIX.

An act for more effectually embanking the marsh called Malldraeth and Corfddaugau, in the county of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the same, and the enclosed lowlands contiguous thereto. — See 28 Geo. 3. c. 71.

[Public act.]

Preamble recites act 28 Geo. 3. Power to make a further rate upon the marsh, and also a rate upon such enclosed lands as will be benefited by the embankment and drainage of the marsh. Commissioners empowered to enter upon the enclosed lands, to ascertain improved value. Expenses of the act.

CAP. LX.

An act for effectually carrying into execution two acts, of the sixteenth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Stourbridge navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley canal navigations, in the counties of Worcester and Stafford.

[Public act.]

16 Geo. 3. c. 66. 25 Geo. 3. c. 87. Power to raise io, iool. upon the new proprietors. Power to recover subscriptions by action at law. Proprietors may hold 35 hares. If fractions of shares be assigned to trustees, they may act as proprietors. Interest to be paid to the new proprietor? at 5 percent. When the extension is complete, a further sum may be borrowed, and the rates assigned as a security. Form of assignment. Assignments may be transferred. Form of transfer. Interest to be paid prior to dividends. Power to open communications with coal and other mines near the canal. Clause in the 16 Geo. 3. restraining the making reservoirs on Penlent Chase, or on the louth east side of a boundary leading from Knowle Brook House, in the parish of Dudley, repealed. Expenses of the act.

CAP. LXI.

An act for authorising and enabling the right honourable George earl of Mount Edgcumbe, and Reginald Pole Carew esquire, to establish and maintain a common ferry over and across the river Tamer, between a certain place north of Plymouth Dock, in the parish of Stoke Damarel, in the county of Devon, and Torpoint, in the parish of Antony Saint Jacob, otherwise Antony in the East, in the county of Cornwall.

The earl of Mount Edgcumbe and Reginald Pole Carew esq; authorised to establish a ferry, as mentioned in the title of the act, and to remove obstructions, Sec. Passengers in the ferry to pay the following tolls: for foot passengers each id. — Horses, mules, or asses, laden or unladen, 2d. — Carriages drawn by one horse, cis. 6d. — By 2 horses, 2s. 6d. — By 4 horses, 5 s. — For an hearse, 10 s. 6d. — For carts drawn by 1 or 2 horses, is. 6d. — By 3 or horses, 5s. — By cattle each, with person attending, 6d.

126 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 62. [1790.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

- For a calf, and do, ad. — For a hog do, ad. — For a score fhcep, rid. — For a score hounds, 5d. — An hogshead of beer, or other liquor, 6d. — Other goods, per tonne, 6d. — Corn and grain, per bag, 1-2d. — Hampers, pots, or crooks, per pair 1-2 d. — To pay double on Sunday. Power of distress. Ferry not to ply before four in the morning, and after ten at night, between March 24, and Sept. 29; and before six in the morning, and eight in the evening, between Sept. 28, and March 25. Penalty for defrauding the ferry, 20s. Exception in favour of the office of ordnance. Penalty on sinking or damaging any boat or vessel, C besides damage, 5l. and not less than 20s. Matters and owners answerable for damage done to ships, casts to be deemed wilful and negligent injuring ferry boat. Persons not to obstruct the ferry. No person liable to damages for landing at other than the regular landing places. Ferry boats may ply at' North Corner. Property, cof the ferry vested in the earl of Mount Edgcumbe and Mr. Carew. Ferry not to be rated. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form, C Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Saving the rights of the prince of Wales. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXII.

An act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and widening the streets, lanes, and passages; for removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances; and for regulating the porters and drivers of carts, within the borough of Truro, and part of the adjoining parishes in the county of Cornwall.

Meeting of the of: to defray their own expenses. When of the new ones to be chosen. Number of of not to be less than 60. Qualification of of, 20l. per ann. or 500l Oath. Commissioners may act as justices. Proceedings of the of to be entered in proper books to be kept for that purpose. Commissioners to appoint officers, and required to take security from their treasurer. Property of the pavements, C vested in the of, who may order the streets to be paved, cleansed, and lighted. Power to get materials. Penalty on obstructing the works, 20s. Pavement not to be altered without the consent of the of, or 7 of them. Power to provide lamps. Penalty on accidentally damaging lamps, C to pay damage. Commissioners are empowered to contrast for paving, cleansing and lighting the streets. Surveyors to inspect the works. Scavengers duty. Inhabitants to sweep the pavement before their houses. No person to carry away any soil, except the scavengers. Persons at liberty to keep or dispose of for their own use, dung, C made or kept in their houses or yards. Penalty not to extend to rubbish occasioned by erecting or repairing any building. Scavengers may lodge dirt in vacant places in the street, with the of consent Regulations touching the emptying of bog houses. Penalty on eaufing annoyancevs in the streets, 10s. besides other penalties by law. No carriage to be left in the street. Commissioners may remove nuisances and annoyances. Power to take down the bow windows now erected. Expense of moving signs, Sec. to be paid by the owners. Houses, Scc. to be built or new fronted, to be made to rise perpendicularly. Nuisances to be removed. Limiting the number of herfes drawing on the new pavements, same as turnpikes, and wheels regulated. Names of the streets to be setup, and the houses to be numbered. For regulating the porters and carmen, and the carriages to be used by them. Commissioners authorised to lay assessments for defraying the expenses attending the execution of the act, not above is. 6d. per pound. Buildings not subject to be afiefled while unoccupied. Power to recover the assessments by distress and sale. Commissioners empowered to borrow money upon the credit of the rates, not exceeding i, ooool. Money borrowed on the fates to be charged with interest on the rates. Application of the moneys raised for payment of mcney borrowed with interell, and then for repairs, C Commissioners to cause their account to be Hated annually. Surplus money to be placed in a banker's hands.

Coitt

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 63, 64. 127

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Commissioners not personally answerable for contracts, C The ad: not to discharge the of from payment of the rates. No action to be discontinued on account of the death of the treasurer. Directing the recovery and application of penalties. Inhabitants may give evidence. Inhabitants discharged from Statute work when streets are new paved. Jurisdiction of the mayor, Sec. extended to Kenwyn, Calenick, and Clement Streets. May treat for the purchase of houses, See. Incapacitated persons empowered to sell and convey. If such persons refuse to treat, See. a jury to be summoned. Jurors may be challenged. Verdict of jury, Sec. to be binding, and to be registered. Sheriff, Sec. neglecting his duty, may be fined iol. Compensation for premises held for life or long terms of years. On payment of purchase money, premises to be conveyed; on default thereof, or if any dispute in the title, the purchase money to be placed out for the use of the persons entitled thereto. Purchase money for premises in settlement to be laid out to the like uses. Market house and Middle Row to be pulled down, and laid into Fore Street. Market that may be built to be considered as a public market. County rates to continue to be raised in Kenwyn, Calenick, and Clement Streets. Right of the corporation to hold fairs reserved. Appeal to the quarter sessions. Persons distraining not to be deemed trespassers on account of defect in proceedings. No plaintiff to recover after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for preserving the works made for supplying the town of Bradford, in the county of York, and part of the township of Horton, in the parish of Bradford aforesaid, with water; and for the more easy recovery of the rents for the said water, and to enable the proprietors thereof to borrow money for the improving such works.

From the spring at North Bierley. Proprietors incorporated by the name of The Company of Proprietors of Bradford Works. For laying the water into houses in Bradford and Horton. Pavement injured by laying down pipes, to be made good. No pipe to be affixed, Sec. without the consent of the proprietors. For ascertaining the rents to be paid for water. Houses under 3l. per ann. as. — above 3l. and not 61. per aim. 6s. — of iol. per ann. los. — under 15l. per ann. 15s. — above 15l. and not more than 20l. per ann. il. — above aol. per ann. il. 5s. — Inn of iol. per ann. il — do of 15l. per ann. il. 10s. — do of aol. per ann. al. — above aol. per ann. 3l. Brewers and other trades to be charged additional rents for water. Occupiers of houses under 3l. to pay no more than as. Persons paying water rents. Sec. not to gain settlements. Penalty on persons taking water, not having agreed with the proprietors for it. Pipes may be taken away from persons not paying the relit, or letting the water run waste. In case of lire, water may be taken without making any fati stuff ion. For recovery of water rents not paid when due and demanded. Water rents exempt from all taxes or rates. Rents to be divided among proprietors, Sec. Punishing persons damaging or destroying works, to forfeit 20s. and not under 5s. Informations, Sec. to be before one justice. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Form of conviction. Appeal to quarter sessions. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Act not to affedf agreements made with owners of lands through which the water is conveyed. The proprietors empowered to borrow 2, 000k; and to assign the waterworks as a security. Form of assignment. Grants and assignments to be entered with the clerk; and may be transferred. Form of transfer. Interest to be paid, half yearly. General saving. Public act

CAP. LXIV.

An act for establishing a chapel at Ramsgate, in the parish of Saint Laurence, in the Isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent, aa a chapel of ease to the church of the same parish.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 65. [1796.

[Public act.]

Ground and chapel veiled in Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fagg, and Mr. Holman $ upon trust to be used as a chapel of eaie to the church of St. Laurence. Chapel to be for ever a chapel of ease to the church of St. Laurence. A curate to be licensed to officiate in the chapel. Trustees to nominate a temporary curate during a vacancy in the curacy of the chapel. Curate made liable to the penalties of non rdidence. His duty described, to read, prayers twice every Sunday, and to administer the faerament as the law requires, and read prayers every Wednesday and Friday from Lent to Michaelmas, and all saints days, and preach twice every Sunday, except on sacrament days. Trustees to make allowance to the curate out of the profits to be made by letting out pews. Clerk, and servants of the chapel, to be appointed. Trustees to make profit by letting out the pews, and to keep the chapel in repair. Trustees to receive the rents of pews, upon trust to keep the chapel in repair, and to divide the remainder in stated proportions. New trustees to be elected, in case of vacancy by death, or otherwise. Trustees to be answerable for their own acts. Exemption from parochial rates Legal estate of the ground and chapel to defeend to heirs, according to common-law. Saving the rights of the archbishop and archdeacon of Canterbury, and of the vicar and parish clerk of St. Laurence. General saying.

CAP. LXV.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the line of the said canal navigation; and tq raise a further sum of money for the purpose of com pleating the said canal navigation; and for other purposes.

Act 10 Geo. 3. c. 114. for making the Leeds and Liverpool canal from Leeds Bridge through the township of Leeds, and through the several townships, parishes and hamlets of Holbeck, Wortley, Armley, bram lay, Calverley, Ecclesall, idle, Shipley, Bingley, Morton, Silfden, kild wick, Farnell, Bradley, skipt^n, Sterton, Thorlby, Gargrave, Bank Newton, Marton, Coats, Barnolfwick, and Salterford, in the county of York, and Foulridge, Coin, Marfden, New Laund, Filley Close, Padiham, Simonstone, Read, Whalley, Billington, Salisbury, Clayton, Ofbaldifton, Balderstone, Samlfbuy, Cuerdale, Walton, Cuerden, Farrington, Leyland, Dlnefwalton, Eccleston, Mawdefley, Bifpham, Wrightington, Parbold, Newburgh, Latham, Burscough, Scarifbrick, Halfal, Down Holland, ly diate, Aughton, Maghull, Melling, Aintree, Netherton, Ford, Litherland, Bootle and Kirkdale, in the county of Lancaster, to the North lady's Walk, in the town or port of Liverpool, 'and from thence to communicate with the river Mersey. And for completing the said navigation, the company might raise 260, 0001. and if not sufficient 6o, ocol. more. 23 Geo. 3. c. 47. for incorporating the river Douglas navigation with the Leeds and Liverpool. Proprietors empowered to make a deviation from the original line, and to complete the canal from Marfden, Pendle Forest, Tghtenhill Park, Gowthorp otherwise Gawthorp, Padiham, Hapton, Altham, Clayton, and Harwood otherwise Great Harwood, until the same shall communicate with the original intended canal at Nab or Banks Wood, in the township of Great Harwood. Company may enter lands for that purpose; and may erect buildings, and do other works. Breadth of the canal and towing path at Dean Clough in Harwood, not above 170 yards in breadth. Powers of former acts to extend to the deviation hereby authorised to be made. Company not to endt any other buildings, or do any other acts than what they are authorised to do by the former acts. Two parts of the plan and book of reference to he certified by the speaker. Canal to be made pursuant to the plan and book of reference. Names of land owners not being in the book of reference, to be no prejudice in making canal. Water not to be taken out of the river Air, nor out of the streams flowing into the said river above Gargrave bridge. After the head level of the canal is navigable. Howden brook to be turned into the river Air. Water not to be taken out of the river Ribble. Company not to take any water into the deviating cut from the river Henburn. Company not to

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 67.

[Public act.]

take any water that flows to Martholme mill. The company to make and repair bridges, See. The company liable to be indicted at common-law, for not making (tone bridges over the canal; or for not keeping bridges, 8zc. in repair. The justices at sessions, in certain cases, to determine what bridge shall be made. Liberty to place trunks and tunnels in Rufford. Company not to be liable to damage, after trunks placed between Sollom and rufford locks, in case flood gates are kept shut. Directions relative to laying tunnels. Power for the company to raise a further sum of aoo, ooool. for completing the canal, and to assign tolls as a security. No preference to be given in respect of the priority of any money lent. Securities to be entered in books, and may be transferred. Interest shall be paid half yearly. Limitation of the sum to be raised in ad 23 Geo. 3. repealed. Directing what shall be done on alienation of shares by marriage or death, to pass by will or ad ministration. When and where the general assembly of the proprietors shall be held in Lancashire, the third Friday in September yearly. So much of a clause in 23 Geo. 3. as relates to the advertising the letting or altering the tolls, repealed; and another notice thereof to be given. Tonnage per mile on coals got in Lancashire and brought into Yorkshire, to be the same as upon those which come down the Bradford navigation. Appointment of a committee clerk on the Lancashire side; reservation of rights of the corporation of Liverpool.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for paving, and otherwise improving, the city and towrdhip of Peterborough.

Commissioners. Penalty for acting not being qualified. Power to provide lamps. Proviso for holding fairs and markets. Not to extend to Minder Close, nor to pave Boongate, See. Trustees of certain estates liable to pave and light certain parts of the city, to pay a composition in lieu thereof, oif 5 ool. Turnpikes maybe erected. One across the road from Stilton to Peterborough Bridge, over the river Nene, at the junction 'with the road from Oundle to the said bridge; another turnpike across the road from Lincoln to Peterborough, at the north end of Boroughbury Lane, with a side bar across the lane, leading to Crawthorn Hill; another across Westgate, near the workhouse; another across Cowgate, and another in Peterborough, across Boongate, between Swan (pool and the common pound. Tolls; coaches drawn by 3 or more horses, pd. — % horses, 6d. — 1 horse, 3d. — wagons by 6 or more horses, 8d. — under 6 horses, 3d. — carts, ad. — horses laden, id. — not laden, aq. — oxen, C per score, 5d. — sheep, See. ad. Recovery of tolls. Tolls payable once a clay. Persons changing horses, cor flopping all night, not subject to pay toll a second time. Exemption, going to or returning" from fairs in the city, or at Fletton, inhabitants of the parish of St. John Baptist, Peterborough, or of Minfler Close, or for carriages in husbandry, cor poor, or army on march, or mail carriages, or expresses. Power to compound for the tolls.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, lanes, ways, and public passages and places, within the city of Durham, and borough of Framwelgate, and the suburbs thereof, and streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said streets, lanes, ways, and public passages and places; and for regulating and improving the markets within the said city and suburbs.

Commissioners names. Qualification of of, a real estate of 2.0l. per ann. and personal ot 5ool. Commissioners to be sworn. First and other meetings of of, on June 24, at the guildhall or toll booth, and after in the city or suburbs, as any 7 shall appoint. Chairman to be VOL. XXXVII K deded

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1790.

elected annually: to have a calling vote. For eleding another chairman when requisite, by 7 of For choosing new of, 7 may chuff another. Commissioner not to vote in such cases, unless he has acted within twelve months. Commissioners being justices may ad as such. Appointment of officers by 7 of For compelling payment of the rates, and obliging officers to account. Officers neglecting to account may be sued; justices may commit them. For appointing temporary collectors. Collectors dying, or becoming bankrupt, executors, Sec. to account. Officers not to take any fees or rewards, except as allowed by act, nor be concerned in any bargain or contract. Proceedings to be entered in books. Office of surveyor, where no roads, to cease. Treasurer to pay money. Rates, not more than 8d. in the pound annually, from May 12, 1790. One half of rate to be allowed by landlord to tenant. Only one moiety of the rate to be paid by persons not rated to the poor. Regulations relative to certain occupiers in Croffgate, Framwelgate, and Elvet barony and borough, in the parishes of St. Oswald, and St. Giles, and farmers of lands, C Lands not to be rated for the purposes of this act, but houses only. Tenants to pay the rates. Assessors to be appointed. Jf afteffiors neglect to levy the rates properly, of may do it. Rates to be allowed by of For recovery of rates in case of removal of occupiers, may be levied on the owner by distress and sale. Rates to be paid by tenants quitting and entering, to be paid in proportion to the time each occupied, and in case of disputes, to be settled by 7 of Persons aggrieved by rates may apply to of For augmenting the fund, of may collect the following tolls; coaches with 6 horses, is. 6d. — 4 horses, is. — 3 horses, 6d. — 2 horses, 4d. 1 horse ad. — wagons with 8 horses, is. 4d. — 6 horses, is. — other carriages with horses, See. 6d. — 3 horses, 4<1. — 2 horses, 3d. — 1 horse, 2d. — empty wagons, 4d. — horses, C not drawing, aq. — cattle per score, 3d. calyes, swine, Sec. per score, id. 2q. and they may appoint persons to coiled them, within the streets; or of may ered toll gates or turnpikes; two on the great north road. Toll gates, See. vested in the of; who may bring actions against persons injuring the same. Exemptions from toll, poll, mail carriages, or expresses, or carriages laden with coals, lime, manure, corn in the straw, hay, or materials of agriculture, milk, cattle going to or from pasture occupied by inhabitants of Durham or Framwelgate; wagons carrying goods to Newcastle, or Stockton, or Sunderland, or where toll hath been paid. Tolls to be paid but once a day. When all debts' are paid, C the tolls to cease. Power to demise the tolls. Commissioners may borrow money. Money may be borrowed on annuities. Notice to be given of the intention to borrow money. Securities for money lent, and annuities, may be transferred. Securities to be entered in a book. Money raised vested in the commis fieners for the purposes of the ad. Commissioners empowered to purchase house9, Sec. Notice to be given in a newspaper of meeting to purchase houses, Sec. Three months notice to be given to owners, C For making satisfaction to owners of houses which shall be damaged. Power to sell houses, Sec. To ascertain value, cof houses, buildings, and grounds, by a jury. Warrant to summon jury, Sec. Challenge of jurymen. Penalty on ffieriff not returning jury, Sec. 5l. Penalty on jurymen, 10s. Fees to the sheriff and jurymen, as. 6d. per day. Expense of the jury, cis to be paid, if verdict for more than offered, by order of the of, but if for less, by the owner. Upon payment of the purchase money conveyances to be executed. Payment being made, of may enter into possession. Owners, Sec. may compel purchase of the whole house, Sec. Money payable to bodies corporate, C to be in vested in purchase of other estates. Misnomers, or wrong description in the schedule, not to prevent the execution of the ad. Commissioners empowered to sell ground not wanted for the purposes of the ad. Pavements, sewers, and drains, vested in the of Commissioners may order streets, Sec. to be paved, and sewers and drains to be made. Commissioners may contract with persons for paving, See. Surveyors to insped works. Power to dig gravel and get materials. Penalty of interrupting workmen, for the first offence, aos. — second, 30s. — third, 40s. Pavements

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. C

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

ments not to be altered without consent of of Branches into drains not to be made without leave. Private drains to be repaired. Sec. under the inspection of the surveyor, at owner's expense. Persons liable to repair any part of the said streets to remain so. Commissioners may compound with persons for work to be by them done. Differences about repairs to be settled at the session. Foot pavements to be swept 3 times a week, feet from the house, (Sundays excepted) on penalty of 5s. for every neglect. Contractors to cleanse the other parts of streets, Sec. No person to carry away soil but contractor. Persons at liberty to keep or dispose of dung made or kept in their houses, yards, Sec. Penalty not to extend to rubbish, C occasioned by building. Penalty on breaking lamps, not above 20s. nor under 10s. To prevent nuisances, not to kill or cut up beasts or swine in the streets, on penalty of 10s. bdides other penalties by law. Commissioners may take down signs. Penalty for making certain nuisances, 5l. and power to remove the same. For preventing carts, C Handing irt the streets, Sec. No wheelbarrow to be rolled on the foot pavements C To prevent accidents by driving carriages, penalty ios. Power to compound penalties by 7 of Power to appoint watchmen. Sec. who may act as constables. Watchmen not to gain settlements by appointment. General power to levy penalties. Application. Limitation of recovering penalties, one calendar month. of may sue or be sued in the name of their clerk. No action to be brought but by order of ten of For regulating the sale of corn, not to be sold five in the market place, or in houses or shops of dealers. Act not to prejudice the right of any person to demand toll cn corn, Sec. within the limits thereof. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Appeal against rates and penalties to the sessions. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Notice to be given before commencing actions. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for the better supplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with water; and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the streets and other places within the said town and neighbourhood, and removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein.

Commissioners of the waterworks appointed. Manner of appointing the succeeding of in the vestry of the parish church of St. Peter, and 13 inhabitants to be of Commissioners incorporated. Meetings of the of annually, on Wednesday after nominated, and may act. Commissioners to appoint officers. Commissioners im powered to purchase or erect works, lay pipes, Sec. The of to make good the pavement, and level the ground. Corporations, Sec. empowered to sell. In default of agreeing, the value of the premises to be ascertained by a jury; whose verdict shall be final. Upon payment of purchase money, parties to convey. No fire engine to be erected within the bishop of briftofs lands, or above bondman's Dam. Mr. sagar's right to Pittfall Mills, not to be affected. Present waterworks to become vested in the of, upon making compensation. Restrictions respecting John Pate neville's property, the pipes from the river Air, to be 40 yards distance, and not to aftedt the tenters upon his ground or roads thereto. Sec. and if damage done, the of to amend the same on a month's notice, or he to cause the same to bve done at the expense of the of The power of purchasing lands, not to extend to the king's Mills or Flaycrow Mills, or the property of John Pate Nevile. Nothing to be done to the injury of the king's Mills, and Flaycrow Mill. The interest of the present occupier of the wood mill at Pittfall not to be affected, without his consent. Purchase money belonging to corporations. Sec. to be laid out in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses. Commissioners may sell lands, Sec. not necessary for the purposes of the act. Inhabitants empowered to lay pipes to communicate with those

132

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 69. [1790.

[Public act.]

laid by the of Such perform to give 2 days previous notice to surveyors of the highways, and to pay him 4d. per square yard broken up, and if no notice given, penalty 5s. Power to take and use the water in cases of fire. Penalty on obstructing the works, 5l. and not less than 5s. one moiety to the treasurer for the works, and the other to the informer. Commissioners may make rates on the second Saturday in May yearly. No person to be rated, but such as give notice to be supplied with water. Rates to be signed by of, and confirmed by two justices. Recovery of rates after 10 days demand, by warrant of 2 justices, by distress and tale of goods Brewers, distillers, See. to pay an additional rate, to be fixed by the of Poor persons exempt from rates, for relit under 58s. per ann. and may take water from the public cisterns in the town. Power to borrow money, and to assign the works, See. as a security. Securities may be transferred. Application of the money. Rates, Sec. to be made exempt from taxes, C Proceedings of the of to be entered. Accounts of the of to be closed at the end of every year. Commissioners may act as justices. aft 28 Geo. 2. c. 41. for lighting the streets, cof the said town, recited. Provisions of that act extended to such parts of the town as are not comprised therein, and to the neighbourhood. Signs, Sec. projecting into the streets, to be removed. Penalty on occasioning annoyances in the streets, or within 1,000 yards of the bars, 20s. for every offence. Water spouts regulated, to come within 6 inches of the ground, penalty 5s. per week. Power to cause the streets to be ckanfed. Recovery of penalties by distress, to be redeemed in 5 days, or sold, and if not sufficient distress, 2 justices to commit offenders. Penalties to go one moiety to the informer, and the other to the poor of Leeds. Inhabitants deemed competent witnesses. Appeal to the quarter sessions. Limitation of actions on 30 days notice, and within months to be laid in the county of York. General issue. Treble costs. Rights of the corporation saved. Pxpences of the act to be paid out of constables rate.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for pulling down the church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the county of Middlesex, and for building a new church, and making a new church yard, or cemetry, in the said parish, with convenient avenues and passages thereto; and for purchasing Pentonville chapel, and making the same a chapel of ease to the said church.

28 Geo. 3. c. 10. Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the act. Trustees empowered to purchase certain premises to enlarge the church yard, and the usual clauses relating to such purchases. The legal estate of premises vested in the trustees. Purchase moneys to be paid out of the bank, upon application to the court of chancery by the parties intilied, to be laid out in other purchases; in the mean time dividends to be paid to the parties intituled, Money agreed for may be paid. Trustees impow ered to purchase Pentonville chapel and burial ground. Leafefor 21 years at 40l. per ann. renewable every 21 years; purchased at 5, ooool. Trustees to give 50 bonds for look each, with interest at percent. The bishop of London to consecrate the lame, and the parish to renew the lease, securing to Mr. Penton certain pews, No. 39, 40, and 41 in the west gallery, in the chapel, and a vault under the same. To convey to trustees one acre f ground in the parish of St. Mary 111ington, at the northwest end of Winchester Strett. Clerk of the chapel to pay to the clerk of the church a proportion of the fees. Trustees may sell the vaults under the church and chapel, and may demise premises purchased under the former and this act. Trustees may sell such premises as are found to be unnecessary for the purposes of the act. Trustees may raise a further sum, not exceeding i3, ooool. Apportioning the rates between persons removing from, and persons coming into any house, Sec, Allowances to the vestry clerk; 20l.

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 70, 71.

and to collector iol. Trustees to pay balances due to the churchwardens. Legal estates of premises left in trust for the parish to be diverted out of the heirs at law, Sec. and verted in the trustees. Powers of the former at (not altered by this act) extended to this act. Expenses of the act to be paid. Public at.

CAP. LXX.

An act to amend an act of the last session of parliament, for providing an additional burial ground for the parish of Saint james/Westminster, and erecting a chapel adjoining thereto, and also a house for the residence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

[Public act.]

129 Geo. 3. c. 47. Trustees may remove the reader, preacher, and officers. Additional trustees. Bishop of London, visitor. If the money to be raised by the former act is inefficient, the deficiency to be made up out of the church rate. Trustees impowered to charge the church rates and the pews with the money to be borrowed. Power to raise all or part of the money by granting annuities at iol. percent. Annuities may be transferred. The manner of disposing of the overplus, varied as the vestry shall direct. How the chapel, cis to be built, according to a plan. Expenses of the ad.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for taking down the church and tower belonging to the parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, and for building another church and tower for the use of the said parish, and for making an additional cemetry or church yard.

Trustees. If trustees die, or refuse, or become disabled to ad, new trustees to be appointed by the parishioners. Qualification of trustees, rated at 30l. per ann. Not to ad where interested. Meeting clauses as usual. All acts done by five trustees to be valid. Proceedings to be entered. Trustees in the commission of the peace may ad asjustice6. Treasurer, C appointed. Actions in the name of treasurer. Power to trustees to purchase land in Church Field, for the icite of the new church and the additional burying ground, containing 6 acres, i rood, and perches. To Thomas Rider and Mary Rider, 800l. and to Richard Benyon, and Peter Beauvoir, 1751. Purchase moneys to be paid out of the moneys to be raised under this act. Tenants to quit on three months notice. New church to be built, and additional church yard provided. New church not to be begun building until a plan, estimate, Sec. shall have been formed and approved of Residue of the said close or field may be let. Old church, C to he taken down, and materials sold, and such part of the feite of the old church as may not be built upon to remain as consecrated ground. Power for trustees to enclose the old chancel. Building in the old church yard to be taken down. Church to be completed within three years. Name of new church and church yard, the parish church and church yard of St. John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex; divine service, matrimony, baptisms, burials, Sec. to be performed by the rector, vicar, or curate, in the old church and church yard. Old church yard to remain as such. Rights of the rest or, and right of presentation, preserved. Church and church yard to be vested in trustees. Allotment of pews to the vicar and churchwardens. Dues and duties payable at the old church, such and the same to be paid and received at the new church. Pews or seats may be let to schools. Monuments to be taken down; and placed in the feite of the old, or in the new church. Marquis of downshire's chapel and vault to remain on its present feite, and to be made good out of the money raised, as by agreement with the trustees. No burials in the new church; nor within twenty feet of the walls. Right of rector in new chanoel, and may be used by him. affidtment for rate to be made for raising money to answer the purposes of the act, not above jd. per pound. Bates payable quarterly. Tenants to pay the whole, and deduct half out

134 Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1790.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

of the relit. Rates how to be levied where houses are let to several families, Scc. to he paid by the landlord. Saving to landlords. Persons to pay only for the time occupying. Empty houses not to be rated. Not to affect agreements between landlords ami tenants. Payment of the rate not to gain a settlement Money lost by insolvency or otherwise, new rate to be made. Recovery of rates. Summons by a justice, and on nonpayment to be levied with costs by distress and sale. For recovery of rates from persons quitting the premises, rated on the parish. Power to sue for rates, penalties, and fines. Persons aggrieved by the rate may appeal to the trustees. Money to be raised by annuities, or at 5 percent, interest. Trustees to raise any fiun not exceeding 12, 5001. Money to be raised on the credit of the act. Annuities how charged and paid, out of the rates. Receipts and orders for payment of annuities to be given. Annuities al signable. Annuities how recoverable, in 3 months, with interest and costs; and if not paid in 20 days, annuitant to have the same power as the trustees. Books to be kept of annuities, See. Separate account to be kept of rates. All receipts, payments, and minutes of contracts, See. to be entered in a book. See. Collectors to account; and pay the money in their hands over to the trustees. Collectors, See. neglecting to account, may be committed. Treasurer, collector, C dying or becoming a bankrupt, executors or assignees to pay the money. Costs of this act to be paid. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered and applied to the purposes of this act. Proceedings not to be vacated for want of form. General appeal to quarter sessions. Limitation of actions, after 21 days notice, within three months, and to be tried in Middlesex.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for taking down the church, chanoel, and tower belonging to the parish of Banbury, in the county of Oxford, and for rebuilding the same.

Trustees, the mayor, aldermen, capital burgess, assistant, and town clerk of Banbury, the vicar, churchwardens and others. If trustees die, or refuse to act, new ones to be appointed by ten trustees. Five trustees may act. Proceedings to be entered in a book, and signed by the clerk; Qualification of trustees (except the mayor, Sec. and subscribers for 5 ot.), unless rated to the poor at 10l. per ann. Meeting clauses as usual. Clerk, treasurer, C to be appointed by the trustees. Rates to be made on all inhabitants in the parish (except the lands, C part of the prebend of Banbury, vested in the bishop of Oxford, and his lessee, and the glebe lands and allotment for tithes in Banbury tything, and part of Spital Farm, and the first vesture of part of North Meadow, the property of Francis Eyre, and houses and lands of the vicar of Banbury) in any sum not exceeding 3s. 6d. per pound per ann. according to the church rates; and the money arising vested in the trustees for the purposes of this act, and to be collected by the churchwardens in their respective districts, and paid into the hands of the treasurer, and take place from Aug. 1, 1790. Rates may continue in force for several years, as long as any money borrowed is owing. Tenants to pay the whole, and deduct naif the rates out of the relit. Not to affect agreements. Rates where houses are let to several families to be paid by the landlord. Recovery of rates in 14 days, on demand in writing, and subject to distress and sale of goods, by warrant of 2 justices for the borough of Banbury, or the counties of Oxford or Northampton, rendering the overplus to the owner, after deducting charges. Power to lue for rates above 20l. in courts at Westminster. Power to borrow money by the trustees, and to allign the rates as a security. Form of alignment. Money to be raised by annuities. Form of grant. Manner of transferring securities. Form of transfer. Churchwardens and collectors to account, C Collectors, C neglecting to account, may be committed. Church estates to be sold towards the purposes of the act. Chancel to be taken down. New church, chanoel, and tower tq be erected. Directions respecting taking down monuments. Allotment of pew to the mayor aldermen, and capital burgesses,

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 73.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

and the town clerk and their sergeants at mace, and also to the bishop of Oxford, or his lessees, and the vicar of the said parish; and for women coming to be churched, and for schools, and for persons repairing the church, and those subscribing iol. or upwards, for taking down and rebuilding the church, chanoel, and tower; and the trustees may sell the rest, or let them, and the rents to go towards defraying the expense, and in aid of the rates. Allotments to subscribers to be in daffies. Pews to be numbered. Subscriptions to be transferrable. Banns may be published, C previous to building the church, by the vicar or curate, to be in any place appointed (with approbation of the vicar) for public worship, till the church is finished. Remedy for recovery of subscriptions as trustees shall direct, by action in courts at Westminster. Application of moneys raised, first to charges of this act, and after in taking down the present church, C and in erecting a new one, and paying debt and interest, and for an allowance to the organist, clerk, and sexton, as trustees think fit. Appeal to quarter sessions. Limitation of actions after 14 days notice, in 6 months in the county where the cause of action shall arise.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for forming a junction between the Forth and Clyde navigation and the Monkland navigation; and for altering, enlarging, and explaining several former acts passed for making and maintaining the said navigations.

Act 8 Geo. 3. c. 63. Act 10 Geo. 3. c. 105. Powers to form a junction between the two canals. Powers of former acts continued for that purpose. Powers of the former act extended to the collateral cut. To convey water into the Monkland canal, and to use the same as an aqueduct. Monkland canal to be kept in repair by the proprietors. Ascertaining the tonnage of ships passing without unloading. Officers to give a copy of the cocket, transire, let pass, or other clearance, upon being paid for the same. Ascertaining the quantity of goods on board vessels, and for laying a penalty on persons producing false manifests, treble the amount of the tolls. How vessels may pass at reduced rates; the company may reduce the tolls for goods carried on the canal without going through a lock, and to increase the tolls not above 2d. per mile on vessels passing Short distances and through locks. Duty of tonnage laid on vessels for uling the basin and wharves: British vessels, per tonne, id. foreign vessels, per tonne, 2d. timber, per tonne, 2d. per month. Goods above 24 hours on the wharves, per tonne, id. per day. Powers given by the former acts for regulating birthing of vessels, See. extended to basons now made or hereafter to be erected. Company empowered to regulate persons on land employed in the towing of vessels. Tolls may be leased. Power to plant trees, and to use land unoccupied by the canal or towing paths. Former acts continued in force, 8 Geo. 3. c. 63. 11 Geo. 3. c. 62. 13 Geo. 3. c. 104.

[Public act.]

4 Geo. 3. c. 59. & 27 Geo. 3. c. 55. New powers to continue and complete the Monkland canal to the river Calder. Powers in former acts continued. Powers to raise money, not exceeding io, ooool. Tolls to be levied, not above id. sterling per mile for coals, stones, timber, dung, fuel, and other goods. Powers of former act to levy tolls extended to the Monkland navigation. Exemptions from tolls shall be allowed; for lime, and limestone to pay only i 4th, iron stone 1-2; paving stones, gravel, and other materials for repairing roads (lime stone excepted), and also dung, soil, marie, and all sorts of manure for land, not to be charged with any rates, provided there do not pass through any lock, only when the waters of Monkland are discharging at the point of partition. Powers to lessen rates upon the whole or any part of the canal. Goods passing less than a mile, to pay tonnage for a mile. Goods, See remaining beyond 24 hours on the wharves, to pay wharfage dues. For reducing the number of the committee of management of the Monkland canal to three, and not to exceed nine. Power to plant trees on the banks of the canal. Powers of former act continued (except where the same are altered, or inconsistent, or repugnant to this act).

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 74, 75. [1790.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to alter and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the effectual draining and preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the county of Cambridge; and to establish an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the commoners within the said manor.

[Public act.]

Ad 14 Geo. 2. c. 24. Agreement that Joyft Fen shoul 1 be cleared of cattle from Candlemas day to March 25, yearly, hories excepted; mid lott, or Midload fen, from Candlemas to my 1; for each common the owner might feed 15 milched cows, or dry neat cattle, and 8 sheep, or 10 cows, and 5 mares or geldings, and to abate a cow for every colt of one year old, and 3 weanling calves of the ift year deemed as one cow; and for every commons to be kept one bull, from May 1, to October 10; and for every beast fed contrary, the owner to forfeit 10 s. to the lord of the manor, for every offence, to be levied by distress and sale, and the agreement to be valid. New regulations as to the (locking of Joyft Fen and Midlott. Joyft Fen to be cleared of all cattle (except horses) from candlemas day old style, to April 20, yearly, and of sheep from candlemas day old style, to November 20; and Midlott cleared of cattle from candlemas day old style, to May 12, and of all dry cattle (except weanling calves under one year old) from candlemas day old style, to Aug. 12, and sheep from candlemas day old style, to December 31. New regular tien as to the (locking of commonable lands, to feed 12 milched cows or dry neat cattle, and mares or geldings, and 8 sheep, and one cow for every yearling colt or silly, and 3 weanling calves of the ift year deemed as a cow, and one yearling neat beast the like; for every 8 commons to be kept one bull, from May 11, to November 10. Regulations for mowing all the bouts and little hollows of the commonable or fen grounds, and the management of the other parts. For scouring ditches and mowing thirties on the residue of the commons (except The Back Ditch). That four fifths of the occupiers of the commons may, from time to time, make regulations for the ute of and enjoyment thereof. Every occupier of a common to have a vote. Penalty on persons depasturing cattle contrary to the regulation, instead of penalty by former act, to pay 20 s. for each bead fed thereon, and may distrain such cattle, and detain them 5 days; and if such penalty and costs be not then paid, to sell, and one moiety of penalty to go to the lord of the manor, for his own use, and the other moiety to he retained by the ftnreeves, and applied towards expenses of the annual drift. Payment for cattle beyond the allowed (lint, without wikul default of the owner, to pay the fenreeves 4d. per head. For driving the commonable waste and fen grounds. Account of the number of cattle found on the drift to be given annually to the vicar of Waterbeach. Occupiers of commons depasturing other people's cattle shall be deemed the owners, C For paying the expenses of the ad. Where owners reside out of the pariftt of Waterbeach, their proportion to be paid by the tenants, who shall dedud it out of their relit. Powers of former act, unless where altered by this act, confirmed.

CAP. LXXV.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire canal navigation to improve the navigation of the river Severn, from Stourport, in the county of Worcester, to a place called Disglis, near the city of Worcester.

Ad 6 Geo. 3. p. 94. by which the company of proprietors of the Stafford Shire and Worcestershire canal navigation were incorporated, and the navigation of the river Severn is affected by shoals, from the said canal at Stourport to Diglis near Worcester. staffordshire and Worcestershire carjal company enabled tp improve the navigation of the river. Company

l37

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 76.

[Public act.]

[Double costs.]

[General issue.]

not to make locks or weirs. Paying the expenses of passing the act, and carrying the same into execution. Power for company to raise a further sum of x2, ooool. by alignment of their rates. Form of alignment. Afr signments may be transferred. Form of transfer. Interest to be paid half yearly. For making satisfaction for damage done in improving the river. The company to maintain the works, so that they shall not be a prejudice to navigation. If satisfaction for damages not paid, of to levy it and, costs, by distress and sale. Penalty on persons obstructing works, to forfeit 20s. at discretion of the j office. River not to be under the of of fevvers. Recovery of penalties, offenders may be committed to common gaol for 3 months, if penalty not paid, to go to the company of proprietors for the purpofts of the act. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Form of conviction. Appeal to quarter fdlions. Limitation of actions, 3 months.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for forming and keeping in repair the streets, and other public passages and places, within a certain district in the parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same.

Henry Holland entitled to a large piece of ground in the parish of St. Luke in Cheli'ea, for a long term of years, under Charles Sloane, lord Cadogan Welbore Else, and Christopher Doyley esq; on the south side of the village of Knightsbridge, fronting to north, partly on the highroad leading through Knightsbridge, partly on the Swan inn yard, and land of Wm. Brown esq; and towards the south on White Lion Street; and bounded in part, on the east, by a rivulet or water creek, encompassing great part of the said ground on the call side, and on the west, on lands of Wm. Buffinell, and others, and contains 89 acres; and the said H. Holland hath made a carriage way, called Sloane Street, from Knightsbridge; and it would be beneficial to pave the said streets. Qualification of of 30l. per ann. land, or occupier rated at 30l. or possessed of 2, 0001. personal estate. The oath. Meetings of the of; clauses as usual. restriction as to revoking orders not to be altered, unless more of attend than before. Proceedings of the of to be entered in a book, and signed by a commissioner. Officers to be appointed by of Officers to account. Penalty on neglect, commitment to the house of correction for 3 months, Sec. Property of pavements, Sec. veiled in of Commissioners to cause the streets to be repaired, C Inhabitants to form, Sec. the streets, in the first instance. Lamps to be setup. Commissioners may contract for performing the works. Incroachments to be removed. Penalty on occasioning nuisances, for every offence, 5 s. Penalty on leaving carriages, See. in the streets, 5 s. each offence. Hoards, See. may be erected. Watchmen to be appointed by of Duty of watchmen, the same as other watchmen, and to secure suspicious persons, and persons for assaulting or refilling watchmen, penalty 5l. and victuallers permitting watchmen on duty to remain in their houses, to forfeit 20 s. each offence. Power to water the streets. Annual sum to be paid to the surveyors of the highways for the parish, in lieu of the highway rate, 4l. on Sept. 29, yearly. The streets and highways within the limits of the act to be repaired distinct from the other parts of the parish. Money to be raised by a rate of 2s. 6d. in the pound on houses and gardens, and is. in the pound on other land, according to the poors rate, from June 24, 1790, to be paid to the treasurer. Empty houses to be charged with half rates. Proportion of rates to be paid by persons removing. Recovery of rates by distress and sale. Landlords to bear so mufeh of the fate as shall exceed 2s. in the pound. Commissioners may borrow money, and assign the rates as a security. Form of assignment. Money may be raised by annuities at 101, percent, per ann. Form of grant. Security may be transferred. Form of transfer. Application of the money. Recovery of penalties, by warrant.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 77. [1790.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

rant, to commit to gaol for three months. Inhabitants may give evidence. Appeal to general or quarter sessions on 5 days notice, in months. Limitation of actions, on 31 days notice, in 3 months.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the city of Coventry, and the suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for regulating the public wells and pumps within the said city and suburbs

3 Geo. 3. c. 41. Former ad repealed. Commissioners appointed, the mayor of the city and others. Election of new of upon vacancies. Qualification of of to be appointed in future. Lands, See, 20l. per ann. personal, 400l. Commissioners not to ad if interested; may act as justices. Meetings of the of Notice of meetings. Proceedings of the of to be done at meetings, and the majority at meetings (not being less than five) may ad. Proceedings to be entered in a book signed by the of Commissioners to appoint officers; and to take security from their treasurer. Officers to account. On failure of accounting, C to be committed. Pavement, materials, See. vested in the of Commissioners to cause the streets to be paved, See. Wells and pumps to be regulated. Commissioners to cause lamps to be provided. No person to carry away soil, except con trador. Inhabitants may keep dung, C for their own use. Penalty on wilfully breaking lamps, or damaging the works, 40s. for each offence. Penalty on breaking lamps negligently or accidentally, to pay damage. Commissioners may contract for performing any of the works. Penalty on causing annoyances in the streets, each offence 20s. (except stalls in the women's market place, on market or fair days, and the crofic heaping, for elections of members to parliament). Penalty on carriages, See. left in the streets, 20s. for each offence, (except the butchers rows). No swine to be kept or slaughtered within the city. Time of emptying necessary houses directed. Commissioners may remove projections. See. Spouts and gutters of buildings not to project. Posts, steps, rails, palisades, C to be removed. Notice to be given to occupiers before removing of projections. See, Commissioners may permit occupiers to remove projections, C and allow them the expenses. Not to extend to rubbish occasioned by building. Owners of water pipes may take up the pavement to repair the pipes. Commissioners empowered to contract for the purchase of houses, C Persons interested empowered to sell. Purchase money belonging to corporations, Sec, to be laid out in purchase of other estates. Commissioners to cause buildings, C to be taken down; and the ground to be laid into the streets. Regulation of the watch (as usual). Rates to be made by afieflors to be appointed by the of, not above is. 6d. in the pound. Rates on divided houses. Public buildings to be rated. By whom rates for public buildings shall be paid, by the proper officer. al fessors empowered to insped, See. vicars rates. Rates to be examined and confirmed by the of Assessors and collectors to obey of orders. Recovery of rates, by distress and sale of goods, by warrant. Collectors to collect arrears of former rates, and to pay the money to the of No collector to serve more than once in five years. St. Michael and St. John deemed one parish. Exemptions from rates, gardens and orchards, in the city for fruit, C for sale, lands and empty houses, flock in trade, money, and personal estate. Rates apportioned between occupiers quitting and coming into the premises. Power to mitigate rates, where rents do not exceed 3l. a year. Rates not to be less than is. 6d. in the pound, unless the creditors content. Appeals against rates to the quarter sessions. No alteration in rates, but where over or underrated. Three days notice of the time of appeal. Inhabitants paying the rates, discharged from repairs of the streets. Commissioners may borrow money, and assign the rates as a security. Form of

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 78, 79. 139

assignment. Money may be raised by annuities at 10l. percent. Form of grant. Notice to be given of borrowing money. Securities 'may be transferred. Form of transfer. Application of the money arising by rates, to paving streets, cleansing wells and pumps, paying annuities, and money borrowed. Limits of the ad ascertained. Suburbs to comprise Warwick Row, and buildings near Bishop Street, fronting the foutli wall of Coventry canal, also the Priory and miller's Alley. Accounts to be made up annually. Actions may be brought in the name of the treasurer or clerk.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Affirmation of Quakers to be admitted. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied, by distress and sale, and if not paid, may be committed for 3 months. Commissioners may compound for penalties. General appeal to the quarter sessions. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Justices may mitigate penalties. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to continue an act made in the sixth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act to regulate the loading of ships with coals, in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made, in the sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the loading of ships 6 Geo.3 ca, with coals, in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland \ which said recited. aft was continued, and the term thereof enlarged, by another at, passed in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty entitled., An act to con i3geo.3. c. 22. tinue an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the loading of Ships with coals, in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland: and whereas by another act passed in the twenty feeond year of the reign of his said Majesty, intituled An act aageo.3 0.34, to revive and continue an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the loading of Ships with coals in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland; the said act of the sixth year of his said Majesty's reign was revived, and continued in full force and effet, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and from thence to the end of the then nextfejfon of parliament: and whereas the further continuance of the said act of the sixth year of his said Majesty will be of great public utility; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act of The said act the sixth year of his present majesty's reign shall be, and is hereof the ttl. by continued in full force and effect until the twenty-fifth day of 3^contl' March one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, and from March 35, thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, 1797,

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for rebuilding the parish church of East Grinstead, in the county of Sussex.

Church to be rebuilt. Trustees. Meetings of trustees. Notice to be given of meetings. Treasurer and other officers to be appointed by the trustees. Trustees to allot pews to the pariffiioners, having legal titles thereto. truste.cs may build the church by contract. Trustees may make

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1790.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

rates, not above is. in the pound. Rates to be paid by landlord and tenant. Tenants paying rates for landlords may deduct the same out of the relit. Collectors to account. Rates to be levied in case of refusal or neglect to pay them, by dicti efs and sale. Persons quitting their houses without paying the rates may be followed. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Collectors may inspect poor rates, and land tax assessments. Trustees may raise money by sale of annuities, or by mortgaging the rates, not to exceed 4, 000l. Names of annuitants and of lenders of money upon the rates to be entered in books. Annuities exempt from taxes. Annuities may be assigned. Rates may be assigned for money borrowed. Form of alignment. Old materials vested in the trustees, to be disposed of for the purposes of the act. Accounts to be kept. Election of new trustees, by the remaining trustees. Trustees having any contract disabled from acting. Expenses of the act to be paid out of the money arising. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Tender of amends may be made for any trespass. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for providing a workhouse for, and for the better relief and employment of the poor of, the parish of Streatham, in the county of Surrey; and for appointing an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the said parish.

42 guardians of the poor appointed, besides the lord of the manor of Tooting Beck, and of the manor of Leigham, in the parish of Streatham, and the rector, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor of the said parish, to be trustees for the workhouse. Election of new guardians. The lords of Tooting Beck, and Leigham, and the rector of Streatham, to be guardians for life. Five to be a quorum of the guardians. Meetings of guardians. Guardians to defray their own expenses at meetings, C Occasional meetings. A chairman to be chosen. bylaws may be made; to be entered in a book with other proceedings. No bye-law, See. to be repealed, unless by a greater number than made it. Guardians not to act while holding any office or contract. Guardians to sue and be sued in the name of their treasurer. Officers. For raising money, not exceeding 4>ooool. in the whole, by annuities for life, at iol. percent. Money raised how to be charged, on the poors rates. Annuities, C assignable. Workhouse to be provided. Guardians may make contracts. Contracts, See. to be entered in a book. Churchwardens, See. to answer the treasurer's drafts. For appointing an additional overseer; salary not to exceed iool. per ann.; his continuance in office for a year, and manner of appointing successors, by guardians. Oath to be taken by the additional overseer; his power, the same as other overseers. One of the churchwardens to be treasurer to receive from the collector, and to pay to the additional overseer. Accounts to be audited. Penalty on overseers not collecting rates. Overseers to pay the money collected to the treasurer. Money left to charitable uses to be applied by guardians according to the will of the donor. Additional overseer may be dismissed for neglect of duty. For protecting the additional overseer in the execution of his office, justices may inquire into any complaint, and may puniffi the party offending, by fine not above 40s. nor less than 10s. to be applied to the use of the poor. Additional overseer not to furnish anything for the poor, on penalty of iol. and not less than 40s. Poor to be set to work, on misbehaviour may be put to hard labour for 30 days, and subject to moderate correction. Workhouse, furniture, See. vested in the guardians. Penalty on buying, C clothes, &c. furnished for the poor, 5l. and not less than 40s. One or more of the guardians to act when the additional overseer is absent, Sec. Punishment of poor misbehaving themselves, abatement of diet, distinction of drcfs, and by solitary confinement. Encouragement to be given to the industrious poor, out of their earnings. Guardians to grant certificates; and take bonds for the maintenance of bastard children. Children taken in to be

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 81.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

apprenticed Children may be discharged or hired out. Poor may be employed in harvest work. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Recovery and application of penalties, by distress and sale of goods, by warrant gratis, and oaths gratis, and in default of distress, imprisonment, with an appeal to the quarter sessions. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Form of conviction. Paying expenses of the act. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for providing a new poor house for, and for the better relief and government of the poor of, the township of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster.

[Public act.]

Churchwardens and overseers to put the act in execution. First meeting. Adjournment of meetings. Churchwardens and overseers to be sworn. Oath. Monthly meetings. Business of monthly meetings. Quarterly meetings. Business of quarterly meetings. Special meetings. Churchwardens, C to defray their own expenses. Present poor house vested in churchwardens, C Power to sell the same. Purchasers not answerable for the money paid. Governors and other officers. Clergyman. Allowances to officers. Form of Appointment. Visitors. Churchwardens, Sec. may purchase lands, not more than two acres of land in the township of Manchester, or within two miles thereof. Poor house to be provided. Exempted from taxes. Incapacitated persons enabled to convey. Money paid for such lands, C to be laid out in other lands, C to be settled to the same uses. Tenant at will, or for a year, to deliver up premises on six months notice. On default, the sheriff to deliver possession. Proviso relative to lands purchased not in the township, to be deemed as if therein, whilst used as a poor house. Churchwardens, Sec. may contract for building and furnishing poor houses. Notice of meeting for contracts. Contracts, See. to be entered in books. Churchwardens, C not to contract, or serve the poor house with provisions, on penalty of 40l. Property in the furniture, See. vested in the churchwardens, Sec. Actions respecting the property to be brought by the churchwardens. No abatement of actions by death of churchwardens, Sec. Inhabitants and poor may be competent witnesses. Churchwardens, Sec. enabled to borrow money, in sums not less than 50l. nor more than iool. at as low interest as can be got, and to assign the rates as a security. Form of assignment. No priority in payments. Churchwardens may grant annuities. No annuity to be granted to persons under 45 years old, at 9l. percent, under 50 years, at iol. percent, under 60, at 12l. percent. Form of grant. Annuities to be paid out of rates. Securities transferable. Form of transfer. Securities to be entered in a book. Power to borrow a further sum, as may be wanted. Payment of the principal, at the rate of 5l. for every iool. No preference in payments. Churchwardens and' overseers may make rules. Sec. Rules to be confirmed by two justices. Notice to be given before any meetings of the parishioners. Order to be delivered on admission into the poor house. Poor, Sec. may be punished for misbehaviour. Penalty on persons taking in pawn clothes or materials, to forfeit not more than 10j. nor less than 40s.; a moiety to the informer, the other for the purpose of this act. In default of payment, to be levied on their goods. If no distress, may be committed for % months. Poor, Sec. may be employed. Children provided for. Children apprenticed. Justices may order relief to persons out of the poor house. Idle or disorderly persons to be punished. justices may appoint additional overseers. Form of conviction. Poor laws in force. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Appeals not to suspend payment of rates. Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of form. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Expenses of this act how to be paid.

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 82. [1790.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr tid vile, to and through a place called The Bank, near the town of Cardiff", in the county of Glamorgan.

Company of proprietors, 73. Their powers, to make a canal, from Merthyr Tidvile through the parishes of Lanvabon, Eglwyfilan, Whitchurch, Llandaff, and St. John, and St. Mary in Cardiff, through the Bank, to be supplied by all the brooks, C within 2, 000 yards. Power to make inclined planes. No road or foot path to be made on the west side of the canal at Cardiff castle, C Lord plymouth's mills and ironworks not to be injured by taking water from the Tass river. The extent of the dam on the aqueduct not less in crown than 40 feet. Restrictions respecting the line of the canal at Melin Griffith, through the lands of Harford & Co. at Melin Griffith, as near the hill as may be, and not above 12 feet wide, for 100 yards above the bridge over Tass to the upper end of the garden ground belonging to Melin Griffith works. A weir at the side of the canal, Which the proprietors of the works are to repair. Restrictions respecting Pentyrch works between the Brook at Nantgarw turnpike and the said weir. Where carriage roads are injured, C others to be made. No house, C to be injured. Width of the canal and towing paths, 26 yards in breadth, and in lbme places 60 yards, except on commons, C Corporations, Sec. empowered to sell lands for the purposes of the act. Mines found in lands purchased for the canal to belong to the sellers. Commissioners qualifications, real estates in the county of Glamorgan, iool. per ann. or personal 2, ooool« If parties are diffktisfied with determination of of, a jury to be summoned. Expenses of jury. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint. Verdicts, Sec. to be recorded. Application of the purchase money belonging to corporations, C Commissioners to settle proportions. Sec. Annual rents charged upon the rates. Proprietors may raise 6o, ooool. to carry on the work. Money to be divided into 600 shares, and to be deemed personal estate. If that sum is not sufficient, more may be raised by calls upon themselves, 30, 0001. by calls. Navigation and rates may be assignea. Form of alignment. Assignments may be transferred. Form of transfer. Proprietors to receive 5l. per centum, till Canal is finished. Interest upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends. Subscribers to have a vote for every share. Form of the appointment of a proxy. General assemblies for choosing committees, the ift. Wednesday in June in every year. Committees subject to control of general assembly. Persons in office, disqualified from serving on committees. Accounts to be kept by committees. General assemblies to consist of 300 shares. Other powers of general assemblies. Proprietors not answering calls, subject to a penalty, or forfeiture of their shares. Shares not forfeited without personal notice. Company may remove members of the committee; and make bye lawk. On the death of proprietors before share completed, executors may'do it. Shares niay be disposed of After a call, no share to be sold till the money paid. Form of conveyance of shares. Company to appoint officers. Proceedings of the of to be entered. Rates may be collected. Rates, for stone, iron, timber, goods, wares, and merchandise, (except iron stone, iron ore, coal, lime stone, lime, and all kinds of manure) not above 3d. per tonne per mile, and in proportion for greater or less: for iron stone, iron ore, coal, lime stone, lime, and manure, 2d. per tonne per mile. Ships passing the lock at the Bank to be charged with one penny per tonne. Recovery of rates. Payment for wharfage for certain articles. Proprietors may alter rates. Profits not to exceed 81. per centum per annum. Master of boats to give account of particulars of fading. What quantity of timber shall be deemed a tonne, 40 feet of oak, aih, elm, or beech, and 50 feet of sir or deal baulk, poplar or birch, not cut into scantlings. In case of difference concerning weight, collector6 may weigh vessels. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Masters accountable for damage done by the crew. Navigation to be free upon payment of tolls. For fencing off tow

1790.] Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 83.

ing paths, and making bridges, Sec. In case company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, Sec. land owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, See. made by the company are inefficient, land owners may make others. Company may cleanle the adjoining watercourse at the land owners expense. Power to make rail ways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cuts. Such cuts not to be made without consent of owners of lands. Lords of manors and land owners may ere warehouses, Sec. on their lands. If lords of manors neglect to ere warehouses, See. the of may do it. Regulations as to private wharves, to pay id. per tonne. Committee to regulate the navigation. Penalty on persons overloading and obstructing the navigation. Penalty on opening locks, See. Punishing persons wilfully destroying works, as felons guilty of petit larceny. Canal not to be subject to of of sewers. How proprietors shall be taxed for purchased lands. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fishery reserved. Penalty on unqualified persons on board having nets. Owners and occupiers of lands may use pleasure and husbandry boats free of the rates. Commissioners to be sworn. The oath. Commissioners may a as justices; not where interested, Sec. Notice of of meeting. General meeting of of Special meeting of the of No meeting to determine disputes, Sec. but within five miles of the canal. To compel payment of subscriptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of a#ions. General issue. Treble costs. The like rates to be paid for ships coming into the basin, as if they came into the port of Cardiff. Public a.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for impowering persons navigating boats, barges, and other vessels, in the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, to hale or tow with horses, or other beasts, on the banks or sea walls of the f iidriver; and for making satisfaction to the owners of the said banks or sea walls.

93 of, 5 to be a quorum. Meetings appointed, the ift. Wednesday in May, yearly. For calling meetings in case no adjournment shall have been made. Commissioners to raise money by tolls for satisfying land owners, and other expenses of the a. Ascertaining the tolls, to be paid d for coals or cinders per chaldron, Lynn measure; lime per chaldron; half hundred of deals, spars, or baulks; battens, laths, half deals, pipe staves, or pailing, per hundred, fir timber, per load, 50 feet to the load, caliper measure; oak timber, 40 feet to the load, 3 wainfeot logs, 2 mahogany logs, 500 bricks, 500 tiles, a pipes of wine, a puncheons of rum, a pieces of brandy or geneva, 8 packs of wool, ten tods to the pack, half a last of wheat, rye, peas, beans, barley, rapeseed, linseed, colefeed, mustard seed, or hemp leed; oats, barley, or bigg, per last; reed, sedge, hay, flax, or hemp, per load, ao hundred weight to the load; a dozen of flag stones, a thousand turves, and ao feet of stone, and all other goods, per tonne weight, haled by horses between king's Lynn and Denver Sluice. Table of tolls to be hung up. Watermen to give account of cargoes to colle#ors. colle#ors, treasurers, Sec. to be appointed. colle#ors to give constant attendance. For towing between Salters Load and Denver Sluice only, to pay id. Persons paying tolls to receive tickets of officers, Sec. Punishment for trespasses, to forfeit 20s. and not less than 5s. or one month's imprisonment. Land owners not to seize horses. One horse only to tow from one line. See. except from St. german's Bridge to cam's Gool; and from the style north of lubbock's9acres in Wiggenhall, as far as his message; and from patrick's Style, north of Chadd's 6 acres, to the north side of Polver Gool; and from pleftow's Bank, in skinner's Drain, to the south end of edgar's Bank, and from the bridge of Wiggenhall to 30 yards beyond chadd's Style, also from pleftow's message, to the ift. jetty, and from the ift. style at bell's house, to a place opposite the workhouse, and from bell's marfti, to vernon's land, and from Holme Gool to the south end of Holme town bank; and from lady harris's Style, to opposite crabb's Abbey,

Anno regni tricesimo Georgii III. c. 83. [1790.

[Proviso.]

[Publick act.]

from all which places to tow with horses, See. only the violence of the flood or ebb of tide, or stress of weather, shall render it necessary. Regulating the manner of towing, for 30 chaldrons, or tonnes, one horse; to 60 inelusive, two horses; 60 to 90, three horses; 90 to no, four horses. No towing on counter Ihores. Not to tow with more than two lighters abreast. Not to hale upon or fasten vessels to bridges. owner's names, See. to be painted on boats. A ring to be painted around the malts. Owners of barges, C made answerable for damages done by their servants, Scc. Appointment of new of Not to disqualify any of the three Bedford Level of, Sec. Distribution of the money to be paid for satisfaction to land owners. Residuum or surplus of tolls to be applied in aid of future tolls. For auditing the accounts. Land owners in each district to appoint a person to receive their share for them. Styles on banks not to exceed three feet, Scc. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. In case the course of river changes, like compensation for new banks, Scc. Recovery of penalties. Fines, forfeitures, chow to be applied, towards satisfying land owners Limitation of actions to six months, Sec. General ifiiie. Treble costs. Ad not to affect the power of of of sewers.

[Index Removed.]

