The

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parhame.t of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq.

Reader of the Law Ledure to that Honourable Society*

VOL. XLII.

CAMBRIDGE,

PRINTED BY JOHN BURGES PRINTER TO THE UNIVERSITY;

(By Afiignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst,)

FOR J. JOHNSON, IN ST. PAUL’S CHURCH-YARD, G, G. $1 J. ROBINSON, IN PATER-NOSTER ROW, AND D. OGILVY & SON, NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON.' 1799.

tattttes at £arge,

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. Regis

Being the THIRD Sesho. of the Eighteenth Parhame.t of Great Britain.

VOL. XLII. PART I.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punillimen. of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty’s foroes, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

Cap. 5. To continue, until the expiration of one month after the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, an aft, passed in the last session of parhame.t, chapter sixty.fix, videlicet. On the twenty-firs. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, intituled. An a51 for empowering bis Majefiy for^a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his military foroes.in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer them-selve. to be employ.d.in Ireland.

Cap. 6. To enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax; and to explain and amend an aft, made in the last: section of parhame.t* intituled, An act for making perpetual\ subject to redemption and pur chas. in the manner therein fated, the fever al sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 7. For railing the sum. of three miilion. by way of annuities.

Cap. 8. For extending the time allowed for taking out certifie.tes for ufmg or wearing armorial bearings or ensigns, until the fist.enth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 9. To continue, until the first: day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an aft, made in the last: section of parhame.t, chapter seven, on the fecost. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An aft to continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, tzvo several afts, passed in the session of parhame.t holden in the thirtysixth.and thirty-seven.b years of his present Majesty, the one, chapter thirty-two, on the tenth day fl/'hJlarch, and the other, chapter sixty.one, on the twenty-fist. day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fiven, for fuft pending*, for a limited time, the operation of certain afts, made in the fist.enth and seven.eenth years of the reign of his present Majesty for refraining the negotiation of promis.iry notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain calied.England ; and also to amend the said aft, and further to continue the fame, fo amend’ed, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 10. To continue, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven.undred and ninety-nine, and amend an aft, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter two, videlicet, Or^the thirtieth day of'November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An aft to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parhame.td an aft^ passed in the session of

parhame.t

(Publick General) 39 GEO. III.

parhame.t of the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majessy, chapter one hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, On the tiventieth of July one thous.ne. seven hundred and ninety seven. intituled,cAn aft to continue an ad^ made in this present.iffion of par» hame.t, intituled, “An aid to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an ad, pafjed in the present fejfion of parhame.t, intituled,

“An ad to allow the hanls, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time ; and for indemnify'mg all persons m who have issue cl notes for fnall fu?ns of money in that part of the united kingdom” for a dunked timed

Cap. 11. For allowing further time for the payment of instalments to become due on certain sums advaneed.by way of loan, to certain persons connected with and tracting.to the islands of Grenact. and Saint Vincents.

Cap. 12. To continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next fefiion of parhame.t, an adt, passed in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter fisteen, videlicet, On the sixteenth day of March one thou-sand.seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an add, passed in the fame year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-second.day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another add, pafied in the thirty-sixth.year of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y-fix, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, relating to the admis.ion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the issuing of orders in couneil.for that purpose ; and to continue, for the fame period, an add, pafied in the fefiion of parhame.t holden in the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty, chapter twenty- one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, autho-rising.his Majesty to make regulations respec.ing the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 13. To repeal the duties imposed by an add, made in the lafF fefiion of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more esse.tual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties.

Cap. 14. For exempting, during the present war, certain persons, serving in volunteer corps, from being bailot.ed for the supple.emary militia, under certain conditions; and for making out new lifts of men liable to serve in the said militia.

Cap. 15. To continue, until the twenty-firs. day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an add, made in the Jail; self.on of parhame.t, intituled. An ad to empoiver his Majesty to secure and detain fitch persons as his Majessy.shall Jusped.are conspiring again ft his person and government.

Cap. 16. To revive and continue, until thirty days after the commencement of the next fefiion of parhame.t, an add* passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y-fix, videlicet, On the feyenteenth day of June one

a 2  thousand

A TABLE of the STATUTES

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, intituled, An act for eflablijhtng courts of judicature in the isand.of Newfoundland, and the isand. adjacent.

Cap. 17. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselyes.for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifie.tions within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admis.ions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been damped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide admis.ionsduly stamped ; to permit such-person. as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to allow to such persons who have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or seryan.s, until the twenty-second.day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTnine, for payment of the fame; to indemnify attornies who have omitted to enter their certifie.tes according to law, and for allowing them, until the first day of Eajler term, to enter the fame with the proper officer; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negleet.d to transmit deferiptions of their qualifie.tions to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 18. For railing a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 19 For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine fores while on shore, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 20. For the punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 21. To amend and render more esse.tual two ads, pafied in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign and the present session of parhame.t, for the redemption and pure.ase of the land tax.

Cap. 22. For extending the time for returning statements under an ad, passed in the present session of parhame.t, intituled. An aft to repeal the duties imposed by an at7, made in the laf [effort of parhame.t^ for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the ivar-, and to ?nake more esse.tual proviso. for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon interne, in lieu of the said duties; and to amend the said ad.

Cap. 23.

(.Publick General) 39 GEO. III.

Cap. 23. To repeal certain parts of three a£Fs, made in the thirty-seven.h and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising a provisional force of cavalry; and for making further provision respecting such part of the provisional cavalry of this kingdom as is now actually calied.out and embodied.

Cap. 24. To continue, until the twenty-fist. day of May next, an acct, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter nine, videlicet^ On the fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seventh, and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain adls, made in the fist.enth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, fpr restraining the negotiation of promistory.notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain calied.England.

Cap. 25. To continue, until the twenty-fist. day of May next, an acct, palied.in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter ten, videlicet, On the Fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several adls for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount.

Cap. 26. To continue, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred, an a<ft, pasted in the session of parhame.t holden in the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y-fix, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of fail cloth or canvas of the manus.cture of Great Britain.

Cap. 27. To revive and continue, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred, an a<5l, palied.in the session of parhame.t of the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y-two~, videlicet, On the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and Frene. lawns into this kingdom, not being the manus.dsure.of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

Cap. 28. To continue, until the twenty-fourth fay of June one thousand eight hundred, an a£F, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, chapter fisteen, videlicet, On the thirteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and fist.-five, for granting a bounty on certain specie.-of British and Irijh linens exported ; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.

Cap. 29. For enabling his Majesty to sett.e an annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal higlines. prince Edward, and a like annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal higlines. prince Ernejl Augujlus, during his Majesty pleasur..

a 3  Cap.  30.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 30. To enable bis Majesty to sett.e on her royal higbnefs theprincess.Amelia, part of the annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum, which his Majesty was enabled to sett.e on their royal higlines.es his Majesty’s other daugliters, out of the hereditary revenues, by virtue of an act palied.in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 31. To continue, until the tenth day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an ad, passed in the lad feilion of parhame.t, chapter ninety-two, videlicet, On the twenty-ninth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilied.for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland.

Cap. 32. To permit (hips to fail from certain ports of the island of Newfoundland, and from the coast of Labrador, without convoy.

Cap. 33. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 34. For repealing two ads, passed in the thirty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, which limit the time for killing patridges in England and Scotland\ and for amending fo much of an ad, palied.in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to such limitation within that part of Great Britain calied.England, by making other provisions for that purpose.

Cap. 35. For exempting, during the present war, persons serving in volunteer corps and aftbciations, from being bailot.ed for the militia, under certain conditions.

Cap. 36. For inere.sing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldier..

Cap. 37. For remedying certain desect. in the law respecting offences committed upon the high Teas.

Cap. 38. To continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, and amend an ad, made in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of rape feed, and other feeds uled for extracting oil, whenever the prie.s of middling BritiJJ) rape feed shal. be above a certain limit; and to continue several laws relating to the allowing the importation of leal skins cured with foreign fait, free of duty, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred-and four; to the more esse.tual encouragement of the manus.dures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three ; and fo much of an ad, made in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time, until the fist. day of June one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 39.

l

J

(Puhlick General) 39 GEO. III.

Cap. 39. To amend an a<5t, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft: for granting to his Majesty certain Jtamp duties on indentures of clerkship. to solicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therei;z-mentioned.

Cap. 40. To amend fo much of three acts, made in the last and present sections of parhame.t, for making perpetual, subject to redemption and pure.ase, the several sums of money charged as a land tax, as relates to that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.

Cap. 41. For raising an additional sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 42. To enable the commercial commissioners appointed to carry into execution certain a£ts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time limited by the said acts for receiving returns of income.; and for explaining and amending the said adls.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the time limited by certain acts passed for the redemption of the land tax, for receiving contracts and making transfers of flock thereon, and for explaining and amending the said acts.

Cap. 44. For further continuing, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the last section of parhame.t, intituled, An aft to empower his Majefy to secure and detain such perse.ns as his Majesty shall feufpest.are confptring against his perse.n and govermnent.

Cap. 45. For making perpetual fo much of an adf made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth.day of November one thousand seven hundred and seven.y-eight, intituled. An aft to explain and amend the laws relating to transportation, imprise.nment, and other pnniflimen. of certain offenders, as relates to the punisome.t of burning in the hand of certain persons convicted of felony within the benefit of clergy.

Cap. 46. For making perpetual fo much of an adt made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth.day of November one thousand seven hundred and seven.y-eight, intituled, An aft to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprison.ment, and other punislimen. of certain offenders, as relates to tha lodgings of judges at county ash.es.

Cap. 47. To continue, until the fist. day of July next, an adf, made in the present session of parhame.t, chapter twenty-four, videlicet, On the twenty-firs. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, for continuing several adls, made in the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain adfs, made in the fist.enth and seven.teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain calied.England. Cap. 48. To continue, until the fist. day of July one thou-

A TABLE of the STATUTES

sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an aft, passed in the present session of parhame.t, for continuing several afts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part^of Great Britain calied.Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount.

Cap. 49. To extend the bail to be given in cases.of criminal information, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.

Cap. 50. For making perpetual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 51. For continuing, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, several laws relating to the transportation of felons and other offenders, and to the au-thorising.the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland resp.st.vely.

Cap. 52. For continuing, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, fo much of an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y-four, videlicet. On the twenty-sixth.day of November one thousand seven hundred and seven.y-eight, intituled, An aft to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punislimen. of certain offenders, as relates to penitentiary house..

Cap. 53. To continue, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, fo much of an aft, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expect.tious in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.

Cap. 54. To indemnify all persons who may have incurred penalties or fors.itures under an aft, passed in the second year of the reign of the King James the First, intituled, An aft coneer.ing tanners, curriers, Jhoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather; and to repeal parts of the said aft, relating to the buying of hides.

Cap. 55. For encouraging the improyemen. of lands subject to the servitude of thirlage, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.

Cap. 56. To explain and amend the laws relative to colliers in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.

Cap. 57. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such in the Wefl India istands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms. ,

Cap. 58. To enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to fir James Marriott knight, late judge of the high court of admiralty, in confideras.on of his diligent and faiths.l services in the execution of that office.

Cap. 59. For permitting certain goods, imported from the

( PublickGeneral) 39 GEO. Ill,

East Indies, to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties novr payable thereon and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. For raising the sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

Cap. 61. To repeal the duty granted by an aft of the last fef-fion of parhame.t on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom ; and for charging another duty in lieu thereof.

Cap. 62. To amend an aft made in the thirty-seven.h year of the reign of his present Majesty, and two afts made in the last session of parhame.t, for raising a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain calied.Scotland.

Cap. 63. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on sugar imported and exported, and on cosse. exported; and for reducing the drawbacks now allowed on the exportation of sugar.

Cap. 64. For-granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the rectus.o. of the national debt.

Cap. 65. For allowing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, a further bounty upon pilchards exported; and for amending an ad made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commissioners of excise.

Cap. 66. For placing the salaries of the flier.s. deputes and substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots civil lift establish.ent.

Cap. 67. To enable such person as his Majesty (hall please to appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer, to take upon himself the degree of a serjeant at law.

Cap. 68. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of three miilion. for the uses and purposes therein-mentioned.

Cap. 69. For raising the sum of three miilion. five hundred thousand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 70. For raising the sum of three miilion., by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 71. To enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury to issue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as (hall arise by virtue of an ad of this session, for granting certain duties on income.

Cap. 72. To amend an act made in the present session of parhame.t, intituled, An aft to repeal the duties imposed by an adlf made in the last fejjion 6f parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more esse.tual pro-visions.r the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, fo far as relates to the afTeflrnents made upon trustees, agents, receivers, and guardians.

Cap. 73. For exempting certain spec.sick.legacies which shall be given to bodies corporate, or other publick bodies, from the

payment

A TABLE of the STATUTES

payment of duty ; and also the legacy of books and other articles given by |,he will of the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracbt-rode to the trustees of the Britifb muse.tn.

Cap. 74. For further continuing until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, an ad, made in the twenty-seven.h year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft to enable the lord high treasurer, or commis.oners of the treasury for the time beings to let to farm the duties granted by an aft, made in the twenty-fist. year of his present Majessy. s reign, on horses let to hire for tray.lling po/l, and by time, to such persons as Jhould be willing to contract for the fame.

Cap. 75. For reviving and making perpetual an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a hi to prohibit the importation of light fiver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain ^Ireland \ and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain Ju?n.

Cap. 76. For the more secure conveyance of ship letters, and for granting to his Majessy.certain rates of portage thereon.

Cap. 77. For repealing the duties on fait made in Scotland, and on fait imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 78. To continue, until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, and amend an ad, palied.in the present session of parhame.t, for continuing an ad of the last session of parhame.t, for granting to ins Majesty additional duties on distilleries, in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his M.ijerty certain additional duties on spirits distilied.for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland.

Cap. 79. For the more esse.tual suppression of societies efta-blilhed for seditious and treasonable purposes; and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices.

Cap. 80. For better regulating the manner of carrying Haves, in Britijh vessels, from the coart of Africa.

Cap. 81. To prevent unlaws.l combinations of workmen.

Cap. 82. To explain and amend an ad, parted in the thirty-fix rh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for amending, and reducing into one aft of parhame.t, two several dfts, pafid in the thirty-fourth and thirty ■fist. years of the reign of his present Majessy, for the better ordering the militia of the city ^/London, and for further regulating the trained bands or militia of the said city.

Cap. 83. For transferring to the commis.ioners for auditing the publick accounts, the duties now performed in the offices of the auditors of the land revenue; and for directing the mode of attesting the accounts of the paymaster general of his Majesty’s foroes.

Cap. 84. To enable the lords commis.ioners of the treasury to contract with the mart noble Charles duke of Riclimon., for the absolute pure.ase of the property of the said duke, and all others interected, in a certain duty of .twelve-pence per chaldron

on

(Publick General) 39 GEO. III.

on coals shipped in the river Tyney to be consumed in England, and to grant a compensa.ion for the fame, by way of annuity, payable out of the consolidated fund.

Cap. 85. To protect mailers against embezzlements by their clerks or serv.ms.

Cap. 86. For aseer.aining the rate of duty to be paid for retail spirit licences; and for authorising the justices of the peace for any county to grant licences to fell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in cities and places where a sufficient number of ma-gistrate. cannot be found qualisle. to grant such licences.

Cap. 87. For enabling his Majefiy to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty, to continue in force until fix weeks from the commencement of the next fefiion of parhame.t.

Cap. 88. For erediing the county of Edinburgh into a fepa-rate dist.ids, for the purpose of regulating the importation and exportation of corn.

Cap. 89. For regulating the manner in which the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, shall hire and take up ships for their regular service.

Cap. 90. To amend two acts, pafied in the twenty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of the reign of his present Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to the militia of the counties of    Middlesexand Surrey; and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, and other persons, towards the completing of the laid militia.

Cap. 91. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by lottery.

Cap. 92. For altering the period of making up the annual * account of the duties on stamped vellum, parclime.t, and paper.

Cap. 93. To repeal fo much of an adt, pafied in the seventh year of the reign of queen Anne^ and also fo much of an act, pafied in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as puts an end to the fors.iture of inheritances upon attainder of treason, after the death of the pretender and his fons.

Cap. 94. To aseer.ain the salary of the master and worker of his Majesty’s mint.

Cap. 95. To permit goods the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in any ship or vefiel belonging to the subjects of any country or place in amity with his Majesty, to be entered and landed without payment of the duty granted by an a61 of the last fefiion of parhame.t, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom.

Cap. 96. To enable Matthew Boulton, engineer, to export the machinery necessary for eredoing a mint in the dominions of his imperial Majesty, the emperor of all the RuJ/ias.

Cap. 97. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain calied.Englandr, for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine,

Cap. qS*

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 98. To allow the importation of Spanijh wool, in (hips belonging to countries in amity with his Majesty.

Cap, 99. To encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine, and for reducing the duty granted by an adt of the last session, on. goods the manus.cture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the (heights of Gibraltar.

Cap. 100. To revive and continue, until the end of the next session of parhame.t, an acl, made in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for the more esse.tual encouragement of the British fist. eries; and to amend an adt, made in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extending the fisheries, and improving the sea coast of this kingdom.

Cap. 101. To continue several laws relating to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hog’s Jard, and grease until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and fix.

Cap. 102. To revive and continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, the bounties granted by an adt, made in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe.

Cap. 103. For making allowane.s in certain cases.to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 104. To amend an adt, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft to enable his Majesty to grant commis.tons to a certain number of foreign pro-t eft ants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to aft and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain rejiric-tions and qualifie.tions.

Cap. 105. To continue and amend fo much of an adi, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manus.cture of Maids.one geneva.

Cap. 106. For the reduction of the militia foroes, at the time and in the manner therein limited for enabling his Majesty more esse.t.ually to inere.se his regular foroes, for the vigorous prosecution of the war; and for amending the laws relating to the militia.

Cap. 107. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on bills of exchange and promist.ry notes for small Turns of money.

Cap. 108. To amend and render more esse.tual several acts for the redemption and pure.ase of the land tax.

Cap. 109. For better recruiting the foroes.of the East India company.

Cap. no. For the augmentation of the Hilaries of the judges

of

(.Publick Local fc? Perfonal) 39 GEO. III.

of the courts in Wejlminst.r Hall, and also of the lords of session, lords commissioners of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in Scotland; and for enabling his Majesty to grant annuities to per-Tons in certain offices in the said courts of Wejlminst.r Hall, on their resignation of their respective offices.

Cap. 111. To permit, until the first day of Augujl one thousand eight hundred and two, the importation of certain naval stores from Hamburgh, and other ports of Germany.

Cap. 112. To enable his Majesty, by order in couneil, to permit, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, such goods as {hall be specified in such order to be imported into this kingdom, in neutral (hips.

Cap. 113. To enable such persons as his Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the office of chies.justice, or of one of the justices of either bene., or of chies.baron, or one of the barons of the exchequer, to take upon themselyes.the degree of a fei> jeant at law in vacation.

Cap. 114. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for applying certain sums of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and for further appropriating the sup.iies granted in this session of parhame.t.

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

I* A N ad to enable Thomas Courts esquire, banker, to make a communie.tion between his buildings on the opposite fides of Wiilia. Street, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the city and liberty of Wejlminster, by a covered pasia.e to to be built over the said street.

2.  An ad to amend and render more efFedual an ad, palied.in the twenty-seven.h year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the pier of Margate in the IJle of Thanet in the county of Kent; and for other purposes mentioned in the said ad.

3.  An ad for making and maintaining the road from or near Whiteburn in the county of Berwick to the town of Kelfo in the county of Roxburgh, to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t.

4.  An ad for the better relief and employment af the poor of the pari Ih of Saint Bridget, other wife Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the city of London.

5.  An ad: for explaining, amending, and rendering more ef-fedual, several ads, passed in the ninth, fist.enth, twenty-fixtb, and thirty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

6.  An ad to enable the lords of the manor of Brixham, in the county of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild, the pier or quay at Brixham S{uay% within the said manor, to improve the harbour

there,

 CjOO^Ic

A TABLE of the STATUTES

there, to regulate the moorings of vessels therein, and to establish a market there.

7.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the arable lands, intermixed pastures, open fields, half year lands, commons, and waPce grounds, within the parish of IJpton, in the county of Norfolk, and such parts of the open fields, calied.Upton Field and Fijhley Crofts, as lie in the parish of Fifhley, in the said county, and for draining the fame.

8.  An a61 for rendering more esse.tual an aft, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled., An act for making ancl keeping in repair a road or pajsage.for horses, on the

banks of the river Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a place calied.The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for haling and draiving vejfeh along the said river ^ and for other purposes therein-mentioned.

9.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two several afts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fist. year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Knares.rough, in the county of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldfbrough Fields, Flax by, Allerton Maul ever er, and Scate Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the fame county, and for making the fame a high carriage road.

10.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of three several afts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth.years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Don-cafer, through Ferrybridge, to the south fide of Tadcajler Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to JVetherby, and from thence to Bo-ronglibri.ge, in the couny of York, fo far as fame relate to the road between Ferrybridge and IVether try, and from thence to Borough-bridge.

11.  An aft to continue for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, and for enlarging the powers of an act, made in the eighteenth year cf the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Eve foam Bridge, in the borough of Evesham, in the county of IVor teller, to The Globe Inn in Ale eft er, in the county of Warwick.

12.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the* term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, made in the thirty-second.year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain roads leacting.to and from the towns of Nottingham and Derby, fo far as relates to the road leacting.from Chappel Bar, near the weft end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Marys Bridge in the town of

Derby$

(Publick Local & Perfonal) 39 GEO. III.

Derby, and from the guide post in die parish of Lenton to Sow ley Ferry.

13.  An aft to continue, for the term of-twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and for altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leacting.from Kilburn Bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the county of Hertford.

14.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and inere.sing, altering, and enlarging the powers, of two feve-ral afts, palied.in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his late majesty Xing George the Second, and in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the weft end of the town of Bur ton-up on-Trent, in the county of Stasso.d, through the said town, to the south end of the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

15.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, pailed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leacting.from the market house.n the town of Much Wenlock, and from Gleeton Hill to Crefsage, in the county of Salop,

16.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, palied.in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from The Birges Brook to Buildwas Bridge and from thence to join the Wailing Street turnpike road at Tern Bridge, in the county of Salop, fo far as relates to the last.mentioned road.

17.  An aft to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of1 parhame.t, the term, 'and toamend the powers, of an aft, palied.in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Gosport, through Far eh dm and Wickham, to Bishop.s Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid, to Chawton Pond.s in the pari 111 of Chawton, all in the county of Southampton.

18.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term and powers of two afts, paiTed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the east end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watt on, to Broadwater, and from the town of Ware, through Wat ton, to the north end of the town of Walkern, in the said county.

19.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term* and altering and enlarging the powers, of several afts, pasted in

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the eleventh year of King George the First, the sixth and twens.-iixth years of his late Majesty, and in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the parish of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Hertford, and from the end of the town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware in the county of Hertford\ and other roads in the said ads mentioned.

20.  An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, pafTed in the second and twenty-second.years of the reign of his prelent Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Weyhill, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lydeway, in the county of Wilts.

21.  An ad for continuing for. twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of three several ads, pafTed in the fourteenth and twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to thejoad from Selby to Leeds, in the weft riding of the county of York.

22.  An ad for repairing the several roads in the counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t.

23.  An ad to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term and powers of two ads, palied.in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a place calied.Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening roads from thence into the great roads at Snares.rook in the county of Effix, and at Clapton in the county of Middlesex.

24.  An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, passed in the third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in* repair the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of Wefimorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the county of Lancosier.

25.  An ad for more efFedually repairing and improving the roads from Manchefer, in the county palatine oiLancafer, through Oldham to Auser.ands, in the parish of Saddleworth, in the county of York, and from Oldham to A/hton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to the village of Royton, in the said county palatine of Lancafer.

26.  An ad for more efFedually repairing and improving the road from Fofion Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the county of Nottingham.

27.  An ad for amending and rendering more esse.tual an ad, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

(Publick Local &? Perfonal) 39 GEO. III.

tituled, An oft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan in the Jhire of Argyll.

28.  An ad for building a bridge over the river Severn, from or near Crejsage, in the county of Salop, to the oppost.e lhore$ and for making proper roads or avenues to and from the fame.

29.  An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two ads, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewjbury, to the market place in Chure. Stretton, and to the top of Lythwood Hilly and from Pulley Common to the maypole in Condover $ and frons. Coleham Bridge toLongdon, and from the fist. milestone.nearLongdon^ to the turnpike gate at Cafle Pulverbate., in the county of Salop,

30.  An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and enlarge the powers, of two ads, palied.in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the north end of Brown's Lane, in Great Staughton in the county of Huntingdon*, to the way pofl: near Wellingborough Bridge in the county of Northampton, and from the pound in Kimbolton to the way port near Bringtqn Bridge,, in the said county of Huntingdon,

31.  An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several ads, for repairing the road from the north end of Mailing Street, near the town of Lewes, and certain other roads in the county of SuJJex*

32.  An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an ad, palied.in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Neivark-upon-Lrent, in the

■ county of Nottingham, to join the turnpike road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, near the guide post on the Fofs Road near Bingham, in the said county of Nottingham,

33.  An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next section of parhame.t, the term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal some of the provisions, of two ads, palied.in the twenty-seven.h year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, fo far as the said ads relate to the repairing of the roads from an intrene.ime.t on AJkerwellHill, through Bridport to Penn Inn, from Bridport to Beaminjler, from the north end of the south street of Bridport Harbour, from the north turnpike gate at Bea-mins.r to Beaminjler Wood\ otherwise Wood Common, and to Len-ham’s Water, all in the county oi Dor Jet.

34.  An ad for continuing for tw'enty-one yearn, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, th®

Vcl. XLII.  b  term

A TABLE of the STATUTES

term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two afts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, to far as the said afts relate to the repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dapden Wharf\ in the parith of Stokey next Guide ford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alford Bars, in the county of Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in the county of Suffix.

35.  An aft to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and to alter and enlarge the powers of an aft, passed in the nineteenth year of the feign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Gander-Lane in the county of Derby, to Shess.eld in the county of York, and from Mojbrough-Green to Clown, both in the said county of Derby.

36.  An aft tor better supplying the town and port of Liverpool t with water, from certain springs in the town (hi,p of Bootle in the

county palatine of Laneast.r.

‘  37. An act for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from

thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two several afts, the one passed in the twenty-fist. year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the fist. year of the reign of his present Majessy, for amending and keeping in repair'the^road leacting.from the north-east.corner of Nuffield Common, by the pari(h chure. of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the county of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, in the county of Berks.

38.  An act for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the provilionsin an aft, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majessy, for repairing several roads leacting.from the town of Taunton, and other roads adjoining thereto, in the county of Somerse.; and also for extending the provisions of the said aft, to a road from Tucker's Gate, in the parish oi Lyng, to piper's Inn, in the paristi.of AJhcoit, in the said county of Somerse.,

39.  An act for continuing for thirty-eight years, and rentier-~ing more esse.tual feverai afts for charging a duty of two pennies

Scots (or one iixth part of a penny fleriing) on every pint of ale and beer vended or fold within the towns of Port Glafgow and Newark, and privileges thereof.

40.  An act for continuing for thirty-eight years, and render- * ing more esse.tual an aft palied.in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the duty of twopennies Scots, or one nxth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale and beer vended or fold within the city of Glafgow and village of Gorbals, and liberties and privileges thereof.

41.  An act for better regulating and employ.ng.the poor, and for more esse.tually watching the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within that part of the paristi.of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the bars, in the county of Middlesex, and the j>ari(h of Saint George the Martyr, in the said county.

42.  An

 C 3gle

(PubUck Local & Perfonal) 39 GfiO. IIL

4^. An a & fbi* the better and more esse.tual relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Sanford, in the courit'v of Suffolk.

43.  An acfl for more esse.tually repairing and amending the road leacting.from Long Horfelcy Bar or Gate, on the post road hear the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horfeley, Weldon Bridge, and Wbittingham, to the river Breamijh, and from thence to Piercy's Croft, in the county of Northumberland, to continue in force for twenty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t.

44.  An adf to amend two adls, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith,

45. ^ An  for explaining and amending two adfs, passed in the thirty-firs. and thirtyfsecond.years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Livingjlone, by the kirk of Shotisy to the city of Glafgoiv, and other roads therein mentioned.

46.  An a£f for making and repairing the road from Dunkeld to Coupar of Angus, by the bridge of If a, and the road leacting.out of the road between Dunkeld and Perth to the Boat at Ctf-puth, by or through the village of Stanley in the county of Perth* to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t.

47.  An a6t for continuing for twenty-one years', and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two aefis, the one passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leacting.from Burleigh Bridge, in the town-of Loughborough to Af)by-deAa-Zoucb, in the county of Leicejler; and for repairing and widening the road, branching out of the said road at Coleorton Chure., over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rcmpfon, in the counties of Leicefer and Nottingham.

48.  An a6t for more esse.tually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parish ok Melfkfoam, through Googe's Lane, Corsham, Biddejlone, and Wejl Tatton. to the turnpike road at Upper Coombe, in the pari lit of Caflle Coornbe, in the county of Wilts.

49.  An act for more esse.tually repairing, widening, ajtering, and improving the road at or near Beckbampton, and from the north fide of Swindon to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunfclen, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of JViits.

50.  An at for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and amending the powers, of three several aefts, passed in the twenty fist., twehty-seventh, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second,

b %  for

 CjOO^Ic

A TABLE of the STATUTES

for repairing and widening the road leacting.from Market Hqr~ borough, in the county of Leicester, to the pound in the paristi.of

Brampton, in the county of Huntingdon.

51.  An ad for more esse.tually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Gate fa ad., in the county of Durham, to the Chure. Lane near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham turnpike road, near DiL fan Bar, in the county of Northumberland, and also several other roads therein described, lying within the said counties.

52.  An ad for more esse.tually repairing and improving the road from Skipton, in the county of York, to Clitheroe, in the county of Lancajler.

53.  An ad for building a bridge over the river Tweed, at or near the town of Kelfo, in the county of Roxburgh.

54.  An ad for vetting part of the sett.ed ettates of the right honourable John lord Rolle in trustees, to fell or exchange the fame, and pure.ase, or take in exchange, other ettates to be sett.ed in lieu thereof to the fame uses.

55i An ad for vetting certain ettates in Tokenhouse.Yard, in the city of London, in the trustees of the other sett.ed ettates of the marquis of Lanfdoivn and the right honourable John Henry Petty, commonly calied.Earl of Wycombe, in trust to be fold, and for laying out the monies arising from the sale in the manner therein directed ; and for empowering the said trustees of the said sett.ed ettates to apply the monies arising from the sale of any part thereof in the manner therein direct.d*, and for discharging the said sett.ed ettates from a rent charge of five hundred pounds given to James Petty esquire, and the heirs male of his body, by the will of Henry formerly earl of Shelburne, decease..

56.  An ad for vetting part of the sett.ed ettates of Simon Payne esquire, and Hester.his wife, in the county of Gloue.ster, in trustees, to be exchanged for part of their unsettled ettates, in the county of Somerse..

57.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and encloling, a certain trad or pareel.of common, watte, and marsh grounds, calied.Thornton Marjh, within the several pari foes of Poulton and Bifp-hams in the county palatine of Lancajler.

58 An ad for regulating the rates of porterage to be taken by innkeepers and other persons, within the cities of London and JVejlminjler, the borough of Southwark, and places adjacent.

59.  An ad to enlarge the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of several acts, relating to the harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional wet docks and piers in or near the port of Liverpool; and for rendering more safe and commodious the said port and docks.

60.  An ad for authorising the company of proprietors of the Strats.rd upon Avon canal navigation to vary the course of certain parts of the said canal, directed to be made by an ad, patted in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majetty, and also to made a branch out of the said canal, and also to vary tfee. course of a navigable cut directed to be made from the said.

.  Strats.rd

(Publick Local & Per final) 39 GEO. III.

Strats.rd upon Avon canal, in the parijfh of Lapworth, into tnd Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kingfwood, in the county of Warwick, by another ad, passed in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, and for amending the said ads.

61.  An ad for paving the footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Trowbridge, in the county of Wilts; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions, therein.

62.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next section of parhame.t, the term, ahd altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad, pafied in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for enlarging the term and powers of three afts, passed in the first, ni?ithy and twenty-second, years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the road leacting.from the honfe calied.The Sign of the Bells, in the parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maid-*"

{tone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

63.  An ad for more efFedually repairing and improving the road from The Green Man, in the chapelry of Seend, in the county of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beeking.oin the county of Somerse., and several other roads communieating.with, or lying near to, the said road ; and for making and maintaining certain pieces of new road in Trotvbridge aforesaid.

'64. An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next section of parhame.t, the term, and enlarging the powers of an ad, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing, widening, altering,■ diverting, and turning the road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the county of Lan-cast.r, to the bridge at the corn mills at Wilmflow, in the county of Cheste..

65.  An ad to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next section of parhame.t, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an ad, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled*

An act for more ejfest.ally amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, leacting.from a gate-, in the town and county of Poole, calied.Poole Gate ; and for repealing two aftts of parhame.t, of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his late ~Ma~ jefiy, relating to the said roads; and also for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain jlreet or way within the said tozvn and county.

66.  An ad to empower the right honourable Henry earl Fau-conberg to charge his sett.ed effaces in the counties of York and Cheste. with the futn of fist.en thousand pounds, in lieu of the right of him the said Henry earl Fauconberg, and the other tenants for life of the said estates, to cut down timber growing thereon ; mad to grant building leases of Inch parts of the laid sett.ed

fe 3  estate.

A TABLE of the STATUTES ,

estate. as are near, or adjoining to, the town of Macct.sfield, in the laid county of Cheste. \ and for vesting the manor and other hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forest, in the said county of York, other part of the said sett.ed estates, in trustees, in trust to fell the lame, and, out of the money arising from the sale thereof, to discharge the incumbrances on the said sett.ed estate..

67.  An ad for more easily esse.tuating the sale of part of the freehold estates late of James Duberly esquire, deceased, and for applying the clear monies to arise theres.om upon the trusts of the marriage settlements of his five daugliter..

68.  An a<51 for vesting the fee simple of several estates in the county of Chejler, (devis.d by the will of Philip Egerton esquire, deceased, to a trustee for a term of years, for the purpose of dif-charging his debts, with remainder to the uses therein mentioned), in trustees, to be fold for discharging the said debts, and to lay out the surplus (if any) of the monies arising by such sale in the pure.ase of lands to be sett.ed to the fame uses.

69.  An ad for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the port of London.

70.  An ad for enabling the Gtirnjby haven company tofinis. and complete the navigation of the said haven, and for amending an ad, palied.in the thirty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the haven of the town and port of Great Grimjby, in the county of Lincoln.

71.  An ad for empowering the company of proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation to repay, into the court of exchequer in Scotland, the sum advaneed.to them for the purpose of comr pleting the said navigation ; for repealing fo much of an ad, of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the said company; and for enabling the barons of the said court of exchequer to advane. part of the sum fo to be received to the company of proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain conditions.

72.  An ad for settling the right of patronage or presentation of or to the new chapel of Cradley, in that part of the paristi.of Halefowen which lies in the county and diocese of JVorceJhr, and for other purposes.

73.  An ad for making and maintaining a tunnel, or road, under the fiver Thames, from or near to the town of Gravejend, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of EJfiex.

74.  An ad for making a new street from the haymarket into Charles Street, St. James's Square, within the cky and liberty of

IVcJbninjhr.

75.  An ad for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the’ road leacting.from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and AJhborne turnpike road, at or near Ahnckjhill Bank \ and alio the road leacting.from the Stone and Uttoxeter turnpike road, at Bear's Brook, through Hollington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ajhborne turnpike road5 at or near the Churnet Bridge Tit Ro7

(Publick Local & Perfonal) 39 GEO. III.

zesse., in the county of Stasso.d, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t.

76.  An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term and powers of an ad, pa fled in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majessy, intituled. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leacting.from the turnpike road, in the par iff of AflhalJ, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road at or near Buckland, in the county of Berks.

77.  An ad: for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and enlarging the powers, of three ads, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majessy, for repairing the roads leacting.from the most southe.. part oi Butt Lam, in the parish of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Hen-JhalPs Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said county.

78.  An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and fram thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, thetewm, and altering the powers, of an ad, made in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the road from the town, of Skipton to the turnpike road from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the township of Bilton with Harrowgate, and from thence to the road leacting.from Knares.orough to Wether by, in the weft riding of the county of York.

79.  An ad for enabling Wiilia. Stephen Royntz esquire, and the honourable Elizabeth Mary his wife, to charge the estates late of the right honourable George Samuel lord vise.unt Mon* tague deceased, in the county of Sufsex, with a competent sum of money for improving the fame, and for other purposes.

' 80. An ad for confirming and rendering esse.tual a partition and diviiion between the late honourable Penn Asfseton.Quezon deceased, and the right honourable Thomas lord Ribblejdale (then Thomas Lifer esquire. of the rector. of JVhalley, and of the chapels, glebe lands, messuages, tenements, tythes, obventions, prosi.s, and hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a leases.om the lord archbishop of Canterbury, and for that pur-pose.to enable the said lord archbishop and his successors, ht all times hereaster, to grant the said rector. and premises by two several leases, according to the said partition and diviflon.

81.  An ad for veiling a piece of ground and hereditaments in the pari ill of Saint Mary Woolnoth, in the city of London, belonging to the paris. of Saint Mary le Bow, in Abraham Robarts, Wiilia. Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Horny old, of the said City of London, bankers and co-partners, in fee firnple, upon payment of the sum of one thousand three hundred and fist. pounds, upon trust, to be applied in the manner therein mentioned, for the support of a, lecture., and for better regulating the appointment of the said lecture..

b 4 ,  82.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

82.  An aft to amend an aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for erecting a building for holding the courts, and exereis.ng the jurisdiction, of the dean and chapter of the collegiate chure. of Saint Peter, in Wejl-minjlei\ and for holding the quarter fefiions of the peace, and transacting the other publick business of the said city and liberty.

83.  An 2ft for enabling his Majesty to incorporate, by charter, a company to be calied.The Globe Insura.ce Compaq^ for in-sura.ce on lives, and against loss or damage by fire, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1.  A N aft for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the whole JT\ year lands, common fields, half year or (hack lands, commons, 3nd waste lands, within the parish of Shropham, in the county of Norfolk.

2.  An aft to enable Thomas full\ of Afl), next Sandwich^ in the county of Kent, esquire, and his issue, to assume and take the surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the arms and crests of the Godfreyspurs.aot to the directions contained in a codicil to the will of Thomas Godfrey,, late of London, mereliant, decease..

3.  An act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hennings.

4.  An act for naturalizing John Roger Tfckemacher.

5.  An act for naturalizing Herrnenegild Augnflus Mar id Cafel-lain.

6.  An act for naturalizing John Alexander Martin.

7.  An act for naturalizing John Everard Hey man.

8.  An act for naturalizing Anthony Schick.

q. An act for naturalizing John Laivrene. Gries.

10.  An afte for naturalizing Adolphus Kent.

11.  An act for naturalizing Johann George TfAcke.

12.  An act for dissolying.the marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts esquire, with the honourable Cafsand.a Twiseton, and to enable him to marry again; 2nd tor other purposes therein mentioned.

13.  An act for naturalizing Pierre Jaeques.Papilion.and Pierre Francois Papilion.

14.  An act for naturalizing George Chrifopher Moiler.

15.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Mole [worth, in the county of Huntingdon.

16.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds, within the pari fit of Rackheath, in the county

' of Norfolkf

37.  An

(Private)39 GEO. III.

17.  An act for dividing and ailot.ing certain wade lands, and open and common fields, within the parishes of Leintwardine, Burrington, Downion, Afton, and Elton, in the county of Hereford• i8» An adt for dividing and ailot.ing several open and common lands and grounds, within the tithing of Oare9 in the in the parishes of Wilcot and Huifh, in the county of Wilts.

19.  An adt for dividing, ailot.ing, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Re?nenbam, in the county of Berks.

20.  An adt for confirming and establishing a division and inclosure of the open and common fields and pastures, within the manors or lord (hips of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the parish of Nether Seal, in the counties of Leicejler and Derby, or one of them, and certain exchanges of lands and estates within the said parish.

21.  An adt to diflblve the marriage of TViilia.n Wilhams.with Mary Charlotte his now wife, late Mary Charlotte Willis, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22.  An adt for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman.

23.  An adt for naturalizing Salomon Lange.

24.  An adt for naturalizing Chrijlian John Adam With.

25.  An adt for naturalizing George Bong.

26. An adt for naturalizing  Philip Marindin.

27. An adt for naturalizing  De Luc.

28.  An adt for naturalizing JuJlin Eliza Ccefar Audra.

29.  An adt for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papilion.

30.  An adt for naturalizing Lorents Braun.

31.  An adt for dividing, ailot.ing, and enclosing, the open and common fields, half year or (hack lands, warrens or reputed warrens, commons, heaths, commonable lands, and wade grounds, within the parishes of Heying.am and Marsham, in the county of Norfolk; and for extinguishing ail rights of sheep.alk, fhackage, and common, in, over, and upon, all the lands and grounds within the said parishe..

32.  An adt for dividing, ailot.ing, and enclosing, the commons and wafie lands within the manor of Broms.rove, in the county of Worcejler.

33.  An adt to difiolve the marriage of Wiilia. Henry Rickets esquire, with the right honourable lady Elizabeth Jane Lambart, and to enable him to marry again • and for other purposes therein pientioned.

34.  An adt for naturalizing John Gabriel Migau'lt.

35.  An adt for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert.

36.  An adt tor naturalizing Charis Henry Rigaud.

37.  An adt for naturalizing Francis Henry ChrijUn.

38.  An adt for veiling certain parts of the lands and barofty of Craigiehally lying in the county of Linlithgow, and compriled in the deed of entail executed by the deceased Sophia marchioness of Annqndale, wit!} consent of Wiilia. marquis of Annan dale, her

hush.nd.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

hush.nd, upon the thirty-firs. July, one thousand seven hundred and eight; and also for veiling certain parts and pareels.of the lands and barony of Leny\ lying in the county of Edinburgh, and comprised in a disposition and deed of entail thereof, dated the third November one thousand seven hundred and forty-fix, granted by hr Robert Myrton, of Gogar, baronet, with consent therein mentioned in trurtees, in trull, to fell or exchange the fame, and invert the money arising from such sale in the pur-chas. or exchange of other lands to be sett.ed and secured to, the fame series of heirs, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are contained in the aforesaid deeds of entail ; and for verting \w Wiilia. Hope Weir esquire, of Craigiehall and Blocks wood, and the fame series of heirs, in fee tail, certain other parts of the said lands, baronies, and others.

39.  An acl for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, downs, wactes, and other commonable lands, within the several hamlets or tithing's of Berrington, Broad Campden, and We/iington, in the parish of Chipping Camp den, in the county of Gloue.ster.

40.  An a6l for- dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, a certain tract or piece of commonable land calied.Leigh Common, situate in the tything of Leighy in the parish of Tetminjler, in the county of Dorfet.

41.  An a£t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, certain moors, commons, or walte lands, lying and being within the manor and parish of Cleve..n, in the county of Somerse..

42.  An a <51 for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the whole year lands, fen lands, heaths, commons, and wade grounds, within the parish of Kenninghall, in the county of Norfolk,

43.  An a£l for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the iammas meadows, fen grounds, commons, and warte lands, within the parishes of BreJJingbam and Fersfield, in the county of Norfolk, and for extinguifning all rights of common, sheep.alk, and fhackage, in, over, and upon, all the lands and grounds within the said parishe..

44.  An for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open common fields, common downs, and all commonable places and wafie lands, in the parish of Eajlon, in the county of Southampton.

45.  An acl to amend, and render more esse.t.ual, the power of exchange in an acl, parted in the thirty*seven.h year of his prese.u Majesty’s reign^ intituled, An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, wajle lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the par if0 of Sou thill, in the county of Bedford.

46.  An a<rt for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the common fields, commons, and warte grounds, within the parish of Great Ellingham, in the county of Norfolk.

47.  An a<51 for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common-

able

(Private) 39 GEO. III.

able lands, and waste grounds, within the parish and manor of

Horton, in the county of Bueking.am.

48.  An a6t to dissolve the marriage of the most honourable John James marquis of Abere.rn, with the most honourable Cecil Hamilton his now wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

49.  An a<5t to dissolve the marriage of John Stanton with Sarah Wright, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

50.  An a£f for naturalizing Catherine Naffau.

51.  An a£l for naturalizing Henry von dem Bufch.

52.  An acct for naturalizing Diederick Arnold Bielfeld.

53.  An a<5t for naturalizing Henry Berthoud.

54.  An a6i for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, certain com* mons, waste lands, and commonable places, within the manors of For fields Bromhilly Belibr.ughton, and Brians Bell, in the parish of Belibr.ughton, in the county of Woroes.er.

55.  An a£f for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons, waste lands, and commonable places, within the parish of Rowley Regis, in the county of Stasso.d.

56.. An ad for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Bucks] entailed by the will of John late duke of Bedford in Francis duke of Bedford, in fee simple, and for settling other estates in the said county of greater value in lieu thereof.

57.  An a6f for vesting part of the sett.ed estates of Robert Clutterbuck esquire, in trustees, to be fold, and for applying part of the money arising theres.om, under the direction of the court of chaneery, in manner, and for the purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the residue in the pure.ase of other estates, to be sett.ed in lieu thereof, and to the fame uses.

58.  An a<ft for confirming, and rendering etfedtual, a partition between Lewis John Marie Hauffoullier esquire, and Tryphena 'Drift spinster, an infant, of divers manors, boroughs, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Devon,

59.  An a6t for empowering the judges of the court of fefiion in Scotland to fell such part or parts of the^ estate of Ma*• flier.dre, in the stewart.y of Kircudbright, which belong to Patrick Dunbar, late of Machermore, esquire, as shall be fustic.ent for the payment of the debts of the (aid Patrick Dunbar, and his predecessors, and the sums with which he charged the said estate.

60.  An a 61 for dividing a no inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other common** able lands and grounds, within the liberties and precindfs ot Greens Norton, and hamlet of Duncott, in the parish of Greens Norton, ip the county of Northampton.

61.  An a61 for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, downs, marlhes, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Charlton Marshall, in the county pf Dorftt,

62, An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

6fc. An a& for dividing and inclosing the commons and c’bm* monable lands in the parish of Mapowdef, in the county of Dorfet.

63.  An a£t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open common fields, ings, marsh, and waste grounds, within the towrt-(hip of Hirft Courtney, in the parish of Bitkin, in the weft riding of the county of York.

64.  An a£t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Purton, otherwise Puritan, in the county of Wilis.

65.  An a£t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, all the commons and waste lands and grounds within the parish of Chure. Staunton, in the county of Devon.

66.  An a<5t for dividing, ailot.ing, and iriel.sing, the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands, and grounds, and common or waste lands, within the parish of Sherborne, in the county of Warwick.

67.  An a£t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the common fields, half year or (hack lands, common meadows, heaths, commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish pf Honington, in the county of Suffolk.

68.  An a6f for confirming and establishing the division, ailot.ent, and inclosure, of certain whole year lands, cdmmon fields, half year or fhack lands, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Ranworth, in the county of Norfolk.

69.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and otherwise improving, several stinted moors, stinted pastures, wactes, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the park and forest of Wear-dale, in the parish of Stanhope, in the county of Durham.

70.  An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, waste grounds, and moste., within the town and hamlet of Ulversion., in the parish of ZJlverso.e, in the county palatine of Lancasse..

71.  An a6t for dividing, ailot.ing', and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds, and stinted pastures, within the hamlet of Moor gate, in the parish of Clarbrough, in the county of Nottingham.

72.  An a£f for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, certain moors, commons, and waste lands, lying and being within the parishes of South Brent and Lympsham, in the county of So-tnerse..

73.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste lands within the manor of Water Eaton, in the county of Stasso.d.

74.  An adf for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the township and liberty of Harworth, in the county of

Nottingham.

75.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common lammas meadow's, and a certain common calied.Chfftjiint Common, within the parish of Cheshun., in the county of Hertford.

'  76.  An

(Private) 39 GEO, HI.

76.  An act for diyiding and ailot.ing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parishe.

of Strats.rd-wder-the-Cajile and Milford, in the county of Wilts.

77.  An a61 to dissolve the marriage of Shuldham Peard esquire, with Elizabeth his now wife, late Elizabeth Bligh, and to enable

to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned,

78.  An act to dissolve the marriage of John Yh croton clerk, with Elizabeth his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

79.  An act for naturalizing Maria Grofcliner, otherwise Huntley.

80.  An act for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Coilot.jyEfcury.

81.  An act for naturalizing Wiilia. Conrad Korff.

82.  An act for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker Culvelje,

83.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the opet) arable fields, open meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the township of Grajihorpe, in the county of Nottingham.

84.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste lands* within the parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the county of Sufsex.

85.  An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and stinted pastures within the township of Long Prefton, in the parish of Long Prefiony in the weft riding of the county of York; and for embanking and draining several pareels.of ground within the fame township, calied.Long Prefton lags.

86.  An act for dividing and' inclosing a moor or common calied.Knayton Moor, and other waste lands, .within the township of Knayionj and paristi.of Leek, in the north riding of the county of York.

87.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the common fields, undivided enclosures, commons, waste grounds, and commonable places, within the towns.iips of Sandall Magna, Walton, and Crigglestone, in the parish of Sandall Magna, in the weft riding of the county of York.

88.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable and waste lands, grounds, and places, within the hamlet of Walton, in the parish of Aylejbuny, in the county of Bueking.am.

89.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, inclosing, and improving, divers open and common fields, common .meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the several parish.s of Lyddington vaith Caldecott and Uppingham^ m the county of Rutland^ anchalso.a common or waste within the fame county, calied.Uppingham Brand; and for extinguishing all the tythes arising within the lame parishes, and all the deer ferows. and rights of common upon Beaumont Chace> in the fame

county 1

A TABLE of the STATUTE’S.

county; and making a compensation for such tythes and common: rights respect.vely.

90.  An ad to amend an ad, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the open fields and common in the township of Althorpe, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining the fame and certain inclosed lands within the said township.

91.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and enclosing, the open and common fields, commons, wactes, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the county of Cambridge, and for extinguishing the tythes in the fame parish.

92.  An ad: for veiling part of the sett.ed estate of Richard Long esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to articles entered into for the sale thereof, and for applying the money arising theres.om for the several purposes therein mentioned.

93.  An ad for veiling the inheritance in fee simple of part of the sett.ed estates of iir Henry Every baronet, in trullees, in trust to make sale thereof, and to apply the money produced by such sale, or a competent part thereof, in payment and discharge of divers debts, charges, and incumbrances, asse.ting the fame, and to invell: the surplus of such money, (if any such shall be) in the pure.ase of other lands or hereditaments to be sett.ed to the fame uses.

•  94, An ad for esse.t.ng an exchange of lands between the

trust.es of the free grammar school in IVatton under Edge, in the county of Gloue.ster, and Nicholas O-wen Smythe Owen esquire.

95.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the arable lands, intermixed fields, meadows and pastures, commons and waste grounds, within the respective manors of Pattingham and Patjhull, in the county of Stasso.d,

96.  An a<5t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the common, fen droves, and waste lands, in the parish of Gojberton, in the county of Lincoln.

97.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, and pastures, within the parishes of Yarkhilly TVefton Beggard, Dormington, with the chapelry of 'Bartest.ee, in the said parish of Dormington and Stoke Edith, with the chapelry of TVejlhide, in the said parish of Stoke Edith, all in the county of Hereford,

98.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the several moors, commons, and wade lands, lying and being within the parish of Axbridge, in the county of Somerse.,

99.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the open common fields, commons, and waste grounds* within thq several manors or townships of Brayton, Thorp IVillowhy, Burton, and Gateforth ivith Lund,, in the parish of Brayton, in the weft riding of the county of York,

100.  An ad to divide, ailot, inclose, and improve, the several open fields, commons, and waste grounds, and other open and

unine.os.d

(Private) 39 GEO. III.

unine.os.d lands, in the parish of Tuxfordy in the county of Not*

tingham.

101.  An aft: for dividing, ailot.ing, and otherwise improving, all the common fields, commons, wactes, and other common-able lands and grounds, within the manor and paristi.of Ted-dington, otherwise Todingtony otherwise Tettingtony otherwise Tuddingtony in the county of Middlesex.

102.  An aft to dissolve the marriage of fir Hyde Parker knight, with Ann Botelery his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

103.  An aft to dissolve the marriage of Charles Collins Camp-bell esquire, a major in the army, with Harriett Frafer, his now* wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

104.  An aft to dissolve the marriage of John Buller, of Calcutta, in the provine. of Bengal^ in the East Indies, esquire, with Eliza Catherine JViggensy his now wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

105.  An act for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud.

106.  An act for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Behrends.

107.  An act for naturalizing Francis Louis count By land.

108.  An act for enabling trustees to convey, pursuant.to 2 contract.of sale already entered into, an estate at Charleyw&o&9 in the parish of Rickmers.orth, in the county of Herts, late belonging to fir David Lindfay baronet, deceased, devised, in strict sett.ement, by a codicil to his will; and for laying out the money arising theres.om in the pure.ase of other estates, to be sett.ed to the fame uses, with power of leasing.the estates to be sett.ed.

109.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and waste lands, within the "parishe. of Kempsford and Dryfftld, is the county of Gloue.ler.

no. An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons or waste grounds within or belonging to the manor of King1 s Bromley, and also certain open meadows or lands within the parish or manor of King's Bromley, aforesaid, in the county' ✓ of Stasso.d.

Hi. An aft of dividing, ailot.ing, and enclosing, the feverai commons, moors, and waste grounds within the manor of Cum-berworth, with Cumberworth Halfy in the parish.s of Silkjlone and Kirkburton., in the weft riding of the county of York.

112.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the feverai

commons, moors, and waste grounds, within the manor of North Crofdandy in the parish of Almondburyy in the weft riding of the county of York.  1

113.  An act for inclosing and leasing, or letting, certain common moors and waste.grounds lying within the township of KirkheaioUy in the weft riding of the county of Yorky and applying the prosi.s thereof in aid of the poors rate, highway rate^ and chure. rate, within the said township, and for confirming and estab.isti.ng the division, ailot.ents, and inclos.re* of the

open

^  '  Hosted  by  

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

open and iminclos.d fields, and also several exchanges of lands within the said township.

114.  An a& for dividing, ailot.ing, and enclosing, the several commons and waste lands within the manor and towns.iip of Dalton, iq the parish of Kirkheaton, in the weft riding of the county of York.

115.  An a& for dividing and ailot.ing the whole year or every year lands, common fields, half year or {hack lands, common meadows, heaths, warrens, fens, commons, and waste grounds, within the paristi.of Worlington, in the county of Suffolk.

116.  An adl for dividing, ailot.ing, and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and hamlet of Singleborough, in the parish of Great Horwood, in the county of Bueking.am.

117.  An adl for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and other open and commonable lands and waste grounds, lying in the parishes of Gra?jtchester.and Coton, in the county of Cambridge.

118.  An adt for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish and manor of Wyrardifbury, other-wife IVraifbury, in the county of Bueking.a?n.

119.  An adl for naturalizing George Erck.

120.  An adt for dividing, ailot.ing, inclosing, and laying in severalty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Pampiss.rd, La the county of Cambridge.

THE

THE

STATUTES at Large, See.

Anno regni GEORGII III. , Magnae Britannie.,  Francice,et ,  /r/-

cejimo nono.  '

A T  the parhame.t  begun and holden at Weft-

minster, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-sixth.year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE ‘Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith,  And from

thence continued, by several pror, to the twentieth day of November 1798 ; being the thirds.fjion the eighteenth parhame.t of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An a & for settling and securing a certain annuity on Horatio Nelfon, lord Nelfon, and the two next persons to whom the title of baron Nelfon of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the county of Norfolk, shall de-seen., in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said Horatio Nelfon, lordJNelfon, to his Majesty and the publick.—[December 17, 179

A life annuity of s,oool. a year sett.ed on lord Nelfon, and the two next succeeding heirs to his title, to commence from August.i, 1798, and to be paid quarterly.

CAP. II.

An a<ft for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.—-[December 17, 1798.]

Vol. XLIL  B  CAP.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on  ,

offices, and personal ejlates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar. malt, tobacco, and snuff., for the service of the year one thoujand seven hundred and ninety-nine.—[December 17, 1798.J

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.  TI THERE AS by an aft, pa fed in the thirty-eighth "year of the

38 Geo. 3.  V V reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a6f for making

c. 60, recited# perpetual, subj.6f to redemption and pure.ase in the manner therein Stated, the several films of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the several and respective sums of money granted to your Majesty by a land tax, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty which were or Jhould be charged on any manors, mess.uagesy lands, tenementSy or hereditamentr, in Great Britain, arey after the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continued and ?nacte.perpetual, with a provise.n that the several sums of money charged upon ejlates in ready money, debtSy goodsy wareSy mer-chandizeSy or personal estate.y or upon any person or persons in respect of any publick office or employment of prof t in the said aft mentionedy Jhould\ after the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-niney be asce.tainedy leviedy colles.edy and paidy according to the directions of any aft or afts to be pass.ed for that pur-pose: now we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britainy in parhame.t astem.led, taking into our serious consideration such expences as are absolutely necefiary for supporting your Majesty’sgovernment,andbeing resolved to Supply the fame, have for that end and purpose chears.lly and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this a£l give and grant, unto your Ma-jest., the several and respective rates, assessments, and duties, and sums of money hereast.r mentioned: and we do most humbly be-feech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Rates on per- parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the fonal estate, several and respective Sums of money which (hall have been, or Shall be charged upon estates in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels or other personal estate, by virtue of an aft, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present - Majesty, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a c 6oCandaIfo tax t0 ralfe^ in Great Britain, for the service of the year one on offices, thousandseven.hundred and ninety-eight; and which were not autho-pensions, &c, rifed to be fold in or by another a61, made and palied.in the fame to be levied, thirty-eighth year aforesaid, intituled. An act for making perpetualy ^earl.fr<oin ffibjest.to redemption and pure.ase in the manner therein Jlatedy the March 25, several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land taxy 1799*  for

charged by 38 Geo. 3. c. 5. and not authorised to be fold by

-i798.3 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IIL 0.3. .  3

for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thou find seven hundred and ninety-eight; and aJfo the several Turns of money herein-after charged in respect of any publick offices or employments, or any annuities, pensions, stipends, or other annual payments, (hall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, within the space of one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety* nine, and (hall be aseer.ained, assessed, and taxed, in such manner and form as are herein after expreiTed.

II. And be it further enabled, That the several and respective Perfonal Turns of money which shall have been or fnall be charged, by ekates (ex-virtue of the said ad, on personal estates as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby fet and imposed on the several and respective on land, parishes, constable.icks, divisions, ailot.ents, and places, where- household in the fame have been or shall be fo charged by virtue of the j^anl^his said ad; and that towards raising the said several and respective  to

Turns of money hereby charged on the respective parishes, con- be charged, stable.icks. divisions, ailot.ents, and places, in England, Wales, with as much and Berwick, as aforesaid, in respect of such personal ellate as eclll?^T *s aloresaid, all and every person and persons, bodies politick and pound^ate * corporate, guilds and fraternities, within the fame parishes, con- for every 100I. ffablewicks, divisions, ailot.ents, and places respectively, having in value, any estate in ready money, or in any debts whatsoever owing to them, within Great Britain or without, or having any estate in goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or other personal estate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in trust for them, (except and out of the premises deducted, such Turns as he, she, or they, do bona fide owe, and such debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective corn-missioner. appointed by this ad, and also except the stock upon lands, and such goods as are used for household fluff, and also except such loans and debts as arecr shall be owing from his Majesty to any person or person.), shall be charged with as much equality and indifferene. as is possible, by a pound rate; that is to fay, By an equal pound rate for every one hundred pounds of such ready money and debts, and for every one hundred pounds worth of such goods, wares, and merchandizes, chattels, or other personal estate, and fo for any lefier or greater sum or value, for or towards the said several and respective Turns by this ad fet or imposed, or intended to be fet or imposed, for and upon all and every such parishes, constable.icks, divilions, ailot.ents, and places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid, fo that by the said rates fo to be taxed or aflefTed as aforesaid, for or upon the said ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or other personal estate, according to the purport and true meaning of this present ad, the full and entire sums hereby fet or imposed, or intended to be fet and imposed, in England,

Wales, and Berwick, as aforesaid, upon the said personal estates, shall be completely and efFedually taxed, aftefTed, levied, and collected, and shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s The rate to exchequer by four quarterly payments, the fir ft payment thereof terly^and^be

B 2  *°  first payment

4  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798,

by June 24,  to be made on or before the twenty-fourth day of June which

11799•  (hall be in the year of Our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-nine.

Offices and HI. And be it further enacted, That, for and towards railing rned°bmentS ^evera^ l*urns of 'money hereby charged on persons in respect j8 Geo. 3, poblick offices or employments of prosi., all and every person and persons, and all and every commissioner and commissioners, having, uling, or exereis.ng, any publick office or employment of prosi. in England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforesaid, which is, or (hall be, rated or afiefied by virtue of an aft, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

c. 5. (military offices of the army or navy ex. cepted ), to

pay the rate  _  w

afiefied there- aft for granting an aid to bis Majesty by a land tax, to be raised on^under that -n Great Britain, for the fey-vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and all and every their clerks, agents, secondaries, substitutes, and other inferior ministers whatsoever, (such.military officers who are or (hall be in muster by the muster mailer general of his Majesty’s army, or in pay in his Majesty’s army or navy, in respect of such offices only excepted), (hall yield and pay unto his Majesty any sum not exceeding the sum at which such office or employment is or shall be afiefied in the year commencing from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by virtue of the said a<51, pasted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year and pensions one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight ; and that all and every and annuities person an(] persons, guilds, fraternities, bodies politick and corout of ^re-S porate, having an annuity, pension, (lipend, or other yearly pay-mises, or in* ment, either out of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer in eluded in any England, or out of any branch of his Majesty’s revenue in u^emthem Great Britain, or payable, or secured to be paid by any person under^SGeo. or Perf°ns whatsoever in Great Britain, (not being or iflsuing.* out of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or charged upon the fame, or ineluded.in any afleftment made upon lands, tenements, or hereditaments, mentioned in the said a<51, pasted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousands.vetrshun.dred and ninety-eight, and not being annuities or yearly payments, which, by any aft or afts of parhame.t made or to be made, are or (hall be especially exempted from the payment of taxes or aids), shall yield and pay unto his Majesty the sum of four (hillings for every twenty (hillings, by the year, for every such annuity, pension, stipend, or yearly payment respectively, and after that rate for one whole year; the said several rates and sums of money hereby granted to be afiefied, imposed, levied, and collected, in such manner as herein-after is mentioned.

Commission. IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better afiefsing, fan d tax ^  ordering, levying, and collecting of the several sums of money To

pointed by * as  limited  and  appointed to be raised and paid in the

37 Geo. 3. aforesaid part of Great Britain calied.England\ Wales, and Ber~ c. 35, and  wick

3. c. 5. or not exempted), to pay 4s. in the pound.

1798‘] Anno regni tricesimo norio Georgii III. c. 3*  5

wick upon Tweed, and for the more esse.tual putting this ad in  t

execution in referene. to the fame, all and every person and adAn^ persons who in and by an ad of parhame.t, made and palied.in execution, the thirty-seven.h year of his Majesty?s reign, intituled, An act for appointing commissioners for putting in execution an aft of this fejfion of parhame.t, intituled; ‘An act for granting an aid to his Majessy.hy a land tax, to he raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety fe ven J or in and by another act, made and patted in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the commissioners appointed by an aft made in the last fejjion of parhame.t, to put in execution an aft, made in the fame fejfion, intituled, ‘An act for granting an aid to his Majessy.by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven J and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned afty to put in execution an aft of this fejfion of parhame.t, for granting an aid to his Majessy.by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight > and for indemnifying such persons as have acted as commissioners for executing the said aft, for granting an aid to his Majefiy by a land tax, to be raised to Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ? we re named and appointed commissioners for putting in execution the fame ads within the several counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, divisions, and places of England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Ezveed, duly qualifying themselyes.according to the said ad, patted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majessy, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majessy.by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight 5 in that belial., lhall be com-missioner. for putting in execution this present ad, and the powers therein contained, within and for all and every the parishes, constable.icks, divisions, ailot.ents, and places, lituate within the fame counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, divisions, and places, respect.vely.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several commissioners Committon-aforesaid.shall meet together at the most usual and common ers to meet on places of meeting within their respective hundreds, lathes, rapes, °J before wapentakes, wards, and other divisions respectively, within Eng- J7^f 30> land, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, within which they are appointed commissioners, on or before the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and shall meet afterwards in like manner, as osten.as it (hall be necessary, for putting fo much of this ad in execution as is hereby committed to their care and charge; and the said commissioners, or fo many to insped.the of them as shall be present at such meeting or meetings, or the assessments major part of them, are hereby authorised and required to insped.Undine March and examine the attettinents made by virtue of the said ad, for 1799,0a the year ending on the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand personal seven hundred and ninety-nine, and aseer.ain the several and re- estate, <of-

b3  sped.ve  fices* &c‘and

6  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798*

diiUnguifh  fpeblive sums of money charged by virtue of the said abl, in every

thols. on°lTnd•  constable.ick, division, ailot.ent, or place, for and in re-

’ fp.ebl of any estate in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or other perfopal estate ; and also for and in resp.btof any offices or employments of prosi., annuities, pensions, or stipend, as aforesaid, by any assessment made for the said year ending on the said twenty-fist. day' of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and separate, divide, and fet down in writing, the amount of the several and resp.blive sums charged upon estates in readyr monies, debts, goods, wares and merchandizes, chattels, or other personal estate, and also the several and resp.blive sums charged in resp.bl of any offices or employments of prosi., annuities, pensions, or stipends, as aforesaid, from the monies charged in such parishes, constable.icksf divisions, ailot.ents, or places by virtue of the said abl, upon lands, tenements,

and to deliver or hereditaments : and the said commissioners are hereby re-3. lene.iile  •  •  *  J  •

containin^the ^uired to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a schedule or dupli-

ium affiriled cate, in parclime.t, under their hands and seals, fairly written, on each place, containing the whole sum assessed on each parish, constable.ick^ division, ailot.ent, or place, where any assessment shall have been made upon personal estates, or in resp.bl of offices and employments of prosi.s, annuities, pensions, or stipends, and also the christian names and surnames of the resp.blive asse.lors and neral, and^^ collectors, unto the receiver general of each county, riding, city.

of the afTcf-fors and collectors to the receiver ge-

transmit. schedule to tne remem

borough, town, and place resp.blively, where such aflesh.ents shall have been made, or his deputy, and shall trans.ir, or cause braneer.s of- to be transmitted, a like schedule or duplie.te into the King’s ^.ce_°^thet e_x" remembrane.r’s office of the exchequer, and this the commis. fioners shall cause to have done on or before the tenth day of May out thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; for which duplie.tes the receiver and remembraneer, or their resp.blive deputies, shall give to the person who brings the fame a receipt, in writing, gratis, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be re-

chequer, be fore May io, 1799.

A receipt to be given for fchedictes, on

|  1  ill VV 1 « Lll J  V

pena ryo io . coyerecj t0 tjie  use  as other penalties are by this abl reco-

whaie.h ff verable-

ments are ' VI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That every

made, for the parish or place, in which any aftefiment shall have been or shall.

year ending be made under and by virtue of the said last recited abl on any

March 35, person or persons in resp.bl of any offices or employments of j under  *  »  +  \  ~

38 Geo, 3. prosi., annuities, pensions, or stipends, by any assessment for the

c. 5. inresp.bl year ending on the twenty-fist. day o{March one thousand feyen of offices, See. hundred and ninety-nine, shall, from and after that time, be wholly discharged from fo much of the sums to be levied upon such parish or place according to the proportions establish.d under the said recited abt.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That all and every the pow-

t  ‘  :  ‘  ‘  '

to be thereast.r discharged from the sums thereby levied, rovvers and

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting an »m c. 5.  aid  to his Majejty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for

made perpe- the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

are

ers, rules, penalties, fors.itures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by the said abl, palied.in the thirty-eighth year 0}

1798] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.  7

are provided and estab.ithed for aseer.aining, raising, levying, miti- tual by 3S gating, adjudging, paying, and managing the rates and afiefs.ents tobeputin0* granted by the said adt• and which, by the said other adt, passed in execution in the fame thirty-eighth year aforesaid, intituled, An act for making levying the perpetual, subject to redemption and pure.ase in the manner therein rates under fated the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a ^IS a * land tax for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thou-sand.seven hundred and ninety-eighty are continued and made perpetual in relation to the rates and afTefTments charged on lands, tenements, and hereditaments, until the redemption and pure.ase thereof, {hall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the aseer.aining, railing, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the rates, afTefTments, and sums of money to be charged, afTefTed, and levied by virtue of this adt, as fully and esse.tually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, penalties, and fors.itures, clauses, matters, and things, were particulari. repeated and re-enacte. in this a6V.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That in cafe the proportions Where defi-fet by this adt upon all and every the respective parishes, con-fhblewicks, divisions, ailot.ents, and places, in England, Wales, ments to be and Berwick upon Tweedy in respect of any such personal eft ate as made, aforesaid, (hall not be fully afTefTed, levied, and paid, according to the true meaning thereof, or if any of the said afTefTments in respect of such personal estate (hall be rated or imposed upon any person not being of ability to pay the fame, or that, through any wilfulness, negleet. mistake, or accident, the said afTeflment, charged in each parish or place as aforesaid by virtue of this adt, happens not to be paid to the receiver general, his deputy or deputies, as in this adt is directed, that then and in all and every such cafe or cases.the several and respective commis.loners, af-feflors, and collectors, acting in the execution of this adt, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to assess and re-assess, or cause to be afTefTed and re-afTefled, levied, and paid, all and every such sum and sums of money upon the respective parishes or places wherein such deficiencies shall happen, as to the said commissioners, or such number of them as by this adt are authorised to cause the said first assessment hereby required to be made, {hall seem rnofl agreeable to equity and justice; the said new afTeflment to be made, collected, and paid, in such manner, and by such means, as in this adt or any adt hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other afTefTments.

IX.  Andy in order to aseer.ain more particulari. the mode of of -fejsing.and rating the several persons who shall be charged with any rate or asse.fmenty in respect of any efates in ready money9 debtSy or personal estate. in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, Perfons to be be it further enacted, That every person who is or {hall be rated where rated for or in respect of any personal estate to him or her any- resident. ways belonging, shall be rated at such place where he or file shall be relict.nt at the time of the execution of this adt \ and all persons 'not being householders, nor having a certain place of

E 4  relict.ne..

Perfonal ef-tate to be af-

8  Anno  regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

residene., shall be taxed at the place where they, {hall be resident and if out of at the time of the execution of this acct; and if any person who 5n\hens.cem> oug^t taxe<^ *,n England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed\ by of their ialt virtue of this ad, for or in respect of his or her personal estate, abode.  fbiall at the time of his or her assessment be out of the realm,

such.person shall be rated theres.re in such parish, constable.ick, division, ailot.ent, or place, where he was last abiding within this realm.

X. Provided always, That where any person shall have any selle.'where it g°°ds, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or personal estate, in any shall be. parish or parishes, constable.ick or constable.icks, division or divisions, ailot.ent or ailot.ents, or place or places, other than the parish, constable.ick, division, ailot.ent, or place, where he or she shall be resident, or had his or her residene., it shall be laws.l, at any time before the twenty-fourth day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to rate and aftess.such person for such goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or personal estate, in any parish or parishes, constable.ick or constable.icks,'division.or divisions, ailot.ent or ailot.ents, or place or places, where Perfons dou- the fame shall be; provided also, That if any person or persons, KSedo,^byreason.fhis, her, or their, having several mansion houses or places of residene., or otherwise, (hall be doubly charged for any personal estate by occasion of this a<ft, then upon certifie.te made by any two or more of the commis.ioners for the county, riding, city, or pface, of his, her, or their last personal residene., under their hands and seals, of the sum or sums charged upon him, her, • or them,; (which certifie.te the said commis.ioners are hereby required to give without delay, fee, or reward), and upon oath made of such certifie.te before any two commis.ioners who have authority; to put this a<ft in execution for the county, riding, city, or $lace, where the said certifie.te shall be made, which oath the said commis.ioners are hereby authorised and required to administer, then the person or persons fo doubly charged shall, for fo much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other parish, constable.ick, division, ailot.ent, or place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

XI. Provided also, That this a<ft shall not extend to the inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, "Jerse., or Guernfey, for aflefiing any such personal estate, which they, or any to their use, have land, Ireland, within those places, for or towards the said sum hereby autho-

the excess on certifie.te.

This aft not to extend to personal ef-tates in Scot-

Jerse., or Guernfey.

rifed to be charged upon any parish or parishes, constable.ick or constable.icks, division or divisions, ailot.ent or ailot.ents, or place or places in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tvjeed, as aforesaid ; and if any person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this a (ft, for or in resp.<ft of his or her personal estate, {hall, by changing his or her place of residene., or by any other fraud or covin, escape from the taxation, and not be taxed, and the fame be proved before the cornmissioner., or any two or more of them, Perfonsavoid- at any time within one year next after such tax made, every. b^c^ar"ed, t0 Per^on ^iat shall escape j$om the taxation and payment shall treble. ^ be charged, upon proof thereof, at treble the value of fo much

r  as

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.  9

as he or (he should or ought to have been charged at by this ad; the said treble value, upon certifie.te thereof made into the exchequer by the commis.ioners before whom such proof {hall be made, to be levied on the goods, lands and hereditaments of such person..

XII.  And for the better disc.vevy of personal estate intended to he charged by this a£l^ be it further enabled. That every householder

in England, Wales, or Berwick vpon Tweedy {hall, upon demand count^otkhtir of the aftest.rs of the respective parishes or places, give an ac- lodgers, on count of the names and qualities of such persons as shall sojourn penalty of'5I. or lodge in their respective houses, under the penalty of fors.iting to his Majesty the sum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner as anv other penalty in this ad mentioned (hall and may be levied and recovered.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That the several members ^hame.t to' of parhame.t who, at the execution of this ad, during this or {,e rated at the subsequent session of parhame.t, (hall abide within the cities their mansion of London and Weftininjler, and the suburbs of the fame, or house.. within the county of Middlesex, (hall for or in respect of their

ready money or debts, or any other tax which may be laid on their personal estate or persons in respect thereof, during this or the next'fess.on of parhame.t, be afteste. only in the places where such members havv. their mansi.n houses, or other places where they most usually reside during the intery.ls of parhame.t; and in cafe any asse.tor or commis.ioner shall actes., or cause to be actes.ed, any member of parhame.t, contrary to the provision hereby made, he or they (hall fors.it to the party grieyed.the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, or upon the cafe, together with full eofts of fuit; any things herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.  Provided always, That where any person liable to be Inhabitants of

rated in respect of such personal estate, and inhabiting within *owns’ *iav~ y ■ r t i  r  1  *  -7- mg personal.

the city of London^ or any other city or town corporate in Eng- e^ate in one

land, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweedy hath his dwelling house in or more pa-

one of the parishes or wards therein, and hath any goods, wares, rishe., to be

or merchandizes, in any one or more of the other parishes or  m  the.

7  j  *  one where

wards within the fame, that then such person shall be taxed, they rep1(ie#

charged, and actes.ed, for such his goods and merchandizes in

the parish or ward where he dwelleth,- and not elsewhere within

the laid city and town corporate.

XV.  And be it further enacted, That the officers in the re- Officers of the ceipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and in other the publick offi- and oSier** ces, upon request to them made by the respective aftest.rs, shall pUbjick of-deliver gratis, true lifts or accounts of all pensions, annuities, fices, on rje-stipends, or other annual payments, and of all fees, salaries, and quelh to de-other allowane.s, payable at the said receipt, or in the said pub-

lick offices, to any commissioner or commissioners, officer or nuities See/ officers, for the execution of this ad, for the better guidane. of to the com* the said aftest.rs in the charging of the fame ; and that in all cases.missioner., where an pensions, annuities, stipends, or other yearly payments, or the fee*alaries, wages, or other allowane.s or prosi.s, charged aipeflor<^

by

1 aift

;ejralat

IO

of payment oi the rate, it tn.iy be there stopped, &c.

AnnoregnitrlcefimononoGEORGii III. c. 3. [1798.

and in desau.t by this a<5l, (hall be payable at the receipt of the exchequer, or *'1 "at any other publick office, or by any of his Majesty’s receivers or paymasters in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the tax or payment which in pursuance of this adf, (hall be charged for or in resp.6l of such annuities, stipends, fees, salaries, wages* allowane.s, or prosi.s, shall and may (in cafe of non-payment thereof) be detained and flopped out of the fame, or out of any money which shall be paid upon such pensions, annuities, stipends, fees, salaries, wages, allowane.s, or prosi.s, or for arrears thereof, and be applied to the satisfaction of the rates and duties not other-wife paid as aforesaid; and the proper officers in the said exchequer, and other the publick offices aforesaid, shall keep true accounts of all monies flopped, and (upon reques.) shall give copies of such accounts to the proper collectors of such monies for the respective parishes or places where the said monies are assessed by this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every person in England\

Officers to pay

where em ploy.d, &c.

Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or assessed for his office or employment, shall be rated and pay for his said office or employment in the county, city, or place, where the fame shall be exer-cifed, although the revenue or prosi.s arising by such office or employment are payable elsewhere.

XVII. Provided always, That the right honourable the master of the rolls, the mailers in chaneery, fix clerks, clerks of the petty bag, examiners, registers, clerks of the inroJments, clerks of the affidavit and subpoena offices, and all other the officers of the court of chaneery, that execute their offices within the liberty of the rolls, shall there be a lie lied for their respective offices, salaries, and other prosi.s, and not elsewhere; and the laid mailers in chaneery.for the time being, and the said fix clerks and registers for the time being, shall be the com-missioner. for putting in execution, and shall put in execution this act within the said liberty, and exereis. the powers therein contained; and that all annuities, stipends, and pensions, payable to any officers in respect of their offices, shall be taxed and assessed where such officers are rated arid assessed for their to b^°ratedC* °®ces’ an<^ not elsewhere; and that all other pensions, stipends, where

Officers in chaneery.to 1 e aliened in the rolls liberty.

Matters in chaneery, iix clerks, and remitters, to be eom-inishone.s.

payable.

Where any office is exec iited by deputy, the a He II ment to be pai l l y him, See,

and annuities, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweedy not charged upon lands, shall be charged and assessed in the parishes and places where they are payable.

XVIII. And whereas divers officer and employments of prosi., chargeable by this aft, are executed by deputy, and the principal officers Jiving in places remote from the divijion, paris.h or place, where such offices or employments are taxable, the rates and asse.fimentsfor such particular offices and employments cannot be recovered without great charge and difficulty ; be it theres.re enabled, That where any office or employment of prosi., chargeable by this a£t, is or shall be executed by deputy, such deputy shall pay such afl’eflment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct.the fame out of the prosi.s of such office or employment; and in cafe of refusal or nonpayment thereof, such deputy shall be liable to such dif&fs as by

this

IX

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, 0* 3.

this a <51 is prese.ibed against any person having and enjoying any office or employment of prosi., and to .all other remedies and penalties therein respectively contained ; and that there shall be the like remedies and penalties for the recovering the monies, afteste. upon any such office or employment of prosi. to the land tax for the year one thousand seven hundred and fix, and for any subsequent year not yet iatisfied, in all cases.where the accounts of those years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the exchequer.

XIX.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Her ™

That this ac5t, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge,  royal

or be construed to charge, her majesty, the Queen, or any of family, not the royal family, for or in resp.^t of any annuities or yearly chargetblein payments granted to her said Majesty, and to their said royal reipedt of higlines.es; but that such sums of money, annuities, or yearly annuities* payments, and her said Majesty, and their royal higlines.es, and

their treasurers, receivers general, and seryan.s, for the time being, in respect of the fame, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever.

XX.  Provided also. That this acl, or any of the several clauses Superan-herein contained, shall not extend to charge the pensions of any superannuated commission or warrant sea.officers, or the pensions pens.n’s Qf of widows of sea.officers flain in the service of the crown; or the widows of revenue of the inoft noble order of the garter ; or the pensions of sea officers, the poor knights of Witidfor^ payable out of the exchequer only; or

to charge a certain pension of one hundred pounds granted by the pens.0n late King Charles the Second to the poor clergy of the IJle of Man; poor clergy or to charge the pensions or salaries of his Majesty’s pages of ofthelfleos.honour; or of the officers and persons employ.d. or to be Man, or the employ.d. in collecting the tolls and duties payable by virtue of honour or any acto. a<5ls of parhame.t for making, repairing, or maintain- the salaries ingany publick roads, by reason of their said offices or employ- of collectors merits, or any salary arising thereby.  ‘  °* tolls, not

XXI.  And whereas the rents and revenues belonging to the c r^e reside.liaries of the cathedral chure.es in England and Wales are chargeable to the land tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, and

in some cases.the overplus of the said rents and revenues above such tax repairs, and other charges, is to go in Jhare. for the maintenance of the said resident.ries, which fares are diminished by the said land pe/^entarjes tax; it is provided and ena<5ted, That in such cases.rhe laid not'chargeable resident.aries shall not, by this a<5l or any of the clauses therein in certain contained, be further chargeable as enjoying offices of prosi. out cases, of the said rents and revenues; any thing heiein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII.  And whereas by the said act, pajfeel.in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a<5t for making perpetual, subject to redemption and pure.ase in the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great.

Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenry-fist. clay of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it was enact.ef That the several duties hnposed.on sugar, by three adls of the

twenty-

11

Duties on  i

sugar.by  j

27 Geo. 3. c.13.  .

24. Geo. 3. c. ( 4. and  •

37 Geo. 3. c. 1 s j on malt, by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13 ; and the duties of excise on tobacco and snuff, by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68; which, by 38 Geo. 3. C. 60. were to cease on March 25,

3799,  to be continued till March 25,

3800.

Monies paid into the exchequer under this act to be entered separate from other payments.

2,000. oool. may be borrowed on the credit of this ad.

Tallies of loan to be itruck, See.

Anno regni triceiimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

'wenty-seventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-seven.h years of the reign of bis present Majessy.; on malt by an aft ?nade in the twenty-seven.h year f the reign of his present Majessy; and the duties of excise on tobacco md snuff, by an aft made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, Jhould continue in force until the twenty-fist. day of Match one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and. no longer, but Jhould fr 0771 thenceforth cease and detennine, unless the fame Jhould be sped.ily continued by parlia7ne7it; be it further enabled, That the said several duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, and the said ads granting the fame, and all the provisions thereot, lhall be, and the fame are hereby severally and respec.tively continued, from and after the expiration of the time limited, as aforesaid, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred 5 and all the monies arising thereby, which (hall be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer, shall be entered separate and distine. from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty.

XXIII.  And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, one book of register, in which all the money that shall be paid into the exchequer for the rates and duties hereby granted on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, and also the rates and asse.Tments hereby granted on personal estates, and on offices and employments of prosi., pensions, annuities, and stipends, herein-before mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distine. from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty.

XXIV.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be laws.l to and for any person or persons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advane. or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two miilion., upon the funds hereby established and made chargeable as aforesaid, and such other monies as are by this ad appointed for repaying the fame, with the interest thereof, and to have and receive, for their forbearance of the money lent, interest after a rate not exceeding four pounds and ten /hillings per centum per annum, upon or in respect of the whole amount of the money fo raised, foas such loans to be allowed be made by the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorise.to issue their warrants for that purpose, as faft as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service ; and moreover, that no money fo to be lent upon security of this ad shall be rated or afteste. by virtue of this ad, or any other ad or ads of parhame.t whatsoever.

XXV.  And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this ad as aforesaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, shall immediately have a tally of loan struck for the fame? and

an

 Go< [e .

1798.”} Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 1IL c. 3. ■  13

an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date _ with his, her or their tally 3, in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for the payment of interest for the forbearance thereof, fo that such interest do not exceed, upon or in respect of the whole amount of the monies raised, the said rate of four pounds and ten {hillings per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all such orders for payment of money fo to be Snistere. and lent {hall be registered in course, according to the dates re- jn COurfe. fpe&ively; and that all .and every person and persons {hall be paid in course, according as their orders {hall stand registered in the said register books, fo as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entered in the said book of register, {hall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the monies to come in by virtue of this adt; and he, {he, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and fo fucceftively and in course; and that the monies composing the funds established by virtue of this act shall be in the fame order liable to the satis.adfion of the said respective persons and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, administrators, successors, or asti.ns respec.tively, without any undue prese.ence of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever; and No fee for that no fee, reward, or gratuity, direct.ly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s subjects, for providing or making any such books or registers, or any entries, views, or seare.es, in or for payment of money lent, or the interect: thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieyed.by the party offending, with full costs of fuss; or if the officer himself take or demand any such fee or reward, then to fors.it his place also; and if any undue prese.ence of one Penalty for before another {hall be made either in point of registry or undue prepayment, contrary to the ti^ue meaning of this adf, by any such Terene., officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable, by aCfion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full costs of fuit, to the party aggrieyed, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if such prese.ence (hall be unduly made by any deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his master, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damage, and costs, and shall for ever be incapable of his place or office: and in rafe the auditor of the receipt shall not di.redl the said orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teliers.make payment upon such order according to each person.s due place and order, as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to fors.it, and the respective deputies and clerks therein offending to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, in such manner as aforesaid: all which said.

penalties,

__

i4

It shall not be deemed undue prese.ence which of the tallies, dated or brought the fame day, are ftrll entered ; nor if fuhfe-quent orders be paid before such as were

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

penalties, fors.itures, damages, and coils, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, (hall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majessy.s courts of record at Weft-minjlcr ; wherein no efToin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, shall be in anywise granted or allowed.

XXVI.  Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it (hall happen that several tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as aforesaid, bear date, -or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be registered ; then it shall be interpreted no undue prese.ence which of those be entered first, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

XXVII.  Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue prese.ence to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor direct., and the clerk of the pells record, and the teliers.do pay subsequent orders to persons that come and demand their

Orders assign.abk.

not demanded monies, and bring their orders, before other persons who did not in courie. come to take their monies and bring their orders in course; fo as there be fo much money reserved as will satisfy precedent order§; which shall not be otherwise disposed of but kept for them; interes. upon loan being to cease from the time the money is fo reserved and kept in bank for them.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, to whom any money shall be due for loans to be rc-giflered by virtue of this ad, after order entered into the book of register aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by proper words of alignment, to be indorsedan. written on his, her, or their order, may assign and transfer, his, her, or their right, title, interest, and benefit of such order to any other; which being notis.ed in the office of the auditor of the receipt

/aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of regis.er as aforesaid for orders, (which the officers shall upon request, without fee or charge, accordingly make), shall entitle such assignee, his executors, administrators, fuccelTors, and assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee may, in like manner, assign again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who hath or have made any such assignment to make void, release or dif-chargethe fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XXIX.  And to the end there may he no want or failure of a certain sum, not to exceed in the whole two miilion., to he raised either by such loans as aforesaid, or by ijsuing.exchequer bills, as is herein’ after mentioned, or by both or either of those ivays or means,for the publick

service, be it further provided and enacted, That in cafe the com-missioner. of his Majessy.s treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the common sum, commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall judge it or different more advise.ble to raise the said sum of two miilion., or any part sums, in the thereof, by exchequer bills, instead of such loans as aforesaid;

that then they resp.itively are hereby authorised and empowered,

at

Commission.ers of the treasury empowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one

principal

monies.

r5

1797.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.

at any time or times, at once. Or by such proportions at a time as they respec.tively shall find to be most for the advantage of the publick, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, in such method and form as they or he shall think most safe and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common sum or different sums in the principal monies; fo that in cafe there (hall be no loans made, then all the principal sums to be contained in che said bills to be made forth by this acct filial. not exceed two miilion.; and in cafe any such loans (hall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal sums to be contained in the said bills to be made forth by this act, together with such loans fo made, ftiall not exceed the said sum of two miilion.*

XXX.  And be it further enacted, That the said bills to  t  ^

prepared and made in pursuance of this act (hall and may bear an interest at an interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds and ten (hillings 4b jos. per per centum per annum, upon or in resp.Cf of the whole amount of oent* Per the monies thereby railed, and proportionably for any greater or aan'

less.sum.to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said interest (hall be abated and saved upon such of the said bills to be made forth by this a61 as shall at any time or times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or collectors of any taxes, aids, or revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during such time and times resp.es.ively as such bills shall be or remain in the said receipt, or in such hands or power as aforesaid.

XXXI.  And it is hereby enacted, That all the said bills fo to Thefe bills to be prepared and made shall be numbered arithmetically, beginning be numbered with No, /, and fo proceeding in an arithmetical progression.af- ari]^ITuU* cending, wherein the common excess or differene. shall always **

be one, and shall be registered according!}/, fo that the principal sum be contained in every such bill, (after the payment of the loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the interest thereof, or reserving money sufficient for that purpose), may regulari. be paid off and discharged, in course, according to the number of every such bill as it ftiall stand in the said register ; and that the interest upon all and every the said bills shall be payable every three months, according to the purport and true meaning of this a£l; and that upon every such bill there shall be indorsed, printed or written, in words at length or in figures, the sum after which the principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such course as aforesaid, according to the purport and true meaning of this a6t.

XXXII.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That in cafe Treasur. the said sum, not exceeding two miilion., shall be raised partly dire.^ lbe

by loans, and partly by exchequer bills, according to the powers tor lo^s before given by this aci; that then, and in such cafe, it shall and or exchequer may be laws.l to and for the commis.ioners of his Majesty’s bills* treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commis.ioners of the treasury for the time being, when and as osten.as they ftiall, by virtue of the said powers* direct any such loans to be taken, or any such.

exche-

•  CjOO^Ic

i6  Anno  regni  tricesimo  nono  Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

exchequer bills to be made out, at the fame time also to direct and appoint the course and order in which such loans and exchequer bills (hall (land upon the said register, and after what time they {hall respectively begin to be payable in course, fo as no subs.-quent loans or exchequer bills be made to alter the course at first appointed for prior loans or exchequer bills at the time of taking in or making out such prior loans or exchequer bills; any thing . herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. chequ/s^^cc? XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the said bills (hall be prepared and made with such cheques, indents, or counters.ils, as {hall be directed by the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being; and that the person or persons who is, are, or shall be appointed to pay off the said bills in course, (hall from time to time have the use and custody of one part of all the cheques, indents, or counters.ils of the said exchequer bills to be prepared and made by virtue of this a61, from which the said bills (hall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counters.it or forged bills; and that the undertakers, contractors for exchanging or circulating the said bills, or such of them as shall be current, (hall from time to time have the use and custody, of one other part of the said cheques, indents, or counters.ils of the said exchequer bills from which the fame shall have been cut off as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by any counters.it or forged bills; and that all the said parts of the said cheques, indents, or counters.ils, shall be delivered back into the exchequer, when the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this adt shall be paid off, cane.lied, and dise.arged.

The bills to XXXIV. And it is hereby enact.ed, That the commissioners cash.n the3S  trea^ur7>  or  any  ^ree or more of them now being, and the

exchequer. said high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of -the treasury for the time being, shall, and they are hereby respec.tively authorised and empowered, to cause such bills as (hall be prepared by virtue of this adl, to be placed as fo much cash in the resp.6tive offices of the teliers.of the said receipt of exchequer, each and every of which teliers.shall be severally charged with a proportion of the said bills which, shall be fo placed in his office r.esped.ively; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Clauses.in the XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the said bills to malt ad re- jfluec] as aforesaid shall be current in like manner, and with cheque^biUs fQC^ privileges and advantages, and subject to such rules and di-extended to rect.ons, as are prese.ibed and enacted by an act of this present this.  session  of  parhame.t,  (intituled. An aff for continuing and granting

to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mu?n, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand Jeven hundred and ninety-nine), for or coneer.ing the exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth; and that all and every the clauses and provisoes in the said last.mentioned adl relating to the currene., exchanging, or receiving the fame last.mentioned exchequer bills by any publick receivers of aids, taxes, or (applies, or in his Majesty's receipt of the exchequer, or fur preventing the forging, counters.iting.

i79&.] Anno regni tficefimo liono Gsids.Gli III. c. 3.  *7

terse.ting, or altering the fame bills, or for making out new bills jn the room of such as shall be filied.up with indorse.ents, loft* burnt, defaced, or otherwise destroyed, or for making out exchequer bills of five thousand pounds each, or for making^out exchequer bills without bearing interect, or for making them afterwards to bear an interect, or a higher or lower rate of interect, from time to time, as the contractor. (hall agree to* or for preventing any misapplie.tion of the fund on which the fame are charged, or any other misbehaviour of any officers coneer.ed in the receiving, ifsuing, exchanging, paying off, or cane.lling the fame last.mentioned exchequer bills; or for enabling the com- . mifiioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to contract from time to time with any person or persons, body or  1

bodies politick or corporate, for payment of the interest of, or exchanging for ready money, on demand, the exchequer bills there-* by authorised to be isti.ed, at a rate or premium -not exceeding four pounds and ten (hillings p£r centum per annum; or for preventing any disabilities in such contractors, or for making them not liable to be bankrupts on account of such contracts; or for appointing a paymaster or paymasters for paying off or cane.lling the fame exchequer bills in due course and order, (hall be extended, and construed to extend, as well to the exchequer bills by this adt authorised to be made forth, except only with respect to such matters which are otherwise fpeeially provided for in this a6f, as to the exchequer bills to be made forth in pursuance of the said afor granting and continuing the duties on malt, mum*, cyder, and perry, as amply, fully, and esse.tually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame clauses or provisoes had been particulari. repeated and re-enacted, verbatim, in this a<ft.

XXXVI.  And be it further enacted, That the loans and ex- The loans atid chequer bills to be advaneed.or lent on the credit of this act (hall ^q'uer be repaid at such periods and in such proportions as shall be a° sue.hC~ sett.ed and aseer.ained in and by any contract to be entered into periods as shall for that purpose by and between the commissioners of the treasury be sett.ed by for the time being, or any three or more of them, and the gover-nor and deputy governor of the bank of England, on the part of ariVn^by^this the governor and company of the said bank of England, out of the a& to be ap-rates, duties, and assessments hereby granted, if the fame (hall be plied for that sufficient; and the monies which shall from time to time arise atPurP°fe> the said receipt of exchequer, of or for the rates, duties, and af-fess.ents, by this ad granted, shall, from time to time, as the fame shall arise at the laid receipt, be issued and applied at the said receipt for or towards paying off and dise.arging the orders of loan and exchequer bills for the monies which (hall have been lent at the said receipt, and for satisfying the interest thereof, at such times and in such proportions as aforelaid, until all the principal and interest payable upon such orders of loan or exchequer bills, on the days and times herein mentioned, (hall be fully iatisfied, or sufficient monies shall be reserved in the exchequer for the full payment and satisfaction of the fame; or the monies which shall from time to time arise at the said receipt of the Vol« XLII,  C  exchequer.

i8

Anno regni tricesimo nocto.Georgii 111.

c. 3. [1798.

exchequer, of or for the said rates, duties, or assessments hereby granted, shall, at such times and in such proportions as aforesaid, be issued to such paymaster by way of imprest, and upon account, for or towards paying off and discharging the said exchequer bills which (hall have been made forth by virtue of this ad, in such course as aforesaid, and for or towards such other payments as are in and by this ad directed or allowed to be made or discharged out ^  .  of  the  fame, and for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

to take^r^ac- XXXVII. And be it further enabled, That, quarterly, on the fist. day of July, the tenth day of October, the fist. day of January, and the fist. day of April, or within ten days after each of thole days and times in every year, after the palling of this aft, or sooner if there shall be occalion, the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the

count, quarterly, of the money raised by loans or exchequer bills; and urn fat is tied money, at the end of any quarter, to be

time being, shall cause a true and perse.t account in writing to

be taken, and attested by the proper officers, of all the monies charged on the which (hall have been raised by loans or by exchequer bills, or by confoiidated any or either of those ways or means, for or towards the said sum fund,  not  exceeding two miilion., by this ad intended to be raised as

aforesaid, and which ought to be paid and discharged before the end of each quarter, and how much thereof {hall, before the end of each quarter, have been paid off and discharged, and how much thereof (hall, at the end of each quarter, remain undisc.arged upon the said orders of loan and exchequer bills respectively, or upon any or either of them; and if at the end of any quarter there (hall not be, in the said receipt of the exchequer, sufficient monies of the said rates, duties, and ailes.ments, hereby granted, the monies fo remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the interest due for the lame, .shall.be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the confoiidated fund (except such monies of the (aid confoiidated fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former ad or ads of parhame.t in that belial.); and such monies of the said confoiidated fund shall and-may be issued for supplying money to the said paymaster, for discharging the said unsatisfied orders of loan or exchequer bills in course, as the said commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the. time being, shall direct, until all the principal and interest which (hall be or remain due upon the said orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose: and if at any time or times, before or after any money of the said rates, duties, or asse.lments hereby granted, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying interest which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, or for payment of any premium or rate which shall be incurred or grown due by any contract or contracts to be made by virtue of this ad for exchanging the fame bills, that then, and in every such cafe, the money fo wanted shall and may be sup.pliedout of the said rates, duties, and assessments hereby granted, remaining in the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, if

there

*9

1^98.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IIL c. 3. there (hall be sufficient of those monies in the said receipt, other-wife the fame (hall and may be supplied out of the monies of the said consolidated fund, (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That what- and to be re-ever monies (hall be issued out of the said consolidated fund (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to pges r "" be then after granted in parhame.t; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

, XXXIX. And ivhereas several orders of loan or exchequer bills made upon and in pursuance of an aft of parhame.t of the thirty-feve nth year of the reign of his present Majessy, (intituled., An a£l for Deficiency of granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised inlandtax Great Britain, for the service of the’ year one thousand seven goW to'be hundred and ninety-seven., fill remain unpaid, for want of fuss.- supplied. cient money arifmg by the said aft being come into the exchequer to answer and pay the fame, and it is uneer.ain how much thereof the monies arifmg by the said aft will be able to answer and discharge; be it enacted, That if the money arisen or to arise into the exchequer, for or on account of the said aids, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, {hall not be sufficient to discharge the whole principal and interest due, or to grow due, on the several orders of loan or exchequer bills made upon or in pursuance of the said adf, that then fo much money as shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for anlwering the purposes aforesaid, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any of the monies arising into the exchequer by or from the loans or exchequer bills on this a£l, or any other monies or loans that are or shall be appropriated for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, (hall direct and apply the fame accordingly; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it fur 1 her enacted, That all penalties and fors.itures ^ ^caSon1^ hereby imposed shall, if sued for within fix calendar months from penalties the time of such penalties or fors.itures being incurred, be to his where sued Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, f°r in fix with full costs of fuit, to the person or persons who {hall inform months* or sue for the fame within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Wejlmin-Jler for offences committed in England, or in his Majesty’s court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in Scotland,, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be laws.l for his Majesty’s attorney general in England, or his Majesty’s advocate in Scotland, in cafe it shall appear to his satisfaction that any such last.men-tioned penalty or fors.iture was incurred without intention or fraud, to flay all further proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, with respect as well to the (hare of such penalty or

c 2  for-

to

If not sued for in that time, to be recovered in the name of the attorney general, &c.

Limitation of actions.

General ifTtie.

Treble cost..

Ad may be altered or repealed this session.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

fors.iture claimed by such informer or informers, as to the (hare thereof belonging to his Majesty,

XLI. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That in desau.t of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such last.mentioned penalty^or fors.iture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England, and of his Majesty’s advocate in Scotland, by information in the court of exchequer in England or Scotland respec.tively, in which cafe the whole of such penalty or fors.iture (hall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and fors.itures, and (hares of penalties and fors.itures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, (hall be paid into the hands of such person ^or persons as the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes {hall appoint to receive the fame, to the use of his Majesty; and that in all cases.where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or fors.itures (hall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it {hall be laws.l for the said commis.ioners tocaule such reward as they {hall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalty or fors.iture forecovered, after deducing all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as informers in respect of such penalties or fors.itures fo recovered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII And be it further enabled, That if any a£lion or fuit {hall be brought against: any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this a£t, such abtion or fuit shall be commeneed.within fix calendar months next after the fa£f committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or fuit may plead the genera] ifl'ue, and give this a& and the special matter in evidene. at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant.or defendants in any such action or fuit, or if the plaintiff* or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or di(continue his or their adfion or fuit after the defendant or defendants {hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cases.to recover costs bylaw,

XL1II. Provided always, and be it enabled, That this atft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any a£i or adfs of this present session of parhame.t.

C AP. IV.

An further to continue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, an a£t, palied.in the session of parhame.t holden /n the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punillimen. of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Ma* jelly’s foroes, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.—[December 17, 179s*3

CAP.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Geqrgii III. c. 5,

C A P. V.

An ait to continue) until the expiration of one month after the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, an a<5t, paiTed in the last fefFion of parhame.t, chapter sixty.fix, videlicet, On the twenty-firs. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, intituled. An a<ft for empowering his Majesty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia foroes.in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselyes.to be employ.d.in Ireland.-r[De* cember 20, 1798.]

CAP. VI.

An aCl to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax; and to explain and amend an aSf, made in the last session of parhame.t, intituled. An ait for making perpetual, subj.il to redemption and pure.ase in the manner therein stated, theseveral.Turns of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.—[December 22, 1798.]

WHEREAS it is expect.ent that further provision should he made for esse.tually carrying into execution an ad, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An 38 Geo. 3. c, ait for making perpetual, subj.il to redemption and pure.ase in 6o> recited, the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand (even hundred and ninety-eight: be it theres.re enaited by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all bodies politick and corporate, companies, and persons, in the said adt mentioned, who by the  12,13,

said.ait are empowered to contrait for the redemption of the14* land tax charged on any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of which they shall be in poflefiion, or bene- fnp(fffess.onaf ficially entitled to the rents and prosi.s, in prese.ence to anybodies, land entitled corporations, or companies, or other persons having any estate to redeem, in or interest in remainder, reversion, or expect.ency, or being Prefe*LenCe to substitute heirs of entail in the fame manors, messuages, lands, March a5, tenements, or hereditaments, until the twenty-fist. day of Decern- 1799, (instead.her one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and their re- of Dec. 35, fpeitive committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or trustees, on version.rs* in* their belial., (except tenants for years absolute, or for years prese.ence ta determinable on lives on any dpmise, for which a fine or pre-all others, till mium was paid, and tenants for lives on any demise, where a rent June 25,1799, was reserved, or a fine or premium was paid,) shall have and be  °\

entitled to the like benefit or prese.ence, in and to the redemp- arc 25 tion of such land tax, until the twenty-fist. day of March on;e thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and in cafe no contrail shall have been entered into by or on belial. of such bodies, corporations;, or companies, or persons in ppfle(Iion3 or entitled c 3  as

22.  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

as last mentioned, on or before the said twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in every such cafe the bodies, corporations, or companies, or other person or persons having such estates and interests in remainder, rever-fion, or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of entail, entitled in their order to succeed to the said manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and wfio by the said aft were empowered to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, after the said twenty-fist. day of December, and until the twenty-fist. day of March, in prese.ence to any other bodies, corporations, or companies, or other persons whatsoever, not having an estate or interest therein, and their respective committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or trustees, on their belial., shall have and be entitled to such and the like benefit of prese.ence in the redemption of such land tax, from and after the said twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fist. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, as is given to them respectively by the said aft until the said twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

tax II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no land any otherper- tax  before  the  said  twenty-fist.  day  of  June  one  thousand

fons before seven hundred and ninety-nine, be put up to sale by auction or June25,1799, otherwise, or fold to any person or persons other than such per-unless.notice fon pr persons as by this aft are enabled to redeem the fame fiTcVprese.^1 Pr‘or t0 t^e said twenty-fist. day of June one thousand seven encebegiven. hundred and ninety-nine, except where notice shall be given not;

to claim the benefit of prese.ence given by this aft.

^rfo/sUn&c5> IH* And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fntereste. in twenty-fist. day oijune one thousand seven hundred and ninety-lands, may nine, any persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having any redeem on the interest in any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or herein™ efo™S ditaments, may at any time thereaster, contract.and agree for while the t^le redemption of their land tax charged thereon, in the fame land tax re- manner, and under the fame terms and conditions, as such per-mains unfold, fons, bodies, corporations, or companies, may do prior to the said twenty-fist. day of June-, provided that such land tax shall then remain unfold in purluance of the provisions of the said No land tax aft: provided also, That no land tax shall be fold in pursuance 10 fold to Qf  aft, after the said twenty-fist. day of June one thou-

foifs interect. ^an(^ ^even hundred and ninety-nine, in any cafe where the per-erd, where they fons, bodies, corporations, or companies, shall have given notice have given ^ to the respective commissioners for the purposes of the said aft, notice of their Gf an intention of redeeming the fame in pursuance thereof, other than to such persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, in-tereste. as aforesaid : provided also. That no such land tax (hall be redeemed by any bodies, corporations, or companies, having any estate in remainder, reversion, or expect.ncy, in the manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon such.

intention to redeem 5 nor redeemed by reversioner. for three months,

iii poste.ton land tax shall be charged, for the Ipace of three months after give such notice given to the respective commissioners, by any persons, notice,  "  bodies,

1798.3  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6.  23

bodies, corporations, or companies, considered by the said a# as being in the a#ual possession of the said manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of an intention to redeem the fame in pursuance of this a#.

IV.  And be it further ena#ed, That were any contra# (hall  s

be entered into after the twenty-fist. day of March one thou- March 25, sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in pursuance of this a#, the transfers of capital stock to be transferred as the consideration thereof, fhail frock to.be be made within the period of four years from the twenty-fist.

day o {June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by the from June like number of instalments, and on the like days in each year, the first in-with the like power to transfer the fame by any less number of fralment on or instalments or in advane., as by the said recited a# is allowed, before Aug. 1. and the first: of the said instalments fhail, in every such cafe be made I0, on or before the first: day of Auguji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

V.  And be it further ena#ed, That where the land tax charged

upon the glebe lands or tythes of any living (hall not have been glebe or redeemed by the incumbent thereof before the twenty-fist. day tythes is not of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then it redeemed by fhail be laws.l for the patron of the advowson of such living* at the incumbent any time after the said.twenty fist. day of March, to contra#  patron

the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, in the fame ^nay redeem manner in all resp.#s as a person seized or entitled in remainder, as aYeVer-reversion, or expe#ancy, is by the said a# entitled to contra#;, ^bere the provided always, That were such land tax (hall have been re-liv*ng fhail deemed by the incumbent of such living out of his own estate, or not have been by the patron thereof, and such living (hall , not have been ex-exonerated by onerated theres.om, it fhail be laws.l for the incumbent who (hall next succeed to such living at any time after his institution succeeding. or indu#ion, or donation thereto, to demand an alsign.ent of incumbent -such.land tax from the preceding incumbent, or his represe.-may demand tatives in cafe of his death, or from such patron, or his heirs or t^f”^ent representatives, as the cafe may be, in the fame manner as a per- °ax as anre-fon in remainder, reversion, or expe#ancy, is by the said a# version.r authorised to demand an afiignment of any land tax on his or her coming into estate or interest becoming; vested in poste.tion.  poste.fionmay

VI. And be it further ena#ed and declared, That for the

do under f. 18. of 38

purpose.of railing money for the redemption of the land tax, by Geo. 3. c. 60. the sale, mortgage, or grant of any manors, messuages, lands* Lands may be tenements, or hereditaments, authorised to be fold or charged By fold ormori-the said a# palied.in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his,£aged to re-present.Majesty, or this a#, all and every the provisions thereof, faxmi^the^ ' relating to such sale, mortgage, or grant, lhall be construed to whole estate extend to empower the sale, mortgage, or grant, of fo many,v9r ok the selle., such part or parts of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements,.whether or hereditaments, as (hall be sufficient for the purpose not only, of redeeming such land tax, if any, as .may be charged on the  ornot/if'

manors, shelf.ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fold, limited to the mortgaged, or charged, but also of redeeming the land tax fame uses;^ charged on the. reft or any other part or parts of,such.their or his

manors.

24  Anno  regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

m one conn- manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whether, b^e  all  fame  Hiall be resp.blively situate in the fame or any other

others.  place or division of the fame county, riding, (hire, or stewart.y,

or in any other county, riding, (hire, or stewart.y, and whether the fame {hall be charged or not charged with land tax, provided they respec.ively (land sett.ed and limited to the fame uses, and in the fame order and course of limitation ; and that all and every the certifie.tes which shall be granted in any division of any county, riding, {hire, stewart.y, or place, (hall be as valid and esse.tual in all resp.tts, in every other division of the fame county, riding, {hire, or stewart.y, and also in every other county, riding, (hire, or stewart.y, in Great Britain, for the purpose of asce.taimng the amount of land tax^charged on the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized in such certifie.tes, and for authorising and enabling the completion of the contrabt to be made thereon, by sale, mortgage, or grant of other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,' wheresoever situate, in Great Britain, as they might be under the said a£1, within the county, riding, fibre, stewart.y, or division, where such certifie.tes shall be granted.

Any perform VII. And be it further enabled, That when any body politick

deein^his la/Ld OI* ^orPorate3 0r other person or persons, who shall redeem any tax*(notSex-  tax  charged  in  any  county, riding, {hire, stewart.y, or place,

ceeding 25I. shall be desirous to pay the consideration for the fame in laws.l perann.) for a rfibtiey of Great Britain, in lieu of transferring (lock in three consideration,'p0ljnds per centum bank annuities, in the manner, by the said adt be pai^the^ direvsted, it (hall be laws.l for him, her, or them fo to do, pro-receiver gel ;’vided the land tax fo to be redeemed or pure.ased in such county, nefial, and ;f Tiding, (hire, stewart.y, or place, (hall not exceed the sum or proportioned twenty-five pounds per annum; and in every such cafe the con-prie.of^*^'tra<^ shall be *n the f°rm anc^ to the esse.ft expressed in the fche-psr cent!con- dule to this a<ft annexed; and the consideration for such redemp-iols; the con- tion shall be fo much of laws.l money of Great Britain, to be irabfcto be in pajd jnto ^he hands of the receiver genera] of the land tax for the rebtecUn tfie c°dnty, riding, or place, in England, or his deputy or coliege. tehedule. for the {hire, stewart.y, or place in Scotland, where the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of which the said ' land tax shall be fo redeemed, (hall be situate, as, according to the current prie. of flock transmitted to such receiver general or dbjleblor, at such of the resp.btive periods herein after mentioned See f.  as the party (hall elees., (hall be sufficient to pure.ase fo much

P g ^ capital stock of publick annuities, in this acl mentioned, as will > - yield an annuity or dividend exceeding the amount of the land - ^ tax fo to be redeemed as gforesaid.by one tenth part thereof; The receiver afid fach receiver general or collector, or their resp.es.ive depu-t^eSj and’ they are hereby resp.btively authorised and required, receipt to be upon the production of the certifie.te of the amount of the land indorled on tax to be redeemed, and of the contrabl entered into thereupon, t)ie contract. as herein is direbled, to accept and receive such sum or sums of money which shall have been contracted to be paid as the con* ... fideratioin fot such redemption, and (hall give a certifie.te or receipt,

r

25

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6.

ceipt, acknowledging such payment, which (hall be indorsed on such contrail; and such certifie.te or receipt (hall be as valid and esse.lual in all resp.ils, after the registry thereof, (which registry is hereby directed and allowed to be made), as the certifie.te or . receipt of the cashier or cash.ers of the bank is by the said ait direited to be, in cafe the consideration was to be transferred in three pounds per centum bank annuities.  i,

VIII.  And be it further enailed, That the cashier or cash.ers ^nfafit^he of the governor and company of the bank of England ill all, and prjce 0f con-they are hereby required, on Tuefday in every week,'the fame not iols every being a holyday, or being a holyday, then on the day preceding, Tuefday to the not being a holyday, to cause an account of the average prie. at ta? ** u which the three pounds per centum eons.lidated annuities (hail ip], the fame7 have been fold on such day, (or otherwise on the following open intheGazette, day on which such flock fhatl be fold, in cafe any flock (hall and transmit * have been fold, and the books for sues. fide filial 1 be opened at the

bank of England on such day), and (hall cause the fame to be ral^whcf(hall transmitted to the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes, who adjust the-(hall thereupon cause the fame to be pubh(hed in the London consideration Gazette, and also transmitted to the resp.itive receivers general the^reds.m^ in the several counties, ridings, or places in England, and to the t;on 0r ^he receiver general in Scotland, to be by him transmitted to the re- land tax fpeilive colleilors in the several (hires, flewartries, and places in accordingly* Scotland or their resp.ilive deputies; which account, fo published and transmitted, (hall be sufi.cient authority to such receivers general or their deputies, and to such collectors, to sett.e and adjust the sums which ought to be paid as the consideration for the redemption of such land tax on all payments made after the receipt of such account, and before the receipt of any subsequent account, if the said books at the bank of England (hall then remain open for such sale..

IX.  And be it further enacted, That the party entering into The party re-such.contract may elet to pay the consideration for the redemp-

tion of the land tax either according to the current prie. of the whokk

said.flock, as the fame (hall have been transmitted to such re- consideration.

ceiver or colletor in the week preceding the day of entering within one

into the fame, in which cafe the whole of the money (hall be paid c^dVn^to

to such receiver or collector within the week in which luch t]ie

contract (hall be entered into, (computing the fame from the current prie.

Tuefday to the IVednefday in the following week), or according of dock; or

to the current prie. of flock, as the fame (hall be transmitted to 16

*  «  J  merits ac~

such.receiver or colleitor in the week preceding the day or days cordingtothe

stipulated.for payment, in which cases.such consideration may prie. of dock

be paid by sixteen instalments within the (pace of four years, or in the week.

by any less number of instalments, or by one payment, as the

party (hall choose,and (hall cause to be stipulated in the contract; payment;

and in every such cafe the sum stipulated to be paid (hall be or by any less *

duly paid to the resp.ilive receivers or colleilors on the day or number of

days stipulated in such contrails respectively; and if any person ^^one8*

fo contracting shall negleit or omit to pay such sum of money payment, the

on the day or days, or within the time stipulated in such con-prie. to be af-

trad, stained at

26  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1^98.

tra#, every such person (hall fors.it one lixteenth part of the consideration to be paid for the redemption of land tax mentioned in such contract-, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by the said a#.

X- Provided always, and be it further ena#ed, That upon every contra# entered into as aforesaid, upon which the payment of money (hall be made by instalments, there (hall be paid at the time of making the second, and fo of every subsequent in-stal.ent upon such contra#, into the hands of such resp.#ive receivers or colle#ors, (whole receipt shall be a sufficient dif-charge), to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a pure.as.Sr ^um money? by way of interect, equal to the amount of the shall pay, by land tax redeemed, dedu#ing theres.om a sum bearing the fame way of inte- proportion to such land tax as the amount of the dock to be pur-3eft, a pro- chas.d with the money then before paid bears to the whole U^i^tax^re-^ arnount °f stock to be pure.ased with the money agreed to be paid in such contra#, of which sums fo to be paid by way of interect, a separate account (hall be kept by such resp.#ive receivers and colle#ors, and the fame (hall be applied in the fame manner as in the said a# is dire#ed with resp.# to the interest coniraiiuon- thereby made payable.

€rS °r a‘e ° XI. And be it further ena#ed, That whenever any contra# (hall be entered into in pursuance of this a#, the commis.ioners appointed for the redemption and sale of the land tax, with whom 1 such contra# shall be made, shall forthwith cause an abftra# to be transmitted to the receiver general of the fame county or

the day of payment, bn failure of paying any initalment, the party to fors.it i-i6th of the consideration agreed for.

On payment of the id and all other in-

land tax re< deemed.

On making i'uch contrails the commis.ion-

the land tax shall cause ab-Itraits to be transmitted to ] the receivers general of

such.parts of riding in England, or to the receiver genera! of Scotland, of such contracts as will enable them to aseer.ain the ilock

parts of such contra#s as will enable such receivers general to aseer.ain the amount of stock to be pure.ased as the consideration for the redemption of land tax redeemed by such con-

ed for the redemption of the land tax, &c. an account of which the receiver general fli all

to be pure.as. tra#, or intended fo to be, the sums in money payable on such contra#, and the day or days of payment thereof; an account of which stock, sums of money, and the day or days of payment thereof, the said receivers general resp.#ively (hall forthwith cause to be transmitted to the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes, for the information of the commis.ioners of his Majesty’s treasury; and the said commis.ioners of the treasury, communie.te or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby empowered to dire#, from time to time, as there lhall be occasion, sufficient money to be advaneed.to the commis.ioners for the redu#ion of the national debt, for the pure.ase of fo much capital stock as (hall be mentioned in such contra#, before or on the resp.#ive days appointed for the payment of the sums payable on such contra#, or as soon after as the fame can conveniently be done, out of any monies in the hands of such receivers general resp.#ively, or out of any publick monies in the receipt the reduction of the exchequer, applie.ble to the supplies and service of the year, as to the said commis.ioners of the treasury (hall seem expect.ent; which sums fo advaneed.(hall be, from time to time, replaced by and out of the monies to be paid upon such contra# to such receivers general, and the stock fo pure.ased (hall be, placed irv

the

to the tax office for the information of the trta-fury, who ffiall dire61 money to be advaneed.to the com-missioner. for

of the na tional debt, for the pur-, chas. of the stock mentioned in the contract.

1798.] Annoregai triceflmo nono Georgii III. c. 6.  27

the name of the commis.ioners for the reduction of the national which shall be debt, for the uses and purposes of this a<ft, and as if the fame  monies

had been pure.ased by and with the monies paid on such con- t0 \>t p trail.  upon such

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enailed, That where contract,

any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall Where l.inda be fold by virtue of the said ail or of this ail, for the purpose of ^eruption redeeming any land tax, it shall be laws.l for the person or cf the land persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, making such sale, to tax, the fel-agree with the pure.aser of such manors, mefTuages, lands, kf may agree tenements, or hereditaments fo proposed to be fold, that the chas.r that1" pure.ase money for the fame (hall be paid by instalments, pro- the pure.ase vided such instalments be to be paid into the bank of England in money shall, the manner directed by the said ail, within the fame period,  hy

and on the fame days and times as shall be specified in the con-

trad for the redemption of such land tax, for the transfer or into the bank payment of the respective instalments of flock to be transferred on the days thereon, together with interest at the time of payment of each spec.fred in instalment, as in the said act is directed to be paid upon the ©/redemption transfer of stock by instalments: provided also. That such for the tra nf-agreement, and the days and times stipulated for the payment fer of (lock; of such instalments, and the amount thereof resp.itively, be facJjtagr^* inserted and expreste. in the indenture whereby such manors, ^teVhi the meftuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, shall be conveyed : conveyance provided also. That if the person who shall have entered into of the lands such contrail for the redemption of such land tax, (hail die 5 ^onco before the transfer and payment of all the said instalments, then tracts.gfonlie.and in such cafe the future instalments shall be made good by the redemption person or persons who (hall for the time being be entitled to the die before the manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the land transfer and tax whereof shall have been fo redeemed, and the afters of the alUhZ?n-° person fo dying (hall not be liable to make good the fame.  stal.ents, the

future instalments shall be made good by the persons entitled to the lands exonerated $ and the aise.s of the person dying shall not be liable.

XIII.  Provided also, and be it further enabled, That if the ^ Purc^a*

fer fail in paying his

said.respective instalments, or the interest to be paid thereon, shall not be paid by such pure.aser into the bank of Englandmitaiments, on the days and times whereon the fame ought to be paid as the persons aforesaid, then it (hall be laws.l for the person or persons, bodies, ^rho

have been beneficially

corporations, or companies, who would for the time being have been beneficially entitled to the said manors, meftuages, lands, entitled'to tenements, and hereditaments, in cafe the fame had not been the lands, fold upon every such desau.t to enter into and hold and enjoy lsnot.lQld, such manors, meftuages, lands, tenements and hereditameins, ^a^1at1^into and by all laws.l ways and means to recover and compel the compel payment of such resp.itive instalments, and the interest thereon, payment, in like manner as if the lame had been secured by an actual aiKl the (a™e mortgage of such manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or  C

hereditaments, and the fame may again be put up to sale for the {aic for raif-purpose.of railing the money remaining unpaid under and subj.il ing themoney to the fame terms and conditions bv which the fame might be reaming

. " k>iduns.d*

28

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III c. 6. [1798.

fold in the first instane., and with the like power of relief, in all cases, to the pure.aser making such desau.t, as is given by the said a<5l in cases.of desau.t in transferring flock by the party ,  ,  contracting for the land tax.

?Tf  XIV.  Provided  also, and be it enabled, That where any

for  not  manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall be

ex. ;. : ag fold or charged for the purpose of redeeming any land tax, and

ccnfi Oration money to ar^e ^erehy shall not exceed the sum of five forVed^emp-11 hunted pounds, and the consideration for the redemption of tion is to be such land tax shall in the contract be stipulated to be paid in paid in money, money, then and in such cafe it shall be laws.l for the respective the pure.aser pUrchas.rs or mortgagees of such manors, messuages, lands, tene-fold-maypay ments> or hereditaments, or the respective grantees of any rent the pure.ase charge thereout, to pay their respective pure.ase or mortgage money to the monies to the receiver general for the county or riding, or the receiver ge- collector for the (hire or flewartry, where the fame manors, receiptTshah.mess.ages> lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be lituate, be equivalent vvhose.receipts shall be as esse.t.ual in all respects to discharge to those of the such resp.<Sive pure.asers, mortgagees, or grantees, as the receipt of the cashier of the bank of England would have been in cafe such money had been paid into the bank; and the respec.tive person, bodies, corporations, or companies, whose land tax .shall.have been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to have and receive the fame discharges, and their respective estates shall be exonerated and discharged from such land tax, in the fame manner, in all respects, as if such monies had been actually paid by them; and in cafe there (hall be any surplus of such monies after reserving the consideration for such land tax, the fame shall be paid to a trusse. or trustees to be named by the respective persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, redeeming such land tax, in order that the fame may be applied in the manner directed by the said adt respecting surplus flock, where the fame shall not exceed two hundred pounds flock.

TriihC&-any  And  beit  further enabled, That where, in any parish or

she.efl-"' place the sums rated and asse.Ted by any assessment made by virtue ments under of an adl, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his the land tax present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty Wt session  a tax t0 rats.^ tn Great Britain, y#/* the service of the year

fnall exceed  one thousandseven.hundred and ninety-eight,on the manors,messuages,

or be ief6 than lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in such paris.ror place, (hall the sum  exceed or be less in amount than the sum which  has been fet or

(CST^arifh ^TjP°^e^ upon such parish or place, in respect of the said manors, &c. the com- naclfuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it shall be laws.l roishone.s of for the commissioners of land tax acting for the division where land tax may, such parish or place is situate, and they are hereby required, rf'mSn^and'*  seven days asser any complaint thereof shall be lodged

sett.ethe fame*  c^er^  to  such commilfioners by any person charged in

and in cafe of such asse.Tment, (of which complaint such clerk is hereby required doubt from  to give notice to all such of the commissioners  acting for the

variation in  fai<j division who shall be then resident within the  fame), to meet

former affcff.  together

y dllU.

the surplus, if any, after redemption of the land tax, may be paid to a trustee for the selle..

f. 34-.

1798-] Anno regni tficefimo norio Georgii III. c. 6.  ig

together at their usual place of meeting within their division, at meats, the 1

which meeting the said commis.ioners shall proceed to asce.tain

o  #  *  #  hp determined

and sett.e the just sum which has been fet or imposed upon such ^ a certifi-

parish.or place in fespec. of the said manors, messuages, lands, cate from the

tenements, or hereditaments; and in cafe any doubt {hall arise exchequer;

amongst.the said commis.ioners, by reason of any variation in

former assessments, as to the amouht of the fiim which shall thenap-

have been fet and imposed upon any parlftl or place* the fame portioned over

shall.and may be determined by the certifie.te of the King’s the parish by

remembrane.r from the rolls of the exchequer in England\ and by ^o^s^rTthe

the certifie.te of one of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland, fame pr’0p0r-

from the duplie.tes returned to them respectively for the period of tions in which

twenty years last pad, and if the said duplie.tes shall vary, then they were

from the duplie.te for the year next antecedent to such period ; before 1

which certifie.te the said remembrane.r in England and barons ®

in Scotland shall give, at the request of the said commis.ioners,

gratis^ and the fame shall be final and conelusive.; and when

such.aflefl'ment shall have been less in amount than the sum.

which ought to be imposed upon such parish or place, the said commissioners shall cause the deficiency to be assessed upon the respective manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, charged with land tax in such parish or place by the said aflefl'ment, as nearly as may be, according to the fame proportions in which they respectively flood charged before such adjustment; and when such aflefl'ment shall exceed in amount the sum which ought to be imposed upon such parish or place, the said com-mishone.s shall. cause the excess to be deducted and abated from

the sums charged upon the respective manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in such parish or place, as nearly as may be, according to the fame proportions in which such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments respec.tively flood charged before such adjust.ent.

XVI.  And be it further enabled. That where, in any pari fh where any or place the sums rated and assessed, or to be rated and assessed, lands are by virtue of the said last mentioned aft, on the manors, messuages, omitted to be lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in such parish or place, (hall »ot have been charged upon all the manors, messuages, lands, any perfor/ tenements, and hereditaments, situate in such parish or place, aggrieyed.by and chargeable to the said rate, then and in every such cafe it such omiffioa shall be laws.l for any person or persons having any interest in any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, f10neTS) gmng charged by the said aflefl'ment, in such parish or place, who shall seven d’ays think himself, herself, or themselyes.aggrieyed.by reason of any notice, though such omission, to appeal to the commis.ioners ostand.taxor supply,  ea^under

asti.gfor such parish or place, in order that the manors, messuages, the aft be lands, tenements,or hereditaments, omitted to befocharged, may expired; and be duly charged in such aflefl'ment, notwithstanding the time limit- the commit', ed for making appeals in and by the said last mentioned aft shall **l0nt\rs be expired; provided the person or persons fo intending to appeal time for shall give seven days previous notice thereof, in writing, to one hearing the or piore of the aflefl'ors of the parish or place where such afless. appeal.

ment

3<>  Annoregni  tricesimo  nono  Georgii lit. c. 6. [179S.

merit shall be made; and the said asse.for or assessors {hall give publick notice of any appeal fo made, by affixing the lame in writing on the chure. or chapel door, or on the market house or cross, or other place where notices have been usually affixed in sue.] parish or place ; which notice (hall be deemed good and sufficient to all and every persons chargeable by such assessment, in respect of their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, -as aforesaid ; and the resp.itive commissioners ailing for the divisions where such appeals (hall be made, shall appoint a convenient time for hearing and determining the fame, of which they shall cause the like publick notice to be given as aforesaid.

Commissioner. XVII. And be it further enailed, That if upon such any appeal in^lir'h hear~  aPPear t0 fold commissioners, or any three or more of

appeals, direct them, or the major part of them then present, for hearing and assessors to determining such appeals, by proof upon oath or affirmation, makeanew (which oath or affirmation the said commissioners are hereby ^ua^tlsea,lthorifed to adminiiler), that any manors, mess.iages, lands, former assis.i- tenements, or hereditaments, have been omitted to be charged in ment.  such affiefs.ment, it shall be laws.l for the said commissioners to

direcSt the assessors to make a new rate, by aftess.ng.all such manors, mess.iages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in such parish or place, as were omitted to be assessed in the former assessment, and to deduct the amount thereof from the charge upon other manors, mess.iages, lands, tenements, ana hereditaments, as were before charged in such assessment, in proportion as the fame were fo resp.itively charged therein, without altering the resp.ilive proportions at which the fame were fo charged, and upon the confirmation of such new affiefs.ment, to sett.e and ' adjust the sums which may have been overe.arged upon and paid accordingly by any person or persons charged in such former assessment, and direct in what manner the sums overpaid shall be returned, and thereupon to qualh such former asse.f-ment.

XVIII.  Provided also, and be it further enaited That nothing ments ofC herein contained shall be construed to authorise the said com-person. who missioner. of land tax or sup.dy to make any aiteration.in the ihall have assessment of any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or com-Pan^es’ w^° before the day to be appointed for hearing and determining such appeals as aforesaid, have contracted with the commissioners specially named for that purpose for the redemption of land tax charged upon his, her, or their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and who (hall not at that time of entering into such contract have declared to the said commissioners his, her, or their option to be considered on the fame footing as a person not interested in the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, pure.asing the land tax charged thereon, is by the said first recited ait considered as far as relates to the land tax comprised in such contract, unless the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having fo contracted, (hall be desirous of refeinding the contrail fo

made.

redemption of their land Ux ; unless they declare th ir option to be considered as pure.a-fers or their drhre to reicind their contrail.

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6.  3r

made, or of declaring his, her, or their option resp.6ting the fame as aforesaid, and shall give notice thereof to the com-missioner. of land tax or supply before the day appointed for hearing and determining appeals under this a£t, in which cases.only the contracts fo made (hall become null and void in order to such aiteration.being made in such afleftment; but otherwise every such contra£l, whereupon such option (hall not have been declared, shall stand good, and the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereon the land tax fo redeemed (hall be charged, shall be and continue exonerated from the fame, and from all further afiefs.ents according to the directions of the said first recited act, and as if this adt had not been made; and the land tax fo redeemed shall be entered in such new asse.T-

ment as the just charge in respect of the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo exonerated.

XIX.  Provided also, and be it further enabled, Tha!t where, Future

in any parish or place, any rate charged upon any manors, contrails to mefTuages, lands,, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be altered suchall.r-by virtue of this adt, all such contrails as aforesaid, which shall edafTdlments be entered into after the day for hearing and determining appeals, shall be regulated according to the charge in such altered asse.T-ment.  In the fche‘

XX.  And be it further enacted, That in the schedule or b^any^erfon description which shall be produced to the commissioners of land having benefit tax or supply, or to the justices of the peace, or to the clerk of prese.ence, the peace, in any . county, riding, {hire, division, or place, by fete.t to Rate virtue of the said ail of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his the nature of present Majesty *, and of this ail, by any person or persons, the premises, bodies, corporations, or companies, having benefit of prese.ence the name of as therein and herein is mentioned, that it shall be fufHcient in ^occupier, such schedule to state the resp.ilive natures of the premises, and where Pituate, the name or names of the occupier or occupiers thereof, and the and file. other parish or place where the fame shall be lituate, and such other circumstane.s circumstane.s as the said commissioners, or justices, or cleric of as

the peace, shall require, without stating therein the quantities or the commis.reputed quantities of such premise..  (loners, with-

XXL And be it further enabled. That where any body politick out dating or corporate, or company, or other person or persons, (hall  '

redeem his, her, or their land tax, by or out of his, her, or their w^ere* er own personal estate, or by or out of any trust property applie.ble fon/redeem to such redemption by virtue of the said adt, or by and out of any their land monies which shall arise and be produced by any mortgage or tax by any grant to be made by virtue of the said adt, or by any other means other means than by sale under the said adt, and also where any such body d^mand^n* politick or corporate, or company, or other person or persons, alignment shall be entitled under the said adt, on the determination of any from pure.as.precedent estate, to demand an alignment of 2ny contract from the person or persons who shall have entered into the fame, for the redemption of any land tax, his, her, or their executors, Way as persons administrators, or assigns, it shall be laws.l for all and every in actual such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other persons,  in

either:

initance.

3%

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [17980

either for the purpose of reimbursing all sums of money laid out in the redemption of such land tax, or of paying off any sums borrowed on that account, or for the purpose ofc* railing money to pure.ase the alignment of any contract from the proprietor or proprietors thereof, to carry into execution all and every or any of the powers by the said a£l or this given, in order to raise money by iale for the redemption of any land tax, in such and the fame manner, and under and subj.£f to such and the fame rules, reftrits.ions, and regulations, in all respects,* as any bodies, corporations, or companies, or other person or persons being in the actual poss.ssion, or beneficially entitled to the rents and prosi.s of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements-; or hereditaments* are by the said a£l ind this a£t empowered to carry the fame into execution for the purpose of redeeming any such land tax in the first inllance.

If the acting commilli.ne.s of land tax refuse to grant certifie.tes of the amount of the land tax, judices in their petty fefiions, or the clerks of the peace, may grant the lame; and the clerk of the commidioners refuting to produce duplie.tes of theasiest.ments to such just ice.*, on their order, flmll fors.it Sol.

Certificates ?. ran ted by commdfionei s not having qualisle., /hall be valid ; and the commii-fioners dial I be indemnisi.d, on I heir qualifying.

XXII.  And be it further enacted. That if the acting com-mifiionets of the land tax, in any division or place, {hall, before the pass.g of this a6f, have refused, or hereast.r shall refuse, to grant certifie.tes of the amount of the land tax charged upon any person.r persons applying for the fame, then and in such cafe it {hall be laws.l for thejufiices of the peace, assembled at any petty fefiions to be holden in and for such division and place, and also for the respective clerks of the peace in the respective counties wherein such divisions or places {hall be situate, and they are hereby respectively required, upon complaint of such refusal as aforesaid, and upon the production of such schedule as is in and by the said act directed to be produced to the said commis.fionersof land tax, to grant to the person or persons applying for the fame such and the like certifie.te or certifie.tes of the amount of his, her, or their land tax, as is by the said a£t directed to be granted by the said commis.ioners of land tax, and for that purpose the said justices are hereby empowered to order the duplie.tes of the afiVffrnents of land tax in the cufiody of the clerk to such commis.ioners of land tax, or any other perlbn or persons, to be brought before them ; and in cafe the said clerk to thee.mmis.fioners shall refule to deliver up the said duplie.tes, when fo required to do by the said jufiices, he shall for every such refusal fors.it the sum of fist. pounds, to be recovered in such manner as other penalties are by the said a£t directed to be recovered, and all certifie.tes granted in pursuance of this a£f shall be as valid and esse.t.ual as if the fame were granted by the commis.ioners acfling in and for such division or place*, and all certifie.tes which shall have been signed by any person or persons named in any aef or a<5\s of parhame.t for appointing commis.ioners for the county or riding within which such certifie.tes may have been granted, although such commis.ioners (hall not have before a£led in the particular division or place where the said certifie.tes were granted, or fnall have omitted to take the several oaths prese.ibed by anv a£t or a£ts of parhame.t to be taken by such commis.ioners, (hall in like manner be valid and esse.t.ual to all the intents and Diimoses.of the said acl,and therespect.ive commis.ianers who

shall.

x'/9S.T Anno regni cricefimo nono Georgii ITT. c. 6.  33

shall.have fo signed the fame, (hall and'are hereby respectively indemnisi.d for fo doing, and shall be freed and discharged from all penalties and rlisa.ilities whatever incurred thereby, provided that such commis.ioners (hall, within three calendar months after the passing of this aft, take all such oaths as aforesaid, which he or they may have omitted to take before the granting such certifie.tes.

XXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted. That is.onlytobe no greater fee or reward (hall be taken or demanded by any clerks of the such clerk of the peace for any certifie.te granted under the pefl(le for such authority of this aft, than one (hilling in respect of each sum fo’certifie.tes, certified.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted, That were the execu- Where the tors, administrators, or afiigns of any person or persons, who

shal. have redeemed the land tax charged on any manors, demptioners messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, by or out of are entitled to his, her, or their own estate, shall be entitled under the said aft receive the to receive an annuity or interest out of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, equal to the amount of the redeemed as land tax which shall have been fo redeemed, it shall be laws.l an annuity, for such executors, adminis.rators, or afiigns, from time to time, they (hall have to use the fame powers and remedies for the recovery of such ^dieTas^* * annuity or interes. as landlords can or may use for the recovery iancjiords* of rents in arrear; and also, that where any bodies politick or and fo shall corporate, and companies, or any persons having any efiate or reversioner., interes. in remainder, reversion, or expect.ncy, or being subs.i-tute heirs of pntail in any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, to\e conii_ or hereditaments, shall, under and by virtue of the said recited dered as pur-aft of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chas.rs), till and of the benefit of prese.ence thereby given, by and out of  ftTff

his, her, or their own property, contract.for the redemption of goru ^  '/

the land tax charged thereon, during the continuance of any. preceding efiate or interes., (not being a lease or demise -at rack rent,) and shall not in the contract.for the redemption thereof declare his or her option to be considered on the fame footing as a person not interes.ed in the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the said aft is considered, then and in such cafe the corporations or companies, or other persons in reversion, remainder, or expect.ncy, or being subs.i-tute heirs of entail as aforesaid, shall in the mean time, until their respective efiates and interes.s vest in posses.ion by reason of the determination of the preceding efiate, be entitled to have and receive the amount of the land tax fo redeemed, and shall have the fame powers and remedies for the recovery of the land tax fo redeemed as landlords may use for the recovery of rents in arrear.

XXV.  And be it further enacted. That when two or more Joint tenants,

person. shall be seised or entitled in undivided (hares and propor- &c. may re-*  t  -  •• ; deem their

tions, either as copareen.rs, tenants in common, or joint te- pr0portion.of

nants, of or to any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here- land tax, and

ditaments, it shall be laws.l for any one or more of such persons on a partition

vol.xlii.

D

to

their (hare

34

shall.be exonerated.

On one of such joint tenants, &c. negleet.ng to redeem, any other such tenant may claim a prese.ence.

Per tons may fell lands by pareels.to make good Instal.ents; the particular instalment to be satisfied shall be fpcci-fied in the

Anno regni tricesimo nono Qeorgii 111. c. 6. [1798.

to apply to the commissioners of land tax or supply, acting in and for the division, {hire, ftevvartry, or place, wherein such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, {hall be situate, to sett.e and adjust the amount and proportion of each of such person.s (hare of and in the land tax charged thereon, and to grant a certifie.te thereof5 and the said commissioners shall grant such certifie.te to the person or persons applying for the fame, and thereupon it {hall be laws.l for such person or persons to claim the like benefit of prese.ence for the redemption of bis, her, or their proportion of the said land tax, and do all acts necessary for carrying such contract into execution, in the fame manner as if such proportion of land tax had been separately charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements* or hereditaments, and as if such person or persons was or were solely seised or entitled; and in cafe partition shall, at any time after the redemption of such land tax, be made of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, between such copareen.rs, tenants in common, or joint tenants, then and in such cafe the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall upon such partition be ailot.ed to the person or persons who (hall fo have redeemed his, her, or their proportion of the said land tax, {hall, immediately upon such partition being completed, be and become exonerated and discharged from such land tax, and every,part thereof.

XXVI.  And be it further enacted, That if any one or more of such person or persons, who {hall be seised or entitled, in undivided {hares or proportions, of or to any manors, messuage.* lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, shall negleet.or refuse to redeem his, her, or their proportion or proportions of the land tax charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, then and in such cafe it (hall be laws.l for any other or others of such person or persons to claim the like benefit of prese.ence for the redemption of the proportion or proportions of the person or persons fo negleet.ng or refusing to redeem, of and in such land tax, and to contract for the redemption thereof, and to do all acts necessary for carrying such contract into execution, as he, she, or they can claim or do for the redemption of his, her, or their own proportion of the said land tax, and to .dise.arge the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, from his, her, or their just: proportion of the land tax fo redeemed, and to have the rest.ue as an annuity, in the fame manner as any person having a limited estate may do on his or her redeeming the land tax, in prese.ence to persons in reversion, remainder, or expectancy.

XXVJI. And be it further enacted, That it {hall be laws.l for an body politick or corporate, or company aforesaid, or any other person or persons who is or are authorised by the said act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by this act, to fell any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, for the purpose of redeeming his, her, or their land tax, to put up to foie, from time to time.

^ tn whole were fold at once.

t798.J Anno regni trice.iqio nono Georgii III. c. 6.  35

such.part or pareel.of such manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, conveyance, or hereditaments, as {hall be necessary for the purpose of making good the respective instalments agreed to be transferred for re- be^raise. by deeming such land tax, as the fame shall respectively become all iuch laics due, or any number of such instalments at once, as rtiaiI seem than if the most expect.ent: provided always, That in every conveyanc be made upon such Tales, there {ball be specified the particular instal.cnt or instalments for the payment of which such sale 'shall.have been made, and the amount thereof: provided also,

That no more money {hall be raised by all such sales together than would or might be raised under the provisions of the said ad, or this ad, if the whole had been fold at one time.

XXVIII.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if  hinds

the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, different**1 which shall be fp fold at various times, (hall be situate in dif- counties, esse.ent counties, then and in such cafe the person, body, corpo- tificates of the ration, or company, who shall be desirous of making any such

, lale, shall, in cafe any manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or dn%d to the hereditaments, lituate in any other county, shall have been fold commissioners for the purpose of making good any prior instalment, produce in the county and shew to the commissioners for executing the said ad, for the 'v!?^re ^ county or place wherein the manors, mefTuages, lands, tene- pjgg^e^made, ments, or hereditaments, fo proposed to be fold, shall be situate, who may a certifie.te under the hands and Teals of the commissioners for take examina-such.other county or counties of such former sale or sales, which certifie.te shall contain a statement and account of the manors,  files.

mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall have been fo Told, and also the amount of the pure.ase money for the fame, and the particular instalments to be made good therewith, which certifie.te such last mentioned commissioners are hereby authorised and required to give to the person, body, corporation, or company, applying for the fame; and such firs.-mentioned commis.ioners are hereby authoriled and empowered

. to examine, upon oath or affirmation, in the manner mentioned in the said act, the person or persons who shall be desirous of making such Tale as last.mentioned, touching any matters or things relating to any former sales, which such commissioners may think necessary for their information, and to receive any affidavit or deposition in wiiting in the manner mentioned in the said ad.

XXIX.  And be it further enabled, That if any farm or lands The whole usually occupied together, (hall be proposed to be fold under the ot a farm provisions of the said ad;, in order to redeem the land tax be eligibly110 charged thereon, and also on other lands, tenements, or heredi- divided, but taments, which fTand sett.ed and limited to the fame uses, and in which is more the. fame order and course of limitation, and which farm or ^tlo^deem lands shall be more than sufficient for that purpose; and in cafe f”ndt/x ^

it shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners, that such may be fold, farm or lands cannot be divided in order that an adequate part with the con-thereof may be fold without loss to the parties interected, and in len-t ot the cafe the person or persons who shall be entitled to the first or entitled,11 and

d 2  next  7

36

’he surplus ihall be inverted in the funds for the benefit of all coneer.ed.

f. 3*.

Lords of manors may enfranchise copyholds though not seised of legal estates in the manor; rents not to be fold but to redeem land tax to the fame amount*. *f. 41,42.

Parirties may apply trust property applie.ble to charitable purposes in redeeming land tax on lands sett.ed to charitable uses, and the lands may be charged with an annuity equal to the income of the property applied, f. 40.

f. 44-

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

next beneficial estate in -remainder, reversion, or expectancy, being of full age, (hall consent and agree to the sale of the whole farm and lands fo proposed to be fold, on the terms and restrictions herein mentioned, it shall be laws.l in such cafe for the commissioners to dires. and authorise the sale of the whole of such farm and lands, in the manner directed by the said aftt; and the surplus money, after pure.asing flock sufficient to redeem such land tax, and paying and discharging the.costs.and expences attending the sale thereof,-shall.be placed in the books of the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant-general of the court of chaneery, to the intend that the fame may be laid out in the pure.ase of flock; which flock, and the dividends and annual produce thereof, shall be applied and disposed of in such manner as in the said aft is directed with respect to the surplus of flock pure.ased with the money arising from Tales, where no more shall be fold than what shall have been eligible or necefTary to be fold for the redemption of such land tax.

XXX.  And be it further enacted. That any person beneficially entitled unto any manor may, in the manner directed, and with the approbation of the court of chaneery, in the manner required by the said aft*, enfranchise copyhold or cufsoma.y estates belonging to the fame, whether such person be seised of a legal estate in the fame manor or not; provided that no sale shall be allowed of any rents under the said aft, or this aft, at any less prie. than will, in the judgement of the commissioners, be sufficient to redeem land tax to the fame amount.

XXXI.  And be it further enacted. That where any parish or place is or shall be under any aft of parhame.t, or any deed or will, or under any deer.e of any court, or otherwise, entitled to receive, apply, and dispose of any trust property applie.ble to any charitable purposes, it shall and may be laws.l for such parish or place, and the trustees in whom such trust property is or shall be veiled, to apply such trust property, or any part thereof, in the redemption of the land tax charged upon any manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, sett.ed to charitable uses, to the benefit of which any such parish or place is or may be entitled; and by indenture or indentures, under the hands and Teals of the parson, vicar, or curate, and ‘of the chure.wardens and overseers of such parish or place, or of the major part of them, enrolied.in such manner as is by the said aft directed with respect to indentures executed by trustees and other persons for the sale of lands for redeeming the land tax, to charge such manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or a Sufficient part thereof, with the payment of an annuity or rent charge equal to the amount of the income of the trust property which shall have been applied in the redemption of such land tax : provided always, That no such trust property shall be fo applied, or annuity charged, without the approbation of two such justices, certified in such manner and with such proof of notice as is by the said aft directed, in cafe of the applie.tion

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii Ilf. c. 6.  37

plie.tion of the poor rates or chure. rates for the redemption of the land tax.

XXXII.  And be it further, enacted, That it (hall be laws.l Trust.es for for the trustees for the time being of any trust property hereto- funder fore given by any will, for the purpose of being laid out in the any wills pure.ase of lands or impropriate tythes, for the benefit of the may lay out poor clergy in England, with such consent as is required by such trull property will, to layout from time to time any sum or sums of money, ^ mm ion of which by virtue of such will now is, or are, or hereast.r /hall be, jand tax on applie.ble for the purpose aforesaid, in, for, or towards the pur- livings, chas. of fo much of three pounds per centum bank annuities before-mentioned as may be necestar., (or to apply any portion, of

such.three pounds per centum bank annuities as they may be pof-sessed.of under their trust., and as may be necestar. for the purpose), for the redemption or purphase.of the land tax charged, or hereast.r to be charged, in pursuance of the. said acf of the last session of parhame.t herein-before referred to, upon the c. 5. lands, tythes, or other prosi.s arising from such living or livings belonging to the chure. of England, as the said trustees for the time being, with such consent as aforesaid, fthall think fit, the redemption of which land tax shall have been contrabled for on or before the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine now next ensuing; by the incumbent or incumbents of such living or livings, with the consent of the said trustees, and of such other persons whose consent is required by such will, or the pure.ase whereof shall afterwards be con-trabled for at any sale by contract or publick aubfion, or other-wife, under the regulations of the said a<ft, by such incumbent or incumbents with the like consents, and from time to time to transfer to the commis.ioners for reduction of the national debt, such three pounds per centum bank annuities, according to such respect.ive contracts; and such transfers of stock shall, from the quarter day preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and aise.arge the lands, tythes, or other prosi.s of such living- or livings, from the payment of the land tax fo redeemed or pur-chaled; and every such redemption or pure.ase of land tax by n virtue of this a (ft, for the benefit of such living or livings, shall be deemed valid and esse.lual in the law, and equivalent, to all intents, const.uclions, and purposes, to a pure.ase or .pure.ases.of lands or tythes for that purpose, under the trusts of such will; No glebe any statutes of mortmain, or other statute or law to the contrary^ lands ibid by notwithstanding. .  ™cum-

XXXIII.  And be it further enabled, That no glebe lands Deeming the

which shall be fold in pursuance of the said aeft, by the incum- land tax, bent of any living for the purpose of redeeming the land tax /hail be freed 'charged thereon, shall be fold, freed or discharged from the ^h'es^unle's tythes, unleis.the ordinary of such living shall certify his con- the ordinary sent that the fame shall be discharged from tythes at the time shall certify of certifying his consent to the sale of such glebe lands.  his eons.m.

XXXIV.  And be it further enabled. That it shall be laws.l Corporations

fqr all bodies politick or corporate, and companies, and all truf- or trust.es

r  r  may tell lands

^ 3  iees  £otwuhilau<h.

3§

ing any bye laws, St c l again ft alienations.

Lands may be fold for redemption of land tax, either by pri-

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii TIL c. 6. [1798.

tees for charitable purposes, being in respect of their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the governance, guidane., or controll., of any private statutes, bye laws, ordinane.s, or regulations, retraining the alienations of such manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to fell or mortgage, or grant any rent charge out of such manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax thereon, or on any other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies and trustees as afore-said, in the manner authorised by the said act and this a<t, not-withstanding.any such private statutes, bye laws, ordinane.s, or regulations, to the contrary.

XXXV.  And be it further enacted, That in cases.where any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, may be fold in pursuance of the said act or of this act, for the purpose of redeeming any land tax, it ftiall be laws.l to fell the

au^ion^The^ ^ame> e^^er by private contract or by publick auction, provided, commissioners that in ca^"e °f by private contract, the said commissioners being in the for executing the said act (hall be satisfied that the prie. agreed to be given for the fame is not less than the actual value thereof, according to any estimate made or directed to be made by them, and veris.ed upon oath, which any one of the commissioners is hereby empowered to administer; provided also, That when they ftiall judge it necessary to direct any such sale to be by pub-lick auction in pursuance of the said adt, it (hall not be necef-fary to require any such estimate as by the said adt is required in cases.of sale.

XXXVI. And be it further enacte.. That where any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, ftiall be proposed to be fold or charged in pursuance of the said adt and of this adt, it shall be laws.l to raise fo much money by such sale or charge as ftiall be sufficient not only for the purpose of redeeming any land tax for which such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

former cafe satisfied that the prie. is adeq cate, according to an estimate on oath.

Sufficient may be raised by sale of lands to pay the expences of the sale, as well as of

thered°Un^ hereditaments, (hall be fold, but also for the purpose of paying tio^mo^nev' an^ Satisfying all stich costs and expences as the person or per-fons, bodies, corporations, or companies, making any such sale or charge ftiall incur on account thereof; and it (hall be laws.l for the said commis.ioners for executing the said adf and this act, and also for any courts, where the authority of such courts is made requisite to such sale or charge, to order and direct. that such costs and expences (ball be paid and satisfied out of the pure.ase money for the said manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, before the fame shall be paid by the respective pure.asers into the bank of England, pursuant to the directions of the said adf, or that fo much thereof as they shall deem fuf-ficient shall be reserved for that purpose; and the said grder or direction of the said commissioners, or of such courts respec.ively* shall be a sufficient discharge to such pure.asers for fo much of the pure.ase money as shall be applied in the payment of such costs and expences, or ?.$ shall be raised for that purpose.

2  XXXVII. And

39

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6,

XXXVII.  And be it further enacted, That where any Lands ex-manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, {hall be tl^^and^taJT exempt from or not atdually charged with the payment of any may fol(1 land tax by virtue of the said last recited a d, it shall be laws.l for redemp-to fell or charge the fame for the purpose of redeeming the land tion of the tax charged upon any other manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, sett.ed or limited to the fame uses and purposes to the fame for which such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredi^ uses. ments, fo exempt or not actually charged as aforesaid, shall be sett.ed or limited, as esse.tually as if the fame manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments were, and every part thereof was, charged with such land tax.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enabled, That when any per-when any fan or persons, bodies politick or corporate, holding any manors, beneficial messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under any bene- lease.olders' ficial lease or leases, or by any copy or copies of court roll, orers not~ by any other grant, according to the custom of any manor, for have contract.life or lives, or years abToIute, or years determinable upon any ed for re-life or lives, granted by any person or persons, body politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, or by any tax previ0U3 guild, myffery, fraternity, or brotherhood, whether corporate or t0 Dec. 25, not corporate, or by any trustee or trustees for charities or other 1798* the publick purposes, shall not have contracted for the redemption

of the land tax charged thereon before the twenty-fist. day of ^bjecTto the

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, then intereit of

and in any of the said cases.it shall be laws.l for all such last. such lease.

mentioned person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, com-

panies and trustees, in the manner and form, and under the ^on^of^ie*

restriction. and regulations in the said ad, and this ad, directed iam} tax Qa

and contained in cases.of sales thereby and hereby respectively that or other

authorised, to fell and dispose of the fee simple and inheritance estates limited

of any of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredi- e ame

taments, and also the rents and other prosi.s received or payable

upon or in respect of such leasehold or copyhold tenements or

hereditaments, subject to the subsisting interests of such respec.

tive lessees, copyholders, or other customary tenants, for the

purpole of raising money for the redemption of the land tax

charged thereon j and also on any other manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and whether in the fame or

different counties, the reversion, fee simple, and inheritance

whereof (hall be sett.ed and limited to the fame uses, and in the

fame order and course of limitation.  The said.

XXXIX.  Provided also, and be it further enacted. That eitates to be * no manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, offered for holden under such leases, or by copy of court roll, as aforesaid, tw° months {hall be fold, or offered for sale, to any person or persons whom- ficianease.* soever, other than to the person or persons for the time being holders, &c. beneficially interested therein under the subsisting lease or leases, who shall also or copy or copies of court roll thereof, until two months have afterwards be elapsed after an offer shall have been made to fell the fame to the her*0 person or persons fo beneficially interected, during which period person at the

P 4  of  lame prie..

4^  Anno  regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

■of two months such person or persons, by themselyes.or agents, (hall be exelusive.y entitled^to contract for the pure.ase thereof, and (hall afterwards be prese.red in the pure.ase to any other person or persons whomsoever, at the prie. or sum which any Joint tenants, such other person or persons would give; and that any one joint &c4may ciori‘ tenant, or tenants in common, beneficially entitled as aforesaid, whole°r tne maY contract.f°r ^le whole, with the like prese.ence, on the re-fusa. of the other joint tenant, or tenants in common, to contract for their respective (hares.

Such pure.ase XL. And be it further enacted, That the respective sums of ^pheVand money to ar^e by virtue of any such last.mentioned saie orTales, ijch estates to O'iall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and the respective manors, be exonerated, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the land tax

as in cafe of other sale..

\Mhere land

tax charged on lands held under such beneficial

payable half-yearly, and recoverable as rent.

whereof (hall have been reduced therewith, or with the dock purehase. thereby, (hall be exonerated and aise.arged from such land tax, in the fame manner, in all respes.s, as is directed in cases.of other sales by the said a£t and this adTrespect.ively authorise..

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases.where the land tax charged upon such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tythes, or hereditaments as aforesaid, holden under any such beneficial lease or leases as aforesaid, or by copy of court roll, (hall leases shall be be redeemed by the monies arising by any such sale or sales as sale.uch of last.mentlone(L then and in any such cafe, such of the fame manors, thelandsasare messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as shall not have not fold shall been fold, shall, immediately after such land tax dial 1 be redeem-be chargeable e(j7 be and become charged and chargeable with a yearly sum or amount^of the ^Ur:ns respect.iveiy, by way of rent charge, equal to the amount of land tax, as a the land tax fo redeemed ; which rent charge or rent charges rerent charge, sped.ively shall, from time to time, be paid and payable half yearly, videlicet, at Lady-Day and Michaelmas in every year, by equal portions, free of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, to such person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, and trustees, and to their heirs, successors, and affjgns, and (hall be applie.ble in their hands to such and the fame uses and purposes as the re^ served yearly rents and prosi.s of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall, from to time, be applie.ble to; and the first payment of such rent charges respectively, (hall be made on such of those days as the land tax redeemed would become payable; and also that such person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies," and trustees, as aforesaid, and their reste..ive heirs, successors, and asti.ns, (hall have, and be entitled to life and take the fame powers, remedies, benefits, and advantages, for the recovery of such rent charges resp.es.ively, as landlords by law have or are entitled to use and take for the recovery of rents in arrear.

XLII. And be it further ena<5led, That it shall be laws.l for all , person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies,being beneficially entitled to any copyhold or customary messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by surrender, or by such other ways and means as shall be authorised by the respec.ve customs of the manors whereof the fame shall beholden, and with the consent.f the

said.

Copyholds may be barren krech Sec for the pur-pose.; redern lion of land tax, and the produce ap-

fa id commis.ioners for the purposes of this a cl, to be certified in plied as in the writing under their respective hands and Teals, or any two of them , ^^^^^d e to.fell, mortgage, or charge any luch copyhold or customary.states. rive fiu ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax charged thereon, or on any other copyhold hereditaments sett.ed to the fame uses, and the monies to arise and be produced by such falc, mortgage, or charge,Thai! be • applied in the fame manner in-all respects as in the said ad is clireded with respect to monies arising from the sale of freehold estate..T

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such sale No such sale. or charge of any copyhold estates by surrender or otherwise, stal. to be v^a-be valid, unless the certifie.te of the consent of the said commis. consent.f the boners for the purposes of this ad thereto {hall be entered upon comrnifIioners the court rolls of the manor of which such copyhold or customary under this aft estates shall be holden.  "  .  is  entered  on  .

XLIVh And be it further enacted, That’it (hall and may b e ^  U ^ ™  * *

laws.l for any company or companies of proprietors of canals or niesf&c0*™ay-other navigations, or other works of publick utility, established redeem their or sanction.d by the authority of parhame.t, to raise such sum or land tax by sums of money as shall be necestar. for the redemption of thee.Jls on the land tax charged'on such canals or navigations, or other such ^mortgige01" such works of publick utility, or on any meftuages, lands, or any othA ’ tenements, or hereditaments, belonging thereto, or any tolls means, of raif-ariling thereout, either by calls upon the respective proprie.orSjJJJS^d^^y au-or by mortgage, or by all and every or any of the ways and resp.st.ve-fts* means whereby they were, are, or shall be authorised or em- jUch propri-powered by any ad or ads now in being, or that shall hereast.r ctors to "be be pafl'ed, to raise money for any of the purposes in such ads re"en^-jecl to ^ie sped.ively mentioned or to be mentioned ; and also for the respec.Tb1^^® tive proprietor or proprietors to redeem his, her, or their (hare or under this aft. proportion in the fame, or the Chares or proportions of other proprietors in like manner as joint tenants are hereby authoriled to redeem the land tax charged on other hereditaments.

XLV. and be it further''enacted. That where the monies to be Where the raised by the sale or charge of any manors, meftuages, lands, te- ,toAe nements, or hereditaments, tor the purpose of redeeming any  for  the  re-

tax, shall not exceed the sum of one thousand pounds, then and in^^ption of ey.ery such cafe the indenture or indentures, whereby such sale or the land tax charge (hall be made, in which a greater consideration (hall not ^al1 notex-be expressed, and the inrolments thereof, shall not be liable to stamp duty whatever; and also that no transfer of any stock in inrolments, * the funds, which (hall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the transfers of said ad, for the redemption and sale.of the land tax, to and in the letters name of the commis.ioners for the reduction ofthe national debt, nor any letter of attorney authorising any person or persons to to be free from transfer any such stock in the funds to the commis.ioners for theltamp duties, reduction of the national debt, nor any affidavit to be made in pursuance of the said ad, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever ; and all affidavits made in pursuance thereof, before the palling of this ad, shall be as valid and esse.tual, to all intents

and

42

Time for registering contracts enlarged.

left. 75.

Reghlry of deeds where

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

and purposes whatsoever, although the fame {hall not be {lamped, as if the fame had been made after the palling of this ail; and the said commissioners for the purposes of this ail shall be, and they are hereby indemnisi.d against all persons whomsoever, for having received, before the palling of this ail, any affidavit or affidavits which shall have been made in pursuance of the said 1 aft-mentioned act, and which shall not have been (lamped.

XLVI. And be it further enailed, That it (hall be laws.l to register any contract for the redemption or pure.ase of any land tax notwithstanding more than four months shall have elapsed from the day of the date thereof, provided that such contract be registered, in manner direiled in the said ail, before the transfer of the second inflalment of such flock to be made thereon, or within three calendar months from the time of making the transfer, of flock thereon, in cafe the whole consideration shall be transferred at one time; and ail contrails whereby the consideration shall be agreed to be paid in money, may be registered in like manner at any time within three calendar months from the time of payment of such consideration.

XLVII. And be it further enailed. That the regis.ry of any the con lid era- deeds required to be inrolied.or registered by the said ail, where is under acol. the consideration expressed therein resp.ilively shall not exceed two hundred pounds, by the proper officer appointed for register.ing contrails under the said ail, shall be as valid and esse.tual a$ if the fame were enrolied.or registered in the manner direiled by the said ail; and such officer is hereby required to register the fame gratis.

XLV1IL And be it further enailed. That all and every the provisions of this ail shall, in the execution of the said first recited tobeconilrued ail of the thirty-eighth year aforesaid, be used and applied, and together as construed, in like manner, as if the fame provisions were spec.aily enailed in the said ait; and all and every the provisions of the said ail shall, in the execution of this ail, except where the fame are thereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner as if the fame provisions (except as aforesaid. were spec.aily enailed in this ail.

XLIX. And be it further enailed, That the acceptance of the office of a commissioner for the redemption or sale of land said ail, not be tax under the said ail, by reason of any allowane. for executing deemed aplace the fame, shall not be deemed, taken, or conllrued to be a place hLPMajest.der or empl°yment P1*0^ under his Majessy, notwithstanding the appointment shall be by warrant under the royal sign manual, but that the fame shall be deemed, taken, and conllrued to be a place or employment under the authority of the said ail, to all intents and purposes, and shall not impeach any claim or title which such commissioners may have to any other allowane. whatever under his Majessy.

Ail may be L. Provided always, and be it further enailed. That this ail altered or re- may altered, varied, or repealed, by any ail or ails to be made fiffion.1 1S  Pre^ent  session of parhame.t*

The ail of 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. and this nil,

one ail.

Office of commissioner to execute the

SCHEDULE

43

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgu. III. c. 7.

SCHEDULE to which the ACT refers.

FORM of the CERTIFICATE of the Contrail when the Confide-ration is to he paid in Money.

KNOW all men, That we A. B. and C. D. two of the com-mishone.s appointed for the purposes of an aft [Here insert the title of the ail of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty ], for the [county, ridings &c.] do hereby certify that we have con- c. tracted.and agreed with A. B. for the redemption by him [or her, as the cafe may require'] of  land  tax, being the

land tax [or pareel.of the land tax, as the cafe may require] charged upon the [desc.ibe the lands, £sfc.] The consideration for the redemption is declared to be fo much of laws.l money of Great Britain, to be paid to the receiver general, or his deputy, or collector, [as the cafe may require,] for the said [.county, riding,

Jhirey &c.] ot  as according to thexurrent prie.

of flock transmitted to such [receiver general, or his deputy, or colles.orf\ on the day of  [or if by infalments, name

the particular days and proportions,] will be fustic.ent ro pure.ase capital flock, in the three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities, such prie. to be estimated according to the current prie. of (lock transferred in the week preceding the day of making the contract: [ory the day of payment; as the cafe may require:—$r, if to be paid by infalments, the days of payment in respect of each inflalment, with interect, to be paid at the time of the second and each subsequent inflal-ment to the said receiver general or his deputy, equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed, deduct.ng theres.om a sum bearing the fame proportion to such land tax as the amount of flock to be pure.ased with the money paid before the time of each payment bears to the whole amount of flock to be pure.ased with the money agreed to be paid on such contract.J

C A P. VII.

An act for raising the sum of three miilion. by way of annuities,—• [December 22, 1798.]

Mofl gracious Sovereign,

W'E, ycur Majesty’s moil dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain in parhame.t assembled, being desirous to raise the necefTary supplies which we have chears.lly granted to your Majessy.in this session of parhame.t, have re~ solved that the sum of three miilion. be raised by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned; and do theres.re mofl: humbly beseech your Majessy.that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mofl excelien. majessy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the

fame.

 DOgle

44

Even^ contributor ot iool; to be entitled to a principal of xool. in the 3 per cent, consol.; and a principal of */i- 9s. 6d. in the 3 per cent, reduced.

Contributors who have made deposits to pay the remainder of fufc-scrip.ions by instal.ents.

Guardians may fuhscribe.for infants.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [179S.

fame* 'That every contributor towards railing the laid sum of three miilion. shall for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds, in consolidated annuities, after tire rate-of three pounds per centum per annum; and also to a further principal sum of eighty-seven pounds nine shillings and sixpence in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parhame.t; the laid consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fist. day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the laid reduced annuities, after- the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from: the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum respectively, in respect of each one-hundred pounds fo to be contributed as aforesaid, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and rrlade payable out of, the con-lolidated fund, and shall be payable and transferable at the bank of England; and the said consolidated annuities, after the rate'of three pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fist. day of July and the fist. day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per Centura, filial 1 be paid half-yearly, on the fist. day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II.  And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said restation, fever al persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purposes.ubs.ribed together the whole of the said sum of three miilion. to be raijed by annuities; and made deposits of ten poundst per centum on the resp. clive sums by them fa subs.ribed to the said sum of three miilion., to be raised by annuities, with the cast.iers of the governor and company of the bank ^England ; be it theres.re enacted, That it shall and may be laws.l to and for such contributors, who have made such deposits with thee.sh.er or cash.ers of the governor and company of the bank of England,

’ (which cashier or cash.ers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that belial.), to advane. and pay unto the said cashier or cash.ers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several remainders of the sums by them respect.ively' subs.ribed towards the said sum of three miilion., at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions hereinafter limited and appointed in that belial.; (that is to fay). The further sum of thirty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fecon. day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; the further sum of thirty pounds per centum, on or before the eighth day of February then next following; and the remaining sum of thirty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty* second day of February then next following.

III.  And be it further enact.ed, That it shall and maybe laws.l for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the mo*

my

45

1798-] Anno rfegni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7

ney of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advane.ng the fa id sum of three miilion., to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, ihall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respec.t thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums fo advaneed, is hereby discharged, fo as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That the several fubscribe.s

or contributors, their executors, adminst.ators, successors, and certain armui-asti.ns, in resp.ts. of the said sum of three miilion., (hall be en- ties, which titled to an annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, for thall be paid every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectively ad- ^f,^~3iot?ti vaneed.and paid, to commence from the fist. day of January one subs.r]-ptions thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by are complet-parhame.t in manner herein-after mentioned; and (ball also be ed. entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds fo advaneed.and paid, to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the additional principal sum of eighty-seven pounds nine (hillings and sixpence, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until redemption by parhame.t in manner herein-after mentioned; which said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum respectively, (hall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay).

The said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds centum, on the fist. day of July and the fist. day of January, in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fist. day of April and the tenth day of October, in every year; the first payment upon the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on the laid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fist. day of Aprilone thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; but (hall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or afiigns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the pure.ase of the said annuities.

V.  And be it further enabled. That as soon as any contri- As soon as butors, their executors, administrators, fuccefiors, or afilgns,

(hall have completed their payments of such part of the whole they maybe * sum payable by them resp.es.ively towards the said sum of three transferred... miilion., as (hall be payable in respec.l of the (aid consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they 'shall.become entitled in respect of such subs.riptions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such resp.ts.ive contributors* their executors, administrators,

fuc-

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [17980

fuccefiors, and afiigns, completing such payments; and as soon as such contributors, their executors, administrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns, (hall have completed the payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of three miilion., a9 shall be payable in respect of the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, the principal sum or sums in the said reduced annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such re-sped.ive contributors, their resp.£tive fuccefiors, executors, admi-niftrators, and afiigns, completing such payments; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be fo placed, their re-sped.ive executors, administrators, fuccefiors, and afiigns, (hall and may have power to afiign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England', and the said governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the pash.g of this adt, to prepare proper books for the pur-pose.of entering the names of all' such contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal sums To paid by them respec.tively; and that such of the said contributors, their executors, administrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns, who (hall complete the payments of such parts of the whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said sum of three miilion., as (hall be payable in respect of any or either of the said annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England (hall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this adt, shall be entitled to have the sums fo paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of England; and the said governor and company are hereby required to cause such sums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof, in the books of the said bank of England ; and such entries in the said books (hall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all sums paid in manner aforesaid; and such sums shall carry the consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, respectively, redeemable by parhame.t; and (hall respec.tively be taken and deemed to be (lock transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this adf, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein-after mentioned.

Annuities  VI.  And  be  it further enacted, That all the annuities afore-

payable and faJ(j shall be payable and paid, and be transferrable, at the bank atThVbank6 England; and (hall be subject to such redemption as is hereinafter mentioned.

VII.  And, for the more easy and sure payment of all the annuities, Bank to ap- eftahltshed.by this adl^ be it further enacted, That the said governor point a calli.er and company of the bank of England, and their fuccefiors, (hall anf eenera?^ ^rom ^me to ^me? until all the said annuities (hall be redeemed, andthetrea- appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons, fury to order within their office in the city of London, to be their chies.or firs.

calli.er

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7.  47

cash.er or cash.ers, and one other sufficient person, within the.^pneytobe fame office, to be their accountant general; and that fo much 01^;^“ the monies by this ad appropriated for the purpose, as shall he payment of sufficient from time to time to answer the said annuities, and the annuities, other payments, herein directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that belial., from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this a61 appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first or chies.cashier or caffiiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said respective annuities payable by virtue of this ad; and that such cashier or cash.ers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall * from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant general for the time being shall from time to time infpe£t and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cash.ers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligene., or delay.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cash.ers Cafhier to gave

of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall  t°r

have received, or shall receive, any part,of the said contributions which maybe towards the said sum of three miilion., shall give a receipt or re- assigned before ceipts in writing to every such contributor for all such sums; and Feb. 7, 1799. that the receipts to be given shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the seventh day of February

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer: provided always, That such cashier or cash.ers shall give security Cafhier to to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of give security the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly money answering and paying into the receipt of his Majessy.s exchequer, cejves into the for the publick use, all the monies which they have already receiv- exchequer, ed, and shall hereast.r receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of three miilion., and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performane. of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the sarthe.t, into and shall acccount for the fame in the exchequer according to the due course thereof, denuding thereout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this ad, for which sums fo paid allowane. shall be made in his or their accounts.

IX.  And be it enacted, That in the office of the accountant A book to be general of the governor and company of the bank of England for keP* In the ac-the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in neralNs office which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered; for entering ’

which book or books the said respective contributors} their respec. contributors

names, a du-' plie.te where-

4s

Anno regtii tricelimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [179?.

administrators, fuccefTors, and ailigns, shall.nd

auditor of the exchequer.

Contributors duly paying their (ubscrip. ! tions, entitled to annuities tax free.

of to be trans tive executors,

nutted to the may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, tefort to and inspect without any fee or charge; and that the laid accountant-general (hall, on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven.hundred and ninety-nine, transmit an attested duplie.te, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into t(ae office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

X. And be further enacted, Thatsuch.contributors, duly paying the whole sum fo subs.ribed at or before the respective times in tins act limited in that belial., and their respective executors, administrators, fuccefTors, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said several annuities, by this add granted in respect of the sum fo subs.ribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parhame.t for payment thereof, and shall have good and fare imerect. and estates therein, according to the leveral provisions in this add contained, in respect of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pound? per centum per annum respectively, payable and transferable at the bank of England; and that the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XI.  Provided always, That in cafe any such contributors who have already deposited with or (hall hereast.r pay to the said calli.er or cash.ers any sum or Turns of money at the time and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums fo by them respectively subs.ribed, or their respective executors, administrators, fucceiTors, or assigns, shall not advane. and pay to the said cashier or cash.ers, the residue of the sum or sums fo subs.ribed at the times and in the manner before-mentioned, then and in every such cafe fo much ofsith. respective sum or sums fo subs.ribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cash.ers, (hall be fors.ited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished ; any thing.in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XII.  And be it further en.acted, That all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the. said sum of three miilion., and all persons laws.lly claiming under them, shall be poHelied.thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be deseen.ible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attact.me.t by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, fta-tute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe laws.l for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the

Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, to be fors.ited.

Annuities to be deemed personal ellate.

Treasur. may apply the money paid into the exchequer.

high treasurer for the time being, to iffiue and apply from time to time all such sums o? money as (hall re fo paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the said cashier or cash.ers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in thispresent.less.on of parhame.t.

XIV. And

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgix III. c. 7.  49

XIV.  And be it further enabled, That hooks shall be con- Accountant-Hantly kept by the said accountant-general for the time being,

wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advaneed.or con- for entering

tributed towards the said sum of three miilion., shall be entered transfer .

and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words

for that purpose, and (hall be signed by the parties making such

alignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their re-

spec.ive attorney or attornies thereunto laws.lly authonfed, in

writing under his or their hand and sea., or hands and seals, to

be attested by two or more credible witnestes; and that the

several.persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall re-

fpeblively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other

method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any

part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available

in law: provided always, That all persons polleHed of any share Stock maybe

or interest in either of the said Hocks of annuities, or any estate devis.d.

or interest therein, may devise the fame by will, in writing,

attest.d by two or more credible witneies; but that no payment

shall.be made upon any such devise, until fo much of the said.

will as relates to such share, estate, or interect, in the said Hocks

of annuities be entered in the said office; and that in desau.t

of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interect, in the

said.flocks of annuities, shall go to the executors, administra.

tors, fuccelfors, and assigns ; and that no (lamp duties whatsoever Transfers not

shall.be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute toftamP

to the contrary notwithfbnding.  unes.

XV.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That, out Treasur. may of the monies arising from the contributions towards raiftng the dentalex°^ said sum of three miilion. by annuities, any three or more of penCes out of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the contribu-time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident tions, and charges as shall necestar.ly attend the execution of this a61, in ^^ITe^aflifer.such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also and account> to sett.e and appoint such allowane.s as shall be thought proper ant-general, for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cash.ers,

for receiving, paying, and accounting for the laid contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the consolidated fund, such further allowane.s as shall be judged reasonable, for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or calli.ers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this abl; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant-general, for. performing the trull reposed in him by this a<51; all which allowane.s to be made as aforesaid, in resp.bt of the service, pains, and labour/, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their dif-

P0^;  ,  ,  .  ,  ,  .  The 3I. per

XVI.  And be it further enabled, I hat all the monies to cent, consol..

which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of under this a<5t this abl, in resp.bl of any sum advaneed.or contributed towards to be added to the said sum of three miilion., on which the said consol.dated

annuities, C0fo0ls.

Vol. XLII.

E

5°

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1798.

annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum^ shall be attending, (hall be added to the joint flock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England\ into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annu?ny were, by several afts made in the twenty-fist., twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several fubsequent. afts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint flock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parhame.t, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said aft made in the twenty-fist. year of his said la^e Majessy.s reign, is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said aft; and that all and every per* fon and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this aft, .shall.have and be deemed to have a proportional interell and share in the said joint flock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

The 3I. per XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to to^e added^  2n}7  Per^on or persons shall become entitled by virtue of

to the joint  ail,  in respect of any sum advaneed.or contributed towards

flock of 3I. the said sum of three miilion. on which the said reduced annuities, per cent, re- after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumr shall be duced.  attending, shall be added to the joint flock of annuities trans-

ferrable at the bank of England., which, by an aft made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majessy, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annumy and shall be deemed part of the said.oint Hock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parhame.t, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several afts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this aft, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interell and share in the said joint Annuities flock of annuities at the rate aforesaid; and fo much money shall.

thKadl b ^rom ^me t0 ^me cont^nue to ^et aPart and issued at the repaid ^out of C ceipt th& exchequer, to the said calli.er or cash.ers of the the consol.- bank of England\ out of the consolidated fund, as shall be fuf-dated fund. ficient to satisfy and pay the said annuities after the respective rates of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum.> together with the charges attending the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-standing.

Perfons coun- XVIII. And be it further enabled, That if any person or kinfJK: persons shall forge or counters.it, or cause or procure to be tri^utions^&c". f°rgec* or counters.ited, or shall willingly aft or assist in the guilty of *  forging or counters.iting any receipt or receipts for the whole

felony.  of, Qr any part or parts of, the said contributions towards the

said.

 -

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7.  51

said.Turn of three miilion., either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as the con* tributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or (hall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counters.ited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons fo forging or counters.iting, or caufmg or procuring to be forged or counters.ited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counters.iting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shal. suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XIX.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bank to con-said.governor and company of the bank of England, and their portion till successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their the annuities own funds, in pursuance of the a£ts for establishing the fame, hereby grant-or any of them, shal. continue a corporation for the purposes of ed cease. this adl, until all the annuities by this a£l granted (hall be redeemed by parhame.t, or shal. cease as aforesaid; 2nd that the

said.governor 2nd company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this adf.

XX.  And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gra- No fee to be tuity whatsoever, shal. be demanded or taken of any of his ceivin^co^-Majest.’s subject.s, for receiving or paying the said subscription tributs.ns, or or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning the fame, or for paying the said annuities, or any of transferring them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or (mail, to made

in pursuance of this a61, upon pain that any officer or person F y *

offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or

gratuity, shal., for every such offence, fors.it the sum of twenty

pounds to the party aggrieyed, with full cods of fuit, to be

recovered by adfion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft min ft er, wherein no

effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injundlion or order

of restraint, or any more than one imparlance (hall be granted

or allowed.

XXL And be it further enact.ed, That if any person or per- Perfons sued Tons shal. be sued, moleded, or prosecuted, for any thing done irj^tfi'ue ^ by virtue or in pursuance of this adf, such person or persons shal. ® and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidene., in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict. shal. pass for the defendant or defend- - * ants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall disc.niinue his, her, or their acfion or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shal. be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shal. have treble costs awarded Treblecost.. to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

£ 2  CAP.

5*

Preamble.

38 Geo. 3. C. 53, recited.

Time allowed by recited a<5t for making entries, and obtaining certifie.tes, extended to Feb. 15, 1799.

*

Anno regnl tricesimo nono Georgii III. c, 8,9. [1798. CAP. VIII.

An act for extending the time allowed for taking out certifie.tes for using or wearing armorial bearings or ensigns, until the fist.enth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.— [January 4, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an aft, sass.. in the lafl session of parhame.t, intituled, An acl for granting to his Majesty a duty on certifie.tes issued with respect to armorial bearings or ensigns, it was enacted. That, fro?n and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty or within the space of tivo calendar months next ensuing, every person liable to any of the duties by the said aft imposed Jhould make entry of his or her name and place of abode in the manner, and for the purpofiy in the said aft mentionedy under the penalty in the [aid aft containedy in order to obtain a certifie.te thereof duly Jlampedy as by the said aft is dire ft ed: and whereas many person.y using or wearing armorial bearings or ensign.y through ignorancey absene.. or fame unavoidable accidenty have omitted or negleet.d to ?nake such entriesy arid obtain such certifie.tes as aforesaid. within the time I'united by the said afty whereby they are Or may become liable to the penalty contained therein; for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s molt excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority of the fame, That the time allowed by the said recited a£t for making such entries, and obtaining such certifie.tes, (hall be, and is hereby extended until and upon the fist.enth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that every person liable to any of the duties by the said recited adl imposed, who, on the twenty-fourth day of August.one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, (hall have negleet.d or omitted to make such entry, and obtain such certifie.te, and who, before the fist.enth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall make such entry, and obtain such certifie.te as by the said recited adt is required, shall be, and is hereby indemnisi.d, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and fors.itures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such omission or negleet. and every such entry fo to be made shall be of the like force and effiedt as if the fame had been made within the time limited by the said recited adt.

CAP. IX.

An aft' to continuey until the firjl day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine y an afty made in the lafl session of par-hame.ty chapter seven. on the fiecond day of December one thou-/and seven hundred and ninety-seven. intituledy An adt to continue.

53

5798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 9,

tinue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next fefiion of parhame.t, two several afts, parted in the fefiion of parhame.t holden in the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty, the one chapter thirty-two, on the tenth clay of March, and the other, chapter sixty.one, on the twenty-fist. day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for suspending for a limited time, the operation of certain afts, made in the fist.enth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negp-ciation of promistory.notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain calied.Englandy and also to amend the said aft, and further to continue the fame, fo amended, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.—r[ January 4, 1799.]

WHEREAS an aft was posse. in the thirty-seven.h year of Preamble.

ihe reign of hjs present Majefy, intituled, An aft to fuf- 37 Geo. 3. pend for a limited time, the operations of two adds of the fif- c* 3%* an teenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for rests.ining the negociation of promistory.notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain calied.England: and ivhereas another aft was pajfed in We fame session of parhame.t, intituled, An aft to revive, amend, and 37 Geo. 3.C. continue, for a limited time, an add parted in the present session 6l> rect.ecli of parhame.t, intituled, cAn aft to fuspend, for a limited time, the operation of two afts of the fist.enth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promistory.notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum within that part of Great Britain calied.England and whereas the said first recited aft-> as revived, amended, and continued, by the said second recited aft, has,, by two other afts% one passed in the fame session of parhame.t, and the other in the laf session of parhame.t, being further continued until the expiration of fix weeks after the cominene.ment of this present session and whereas it is expect.ent that the said two firjl recited afts should be further continued and amended; be it enacted by the King’s most excelien. qiajest., by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority of the fame, That the said first herein- and further before recited aft, as revived, amended, and continued, by the ^a^ch^ t0 said second herein-before recited aft, and also the said second T7^C. but’af-herein-before recited aft, shall have further continuance, and be ter Feb. t, in force, from the expiration of the present term thereof, until 1799? shall, the first day of Februarv one thousand seven hundred and ninety- onlyextend to

.  j  •  •*  j  f'P'rrain note**

nine; and that, from and after the said first day of February one payable on thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the said redited afts demand to shall have further continuance and be in force, until the twenty- the bearer, fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, but shall only extend to and have esse.t upon promistory.notes or draughts, or undertakings in writing, payable on demand to the beater thereof for any sum of money less than the sum of five

e 3  pounds5

54 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io—12. £1798,

pounds, and not less than the sum of twenty (hillings in the v  whole;  any thing in the said acts, or any other law or statute, to

Aft may be the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that this altered or re- a<ft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any adi or aits to be Feffion  in this present session of parhame.t,

C A P. X.

An aft to continue, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred anc^ ninety-nine, and amend an aft, pafied in the thirty -eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter two, videlicet. On the thirtieth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An aft to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, an aft, pafied in the session of parhame.t of the thirty-lixth and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty -seven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, ‘An aft to continue an aft, made in this present session of parhame.t, intituled, “An aft to revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an aft, pafied in the present session of parhame.t, intituled, “An aft to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britaime.lied.Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have ifiued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom,” for a limited time.’—[January 4, 1799*3

From the fist.enth of January 1799, no notes under five (hillings to be ifiued.

CAP. XI.

An aft; for allowing further time for the payment of instalments to become due on certain sums advaneed.by way of loan, to certain persons connected with and tracting.to the istands.of Grenact. and St. Vincents. —[January 4, 1799.]

CAP, XII.

An aft to contiue, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, An aft, pafied in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter fisteen, videlicet, On the sixteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; and also an aft, pafied in the fame year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-second.day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another aft, pafied in the thirty-sixth.year of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y-lix, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, relating to.the ad-misti.n of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the if-fiiing of orders in couneil.for that purpose; and to continue, for the fame period, an aft, pafied in the session of parhame.t holden in the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.—[January 4, 1799-]

CAP.

179S.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. 13.  55

CAP. XIII.

An aft to repeal the duties imposed by an aft, made in the lajl of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the pro-fecution of the war; and to make ?nore esse.tual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties.—[January 9, 1799*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parhame.t assembled, being desirous to raise an ample contribution for the prosecution of the war.; and taking notice that the provilions made for that purpose, by an ad of the last session of parhame.t, intituled,

An a5l for granting to his Majefy an aid and contribution for the c* 1 ,rect.e prosecution of the war, have in sundry instane.s been greatly evacted, and that many persons are not afteste. under the said ad in a just proportion to their means of contributing to the publick service; have cheers.lly and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this ad give and grant, unto your Majesty, the several and respective rates and duties herein-after mentioned : and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the said recited ad as So much charges any person with an additional duty in proportion to the thereof as im-amount of the rates or duties to which such person was or fi°nal duties should be afteste. according to any assessment or afteflments made or appoints * in pursuance of any ad or ads in force at the time of pa(T- commis.ion-ing the said recited ad, or as authorises or appoints commis. ^rs> repealed; fioners for executing the fame, or for hearing and determining Tr^. appeals, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed from and after except in cer-the fist. day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- tain particu-nine; save and except in cases.herein-after mentioned, and in lars» all cases.relating to the recovering, collect.ng, paying, or ac- L • > 9 J counting for any arrears of the rates or afteflments charged by virtue of the said ad, which may become payable on or before the said fist. day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and may after that time remain unpaid ; or to the recovering any penalty or fors.iture which shall have been then incurred under and by virtue of the said ad.

II. And be It further enacted, That instead of the rates and The following afteflments by the said ad imposed and hereby repealed as afore- blTim (aid, and during the term hereinafter mentioned, there (ball be p0fed on all raised, levied, collected, and paid annually, unto and for the use income, from of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccelfors, throughout the kingdom property in of Great Britain, upon all income arising from property in Great ^elontehlgttoI1, Britain belonging to any of his Majesty’s subjects, although not subjects *  E 4  resident  though not

56

residing.there; and upon all income of all

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

resident.in Great Britain, and upon all income of every person residing in Great Britain,znd of every body politick or corporate* or company, fraternity, or society of persons (whether corporate

and all ^or^* °r n0t corPorate) ‘n Great Britain, whether any such income as « " 7 afores.id shall arise from lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

d HOO ► U flf 41 n

in wheresoever the fame (hall be situate in Great Britain or elfe-where, or from any kind of personal property, or other property whatever, or from any prosession, office, stipend, pension, employment, trade, or vocation, the several rates and duties following; that is to fay, One one-hundred-and^twentieth part of the income or from personal of every such person, body politick or corporate, company, property; or fraternity, or society estimated according to this adl, if the fame from any pro- shall amount unto sixty pounds per annum^ and shall be under session, office,  sixty.five pounds per annum; one  ninety-fist. part of such

v* fr ^C#  income, if the fame (hall amount to  sixty.five pounds, but shall.

r*Z]  1  th  ^nder  seventy pounds ; one seventieth part of such income, if

partoss.e..2^  the fame shall amount to seventy  pounds, but shall be under

income.  seven.y-five pounds; one sixty.fist.  part of such income, if the

6 1 and 1  **ame  amount to seven.y-five pounds, but shall be under

under 70I • f  e^ghty pounds; one sixtieth part of such income, if the fame shall.

i  ,_jl  amount to eighty pounds, but shall be under eighty^five pounds;

^  ^ I  ^  ? nn O n Ct-xf CAk  ff  rtf Airtk lnrtrtnno if fko fomn /kill nmninil-  *rt

Great Britain, whether ariflng from lands in Great Britain, or elsewhere;

2Si

$

951

— 8ol.* ~ one fist.-fist. part of such income, if the fame shall amount to

___85I.; -  eighty-five pounds, but shall be under ninety pounds ; one fist.eth

—90I. ; -  part of such income, if the fame shall amount to ninety pounds,

—951.; - T\> but (ball be under ninety-five pounds ; one forty-fist. part of such —1001.5 iT income, if the fame shall amount to ninety-five pounds, but shall.

100I.-105I. be under one hundred pounds; one sortie.h part ofsuch.income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred pounds, but (hall be j05l«-noh; under one hundred and five pounds; one thirty-eighth part of such income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and five pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ten pounds ; one 110I.-115I.; 3V thir.y-sixth.part of such income, if the fame shall amount to , T one hundred and ten pounds, but (hall be under one hundred and 1151.-120 ., fist.en pounds; one thirty-fourth part of such income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and fist.en pounds, but shall.

JZ0I.-125I.;

3a be under one hundred and twenty pounds; one thirty-second.part of such income, if the fame (hall amount to one hundred and twenty pounds, but shall be under one hundred and twenty-125I.-130I. 5 five pounds; one thirtieth part of such income, if the lame shall amount to one hundred and twenty-five pounds, but (hall be

1301.-1351.

under one hundred and thirty pounds ; one twenty-eighth part of such income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and thirty pounds, but shall be under one hundred and thirty-five pounds ; i3Sl-'4ol * *one twenty-sixth.part of such income, if the fame (hall amount t . l. to one hundred and thirty-five pounds, but shall be under one 140 .-145 • > 2.4 hundred and forty pounds; one twenty-fourth part of such income, if the fame (hall amount to one hundred and forty pounds, but 145I ..150I.;  be unc^er one hundred and forty-five pounds : one twenty-

, second part of such income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and forty-five pounds, but shall be under one hundred

and

1798.3  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13,  57

and fist. pounds ; one twentieth part of such income, if the fame i$ol.andun~ ?

shall.amount to one hundred and fist. pounds, but shall be under der 155I.;  3^

one hundred and fist.-five pounds; one nineteenth part of such 1551.-160I.j r\

income, if the fame shall amount to one. hundred an-d fist.-five

pounds, but shall be under one hundred and sixty pounds ; one 160I.-165I.; -rs

eighteenth part of such income, if the fame shall amount to one

hundred and sixty pounds, but shall be under one hundred and

sixty.five pounds; one seventeenth part of such income if the 1651.170b; -a\

fame shall amount to one hundred and sixty.five pounds, but

shall.be under one hundred and seventy pounds; one sixteenth 170I.-175I.;-jV

part of such income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred

and seventy pounds, but shall be under one hundred and seven.y-

five pounds; one fist.enth part of such income, if the fame shall 1> tt

amount to one hundred and seven.y-five pounds, but shall be

under one hundred and eighty pounds; one fourteenth part of 1801.-185!.;

such.income, if the fame shall amount to one hundred and

eighty pounds, but shall be under one hundred and eighty-five

pounds; one thirteenth part of such income, if the fame shall 185I.-190L; TrT

amount to one hundred and eighty-five pounds, but (hall be

under one hundred and ninety pounds; one twelfth part of such 190I.-195I.; A

income, if the fame (hall amount to one hundred and ninety

pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ninety-five pounds ;

one eleventh part of such income, if the fame shall amount to 195I..200I.; rxr

one hundred and ninety-five pounds, but (hall be under two

hundred pounds; and one tenth part of such income, if the fame 200I. or 1 T

(hall amount to two hundred pounds, or upwards : which respec. upwards j iiy

five rates shall be charged and aflelfed by commis.ioners, to be

chose. for that purpose in the manner herein-after directed.

III.  And be it further enabled, That every person having a child Perfons having or children born in wedlock, and maintained principally by such per- children, main-fon at his or herexpence, whether such child or children be the child at use./exp^nce^ or children of him or her, or of his or her wife or hush.nd by any /hall be allowed former marriage, shall be entitled to the resp.£five abatements the following ^ following; that is to fay, Any person whose income is sixty pounds a year or upwards, and under four hundred pounds a vear, i11C0rxie 0f 6ol-having such child or children, shall have an abatement after the and under 400I. rate of five pounds per centum for each such child: any person a year, 5 per whose income is four hundred pounds a year or upwards, and  eac^

under one thousand pounds a year an abatement after the rate ol 4CCi/an(i under four pounds per centum for each such child, where any of the i}oool.4per children are or is of an age exceeding fix years; and where all cent, for each such children are under the age of fix years, then an abatement ^cnre after the rate of three pounds per centum for each such child: any one above fix person having an income or one thousand pounds a year or years old, upwards, and under five thousand pounds a year, an abatement and 3 per cent, after the rate of three pounds per centum for each such child, ^^en^ where any of such children are or is of an age exceeding fix under fix: years; and where all such children are under that age, then an i,oool. and abatement after the rate of two pounds per centum for each such under 5,000!. child : and all per fon s having an income of five thousand pounds 3  ^

a year or upwards, an abatement alter the rate ol two pounds 1^manner. **

Per oool.and

 CjOOQIc

manner.

58  AnnoregnitricfiemononoGEORGii  III.  c. 13. [1798.

up wards ,2 per per centum for each such child, where any of such children are or

cent* in hke^ *s an aSe excee^ng Years> and where all such children are under the age of fix years, then an abatement after the rate of one pound per centum for each such child : which abatement (hall be allowed by the respective commissioners for the purposes of this adt, and for hearing and determining appeals under this adt, upon delivery of a declaration {satin. the number of such persons children, and on proof made, to the satis.adiion of the laid commissioners, of the truth of the matters contained in such declaration; and the said commissioners {hall cause the said abatements to be dedudled from the amount of such person.s assessment as the cafe {hall require.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this adt contained (hall be construed to extend to charge the {lock or fund of any friendly society eflabliss.ed under or by virtue of an adt passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aflfor the encouragement and relief offriendly societies.

V.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no corporation, faternity, or society of persons establish.d for charitable purposes only, {hall be chargeable under this adt, in respect of the

This adt not to asse.t the itock of friendly societies establish.d under 33 Geo. 3. c. 5+.

Nor corporations, See. establish.d for charitable purposes only. Nor any annual pres.d-ing officer of a corporation for his official

income of such corporation, fraternity, or society.

VI.  Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no annual officer presiding over any corporation or royal burgh, ffiall be chargeable by virtue of this adt in respect of the income derived from his salary and emoluments in respect of such office.

VII.  Provided also, and be it further ensdted, That no rector or vicar {hall be charged in respect of any stipend paid to a curate, such rector or vicar being ufuaily reftdent, and ordinarily doing duty in some parish of which he is rector or vicar, or having some other legal excuse for not residing on such rectory or vicarage.'

VIII.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person who {hall, on or before the palling of this adt, actually be in Great Britain for some temporary purpose only, and not with

flonaHy only) an^ VieW or *ntent establish.ng his or her Yefidene. therein, in Great ’ {hall be chargeable with the duties, imposed by this adt as a person Britain, not actually redding in Great Britain, but ffiall be chargeable never-to be charged thele.s with any duties to which such person might, on or after adt, but under t‘ie ^ fist. day. of April one thousand seven hundred and 38 Geo, 3. ninety-nine, be chargeable by virtue of the said adt of the thirty— c. 16.  eighth year of his Majesty’s reign, if this adt had not been made;

and the said adt of the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty’s reign, and all the proviiions therein contained, ffiall be in full force. If the income with respect to such person, as if this adt had not been made, of such persons  IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the in-*

be charged come of any person, being in Great Britain ior such temporary under that adt pUrpGfe only, or any part thereof, ffiall be charged under the said.

Redtors, See. not chargeable for their curates’ fala-ries.

Perfons

and this, deduction may be made on account of such double charge.

recited adt, and also under this adt, it ffiall be laws.l for the re-sped.ive commissioners for the purposes of this adt, or for hearing and determining appeals under this adt, on proof upon oath of a

double

59

1*798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IIL c. 13.

double charge, to make such deauction.on account thereof, as to the said respective commissioners shall seem just and proper. Po f

X.  And be it further enacted, That any subject of his Majesty, fionally absent whose ordinary relict.ne. (hall have been in Great Britain, and from Great who shall have departed from Great Britain and gone into any Britain, at the parts beyond the seas for the purposeonly of occasional reside.e.

at the time of the execution of this ad, shall be deemed, not- this a<^ ^a]j withstanding such temporary absene., a person chargeable in re- be charged sped of his or her income, as a person actually reftding in Great under this ad; Britain, and shall be assessed and charged accordingly (in the th^drln0^ manner herein-after direct.d) upon the whole amount of his or come her income, whether the fame shall stris. from property in Great [See f. 38, 39. Britain or elsewhere, or from any prosession, office, pension, 73- 88.] stipend, employment, trade, or vocation, in Great Britain or

el (e where.  commis.ioners

XI.  And be it further enacted, That the respective persons au- of the house.

thorifed or appointed to be commissioners for executing and ad- tax, &c. (hail ing in the execution of the ads relative to the duties on houses, ^fe of the ^ windows, or lights, or other the duties placed under the manage- missioner. ment of the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, shall from 0f land tax, time to time cause lifts to be made of such persons who are or Sec. in their shall be named or described in or by any ad or ads, passed or to ^p^d^sdi be passed in the present or any future parhame.t, to ad as com- r^de^iby diis*" missioner. of land taxor supply, or other the duties aforesaid, a&, [Seef.23.] within their county, riding, (hire, stewart.y, or place, and who and 10 others shall be qualisle. as by this ad is required, and .ten other persons  m

at the least, also fo qualisle., for'each division of such county or ^ if fo many riding, and for each city, borough, town, or place in England, for Can be found; which commissioners are or (hall be separately named in such ad and shall ap-or ads, or for each shire, stewart.y, or place in Scotland, if fo the'Hu-ft many persons can be found qualisle. as by this ad is required, or meeting for fo many as can be found fo qualisle. therein respectively, for fach purpose, which purpose the said acting commissioners, or any two of them, within seven acting for any division of any county or riding, or any city, bo- days after be-rough, town, or place in England, or for any (hire, stewart.y, or by a^yfospec.place in Scotland, who shall receive notice of this ad, shall appoint tor, &c. and

a day and time for holding the fir ft meeting for the purpose of (hall deliver making out such lifts as aforesaid, containing the places of reft- such lilts, fig n-

o  j  nv  them

dene. respectively of the persons named therein to ad within their t0 their clerk respective diviftons, cities, boroughs, towns, or places, in Eng- to transmit.o land, and (hires, stewart.ies and places in Scotland; which meet- the tax office; ing shall be holden within the space of (even days after any two commissioners of such division, city, borough, town, or place in before persons England, or (hire, stewart.y, or place in Scotland, shall be required having, within by any insped.r or surveyor to hold the fame; and the said com- four years » missioner. present at any meeting held for the purposes aforesaid, preceding, shall make out and deliver such lifts, ftgned by the majority of the commissioners present at such meeting, to the clerk of such com- the pannel to missioner., who shall forthwith transmit the fame to the commrs. serve. as grand

fioners for the assai.s of taxes; who shall (in respect of lifts made jurors lor each

v r  •  county, &c. m

in England; at a meeting to be

I3* [!79&-

lifts; and before the barons of the exchequer in Scotland. Such grand

6o  Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c.

bU^he°flf^iff *m ^ngtond) cause the Tame to be laid before such persons who (hall

within ten* ^ave served, or have been returned upon the pannel of jurors to

days after re- serve, as jurors upon the grand inquest of the county at large, or

ceipt of such of the city, borough, town, or place, being respectively a

county of itself, at any assize or sessions of oyer and terminer

and general gaol delivery, within the space of four years before

the palling of this a6l, or l'o many of them as final 1 be present.

at any meeting to be holden in pursuance of the summons of the

.  -  , sheris. for the fame county, city, borough, town, or place (which

ions Ihall.fe*~ summonses the said sheris.s, or their deputies respectively, (ball

lect.a compe- cause to be ifhied, returnable within ten days after the trans.

tent number, miilion.of such lifts to them resp.ts.ively); and in resp.bt of lifts

mac^e *n Scotland^ the fame shall be laid before the barons of

to°be commis. exchequer there; and the persons present at such meeting,

fioners under and the said barons respectively shall, out of such lifts, felebfc

this a6l; and such number of persons, qualisle. as hereby is required, as shall.

for supplying  neCelfary  for carrying;  into execution the general  purposes  of

vsiCEncics in  * *  ^ ^  ^  *  *

the orderin t^lis a&> and f°r applying from time to time any vacane. that;

which they may arise as herein-after mentioned; and shall appoint such per-shall.be fele6t> fons to be commissioners for such purposes, in and for the whole ‘ ed: if a fuss.* county, riding, (hire, stewart.y, city, borough, town, or place, can^othe. ^ *n l^e orc^er which they shall be selected to serve; and if in found quali- England shall appoint who and what number shall a6f for each bed, the defi- divilion of any county or riding, and for each city, borough, ciency maybe town, or place therein, for which commissioners are or shall be from The lifts feParately named asaforesaid; and if the persons present at the of the adjoin- fnid meeting, or the said barons respectively, shall not find in any ing counties, lifts sufficient numbers of persons qualisle. to be commissioners, of*co^m"  such  number from the lifts of any adjoining or

iffiffionersln neighbouring division or divisions of the fame county, riding, or any one dif- place, or from the county at large adjoining to any city, borough, tri&nottoex- or town, being a county of itself, if in Engla?id> and if in Scotland^ be^pThan01 *"rorn l^e  any  adjoining or neighbouring shire, stewart.y,

two^ and their or P^ace’ as may necessary; and such persons shall be declared Barnes to be to be fo appointed commissioners as aforesaid in the order in which they shall be fele£ted and fet down in writing by the said persons and barons respec.tivelv, or the majority of them there present, and they shall be commis.ioners for the purposes of this act in the order in which they shall be fo appointed: provided always, That the number of commissioners to be be appointed to a£! together in any one division, or in any city, borough, town, or place in England, or anyone shire, stewart.y, or place in Scotland\ shall not exceed the number of five, or be less than two; and the names of the persons fo to be appointed shall from time to time be returned to the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes at their office.

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enaeste., That nothing herein contained (hall be construed to restrain the said commis.ioners, or any of them, from adding as commis.ioners in any other part of the county, riding, or place, for which they are appointed.

XIII. And

returned to the tax office,

Commission.ers not re-itrained from acting in any other part of the county, Sic-

1798.] Anno regni tricelimo nono Georgit III. c. 13.  61

XIII.  And be it sarthe. enacted, That any persons qualisle. Qualisle. per-as by this aft is required, may at any time after such lifts shall thdr^ames76 be returned, cause their names to be inferred in such lifts, by giv- inserted in the ing notice thereof to the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes, lifts returned,

XIV.  And be it further enacted, That the several clerks oftic^to^th^tax assize (hall, as soon as conveniently may be after the pasting of 0jfgce#

this aft, transmit to the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes, true TJie cjerj,g 0p and perse.t copies of the several pannels of persons returned within assize shall re-the period before-mentioned, to serve as jurors as aforesaid, within turn to the tax the several and respective counties, ridings, cities, towns, and places in England, who are empowered by this aft to select and panels1; and^ appoint commis.ioners under this aft; and the proper officers jn Scotland in Scotland shall, in like manner, return to the said barons lifts lifts of jurors of persons who (hall have been summoned to serve as jurors in ^ned^o^ihe Scotland, within the like period; which lifts, together with barons• these lifts of persons qualisle. to aft as commis.ioners under this aft, lifts, andthose.the said commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes (hall transmit to of the perlons the said (heris.s, with directions to them to summon, within the qualisle. for time herein-before limited, the respective persons who are em- er^the tax” powered as aforesaid to select and nominate commis.ioners at such office (hall places as such sheris.s (ball resp.st.veJy name; which summons transmit to the shall respectively be by publiclc adyer.isements, signed by such sheris.s or their deputies, and inserted in some newspapers usually ^ gi-andju^ circulated in the respective counties, ridings, (hires, stewart.ies, r0rs, &c. by and places aforesaid, four days at lead before the day to be publickadyer.named for the meeting of such persons for the purposes before tifement, with

•  .  °  r  r  four ^  g no_

mentioned.  tice  J

XV.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, within Jn L]nco)n.

the county of Lincoln, lifts of persons qualisle. to aft as commis. fbjre bits shaft.

fioners for the purposes of this aft (hall be returned by the re- be returned

fpest.ve commis.ioners acting for the several hundreds and fubdi- commis.

visions.within the several divisions of Lindfey, Holland, and Kef- (jone,rs *or th<;

. , .  ,  r  .  ,  ,  .  J.  J  hundreds and

tevetij within the laid county; and that leparate commis.ioners subdivisions in

shall.be chosen to aft within those respective hundreds and fub- Lindfey, See.

divisions, in like manner as herein-before directed to be done, and feparace

within the several divisions of the other counties herein-men- com™ftbOIV-,  ers be  chole.

tloned-  .  for such hun.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That the said persons who dreds, See. (hall have served, or have been returned to serve on the grand The said inquest as aforesaid, in England, and the barons of the exchequer grand jurors, in Scotland, (hall appoint three persons, qualisle. as herein dires.- ^c.* aP* ed, to aft as commis.ioners of appeal for each county at large, persons quali-riding, (hire, or stewart.y in Great Britain, and also three other bed as direit-person. at the least, if fo many can be found qualisle., in like ed in f. 25 to manner to supply vacane.es as herein is mentioned ; and the l?e comrr*ju names of such persons (hall be returned to the commis.ioners for p^Un eadf* the assai.s of taxes at their office, who (hall give notice of fqch county, and appointment to such commis.ioners of appeal, who (hall forth- three'more to with appoint a time and place for their firs.: meeting, for the *upply vacti.i-purpose.of hearing and determining appeals to be made by virtue names (hall be

of returnedtothe

 CjOO^Ic

62 Anno regni tricesimo riono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

tax office, who cf this a (St, which shall be ten days at least before the first instal.ilc^ti^ce1 of^heh- ment  t^ie duty granted by virtue of this abt shall become

appointment; on which i'uch commis.ioners ill all appoint theirs.rll meeting

payable ; and such meeting or meetings shall be held from time to time, with or without adjournment, fo long as any such appeal shall be depending; and the said commis.ioners of appeal, shall alio, ten days at the least before any subsequent inst.iment

for hearing °* rates hereby granted shall become payable, in cafe any ap-appeals at leal. peals shall be then depending, hold a meeting or meetings at

ten days before the hr ft initalment becomes due; and subsequent meetings, ten days before every inst.iment, if necelTkry,

such.time or times and place as shall be appointed by them, for hearing and determining such appeals ; and that such meetings shall from time to time be held, with or without adjournment, fo long as any such appeal shall be depending; and the laid com-misti.ners of appeal shall cause publick notice to be given of their said ftrft and subsequent meetings for the purpose of hearing and determining appeals in the manner herein direbled. and give notice thereof; such meetings to be held from time to time till all appeals are heard.

In London,the XVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That within and for the city of London, the mayor, aldermen, and common couneil, in common couneil.assembled, shall elecft fix persons, qualisle. as herein is required, three of whom at the least shall be aldermen, out of which number fo to be elected the listed.per ions; mayo. and aldermen shall choose three; and the governors and whom ihall be directors the bank of England shall choose two other persons; aldermen ;) and the directors of the united company of mereliant. of England from which tracting.to the East Indies, (hall choose one other person; the number the fub-governor, deputy-governor, and directors of the South Sea Sierme^ shall comPany> shall choose one other person ; and the governors and choose three; directors of the Royal Exchange insurance company, and the the bank ihall governors and directors of the London Insura.ce company, shall also choose each choose one other person, qualisle. as by this act is required ; fo ns ° tlfe East a n d t^le ^lree persons fo chosen by the mayor and aldermen.

mayor, aldermen, and common couneil.Ihall elect fix qua-

fons 5 the East India company, the South Sea company, and the Royal Exchange and London The three

together with the other persons respectively chosen as aforesaid, shall be commis.ioners for the purposes of this abt, within and for the said city of London; and the names of the persons fo chosen shall be returned to the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes.

insura.ce companies, each one ; to be commis.ioners for London.

XVIII. And be it further enabled. That within and for the commis.ioners said city of London, the commis.ioners for hearing and determin-

of appeal in London ft 1 all be chosen, one by the mayor and aldermen ; one by the bank, East India company, and South Sea company ; and one by the two insurance companies.

mg appeals shall be chosen as follows; videlicet, The said mayor and aldermen of the said city Ihall choose one person to be such commis.ioner ; the said governors and directors of the bank of England, the said directors of the united EaJI India company, and the said governors and directors of the South Sea company, shall choose one other person to be such commis.ioner; and the said respective governors and directors of the several insurance companies before-mentioned, shall choose a third person to be such commis.ioner; and the three persons fo chosen as lass aforesaid, shall be commis.ioners for hearing and determining appeals within and for the said city; and their names ihall be returned to the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes.

XIX. Provided

 VjOOQlC

I79^*l Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III.c. 13.  63

XIX.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within For    Middlesexand for the county of Middlesex, except the district of the Tower (^cept the Hamlets, calied.The Tower Division, the sheris. shall cause to be summoned such jurors only who shall have been returned from sheris. shall the hundred of OJfiilfion, in the said county, on the pannel of the sum.non such grand jury in the court of our lord the King, before the King 8r^nci jurors

o  j j  ^  ^  ^  o7  ^  o  oniv as arc?

himself.at Westminster, within the period before-mentioned. returned on

XX.  And be it further enabled. That within and for the the pannel at dist.i6t of the Tovjcr Hamlets, commonly calied.The Toiuer Weftmins.er Divijion, in the county of Middlesex, it shall be laws.l for tfe lieutenant of the tower of London, or deputy lieutenant, or ma- For the Tower jor thereof, to summon the justices of the peace adding in and p^^nt 6 for the said division at the time of pass.g this a6t, and who (hall Qf the" continue fo to a61 until they (ball be fo respectively summoned ; tower shall and such justices being fo summoned fball fele6l the several and summon the resp.6live commis.oners to a6l for such division under this acl

for any of the purposes herein-mentioned, in the fame manner peieLq Com-and with the fame powers as the grand inquest of any county is missioner. and hereby empowered to do, and also certain other persons to sup. affiants tothe ply vacane.es as they shall arise, in the manner before-mentioned, commffifone ■

* and also fo many other persons as they shall think necefiary, to for be affiants to the commercial commis.oners to be appointed division. under this a61; and the names of the persons fo chosen shall be [Scef 98. returned to the commis.oners for the assai.s of taxes.  I10>  ,

XXL And be it further enacted, That when and fo osten.as When acom-any one or more of the commis.oners for the purposes of this miff oner, or a61, or any of the commis.oners for hearing and determining ^^m^oner appeals under this a6l, named or appointed to a61 for any county, fliali die or deriding, (hire, fiewartry, or place in Great Britain, or any divi- dine to a<3, fion, city, borough, town, or place within the fame, shall die, the person or decline to a61 in the execution of the powers and truf s there-of, or having begun to a61 shall decline to a61 any further he ^ therein, then and in every such cafe the person or persons next in pointed in his order on such lifts shall be appointed the commis.oner or com- room; and .mishone.s, in the place of the commis.oner or commis.oners fo t^0^!an^c refusing or declining to a61, or dying; and the jurors who shall {ha^from0* from time to time serve on the grand inquest at the asize. or time to time fefions of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery, and the Fleet and add several and resp.6live.persons before-mentioned, in England, and w^mcs the barons of the exchequer in Scotland, shall resp.6live.y, astle 1 s* osten.as occasion shall require, fele61 and add new names to the persons before selected, who shall resp.6live.y in their order be a commis.oner or commis.oners for the purposes of this a61, or a commis.oner or commis.oners of appeals, as the cafe may require, as and when any such vacane. shall happen ; and when any such commis.oner appointed to a6t for any city, borough, town, or place shall die, or refuse or decline to a61 as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe, the place of the commis.oner fo dying, or refusing or declining to act, shall be filied.up in such manner, and by the fame persons, as die laid commis.oner was appointed.

XXII. And

64

Commim oners and com-mishone.s of appeals to take the'following

Anno regni tricefi mo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798-

XXII.  And be it further enacted. That every person to be appointed a commis.ioner for the purposes of this act, and every person appointed to hear and determine appeals, before he shall begin to abf therein (except in administering the oath hereinafter expres.'ed) {hall take the following oath; (that is to fav).

Oath,  c  T  A. B. do swear, That I will truly, faiths.lly, impartially,

JL and honestly, according to the best of mv {kill and knowledge, execute the several powers and authorities veiled in me by an act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of this afi]; and that I will exereis. the powers entrusted to me by the said.aiSt, in such manner only as shall appear to me necessary for the due execution of the fame ; and that I will judge and determine upon all matters and things which shall be brought before me under the said abt, without fayour, afteblion, or malice; and that I will not disclose any particular contained in any schedule of income, or any evidene. or answer given by any person who shall be examined or make affidavit respecting the fame, except in such cases.and to such persons only where it shall be necessary to disclose the fame for the purposes of this a6l, or in order to, or in the course of, a prosecution for perjury committed in such examination or affidavit.

So help me GOD.’

to be admini-stere. by any commis.ioner, and subscribed by the party fw earing, and their names returned to the tax office.

Penalty on a<sting.as a commis.ioner, without taking the oath, iool.

Qualification of commis.fioners for counties at large, Sec. ioyoool. personal estate, or thrice the value of the qualifie.tion required for a commis.ioner of land tax.

Which oath any one of the resp.flive commissioners appointed for the purposes of this a£I, or to hear and determine appeals under the fame, is hereby authorised to administer ; and which oath fo taken shall be subscribed by the party taking the fame; and the names of all persons fo subs.ribing shall, within one month afterwards, be transmitted to the office of the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes ; and if any person shall abt as a commis.ioner for the purposes of, this ab>, or as a commis.ioner for hearing and determining appeals, before he shall have taken the oath herein-mentioned, (except in administering the fame), he shall, for every such offence, fors.it and pay, the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by the said first: recited abt.

XXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no person shall be capable of abling as a commis.ioner for the purposes of this adi, within or for any county at large, riding, shire, ffewartry, city, borough, town, or place in Great Britain, who shall not be posses.’ed of a personal estate of the value of ten thousand pounds, or who shall not be seised or possessed of an estate of the like nature, and of thrice the value or more, as is or shall be required as the qualifie.tion of a commis.ioner to a & in the execution of an acl, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An a51 for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty in such county at large, riding, shire, stewart.y, city, borough,

town.

65

3798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

town, or place 5 or shall be the heir apparent of a person seised or poste.te. of an estate of the like nature, and of thrice the value, or more, of the estate of which a person ought to be seised or No pofl'este. in order to qualify Ins heir apparent to be a commis. fioner frail fioner to ad in the execution of the said ad; nor {hall any person be capable of be capable of acting as a commis.ioner for hearing and determin- being a coming appeals in pursuance of this ad, in any county, riding, (hire, or stewart.y, who (hall be a commis.ioner for the purposes of pp ‘ this ad; nor unless such person (hall in like manner be poste.led ^omndffion-of a personal estate of the value of twenty thoiisand.pounds, or ers of appeal be seised or poste.led of an estate of the like nature, and of twice to be twice the value, or more, as is required by this ad, for a commis.ioner for the purposes of this ad as aforesaid, or '{hall be heir apparent f0* coinmif-of some person who {hall in like manner be seised or possessed of fioners. a like estate as aforesaid, of twice the value, or more, of the estate of which a person ought to be seised or poste.led in order Quai;fication to qualify his heir apparent to be a commis.ioner for the purposes otcommis.ion-of this ad.  ‘  ers in cities

XXIV.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thatno per- (being coun-fon shall be capable of acting as a commis.ioner for the purposes peri0nal°° * of this ad, within or for any city, borough, town, or place, being estate, or respectively a county of itself, who {hall not be poste.te. of a three fist.s personal estate of the value of three thousand pounds, or be seised oP ^

or poste.led of an estate of the like nature and of three fist.s of county the value, as is required by this ad for a commis.ioner for the pur- at large; in poses of this ad, within a county at large; nor within any of the the inns of inns of court, inns of chaneery, or liberty of the rolls, who (hall court, See. not be poste.te. of a personal estate of the value of three thousand alf^?fi’cation pounds, or be seised or poste.te. of an estate of the like nature for a borough, and value as is required by this ad for a commis.ioner for the &c. purposes of this ad for any borough, town, or place; and that In such cities within and for any such city, town, or place, being a county of the magi-itself, the magistrates and justices of the said city, town, or place,  fbm

shall.be summoned, together with such jurors as aforesaid, to ad m0ned with" in the select.on and nomination of the respective commis.ioners the grand to be appointed under this ad.  jurors.

XXV.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Only one herein contained shall be construed to require more than one ^^c-tion third of any qualifie.tion, consisting of lands, tenements, or landT&c. hereditaments, to be situate within the respective county, riding, need be with-{hire, or stewart.y, for which any person shall be appointed to ad in the county, as a commis.ioner.

XXVI.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any per- Land and fon whose estate shall consist of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, personalty and also of personal estate, to any of the respective values herein- ^^thera^a before required, estimating in every such cafe one hundred pounds qualifie.tion: personal estate, and four pounds per annum of estate in lands, iool. person.tenements, or hereditaments, as equivalent to each other, mayahy.tobe ad as a commis.ioner for any of the purposes of this ad, as if e^tuvalent to^ such required value had wholly arisen from lands, tenements, or lQ^e[a^nuin

Vol, XLII.  F  here-

66

Penalty on a commissioner acting without being fo qualisle. 50I.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

hereditaments, or wholly from personal estate; any thing in this a£t contained to the contrary notwithhanding.

XXVII.  And be it further enabled, That if any commissioner for any of the purpoles of this a£t before or after mentioned, or any other person herein required to be seised or poste.se.t.of a qualifie.tion to acct in the execution of this a61, (hall acl therein, or in any of the powers therein contained and veiled in such commis.ioner, or other person as aforesaid, without being duly qualisle. as by this a£t is required, every such person shall fors.it and pay, fop every such offence, the sum of fist. pounds; to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by virtue of the said first recited a<5t.

XXVIII.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in cafe there (hall not be a sufficient number of commissioners for the pur-poses.of this a£t, for any city, borough, town, or place, for which by this adt such commissioners are particulari. to be appointed, capable of acting according to the qualifie.tion required by this adt, then in every such cafe any of the commissioners for the purposes of this a£I, appointed for the county at large within which such city, borough, town, or place shall be situate, or next adjoining thereto, may and they are hereby required to act as commissioners for the purposes of this adt, for such city, borough, town, or place.

XXIX.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if there shall not have been a grand inquest impannelied.within the period before-mentioned, in any city, town, or place, being a county of itself, it shall be laws.l for the sheris. of such city, town, or place, to summon the persons named in the commission of the peace for such city, town, or place, at the time of palling this adl, and who shall continue fo to adt until they shall be fo respectively summoned.and such magis.rates and justices, being fo summoned, shall select.: the several and respect.ive commissioners to adt for such city, town, or place, under this adt, for any of the purposes herein-mentioned, in the fame manner and with the fame powers as the grand inquest of such city, town, or place, if impannelied.

who Hi all then within the period before-mentioned, together with such persons select the

If there be not a sufficient number of commissioners duly qualisle. for any

commis.ioners for thee.ty,&c. county at large may a£t within such city, &c.

If no grand jury shall have been impannelied.in any city. See. within the time mentioned in f. 11. the sheris. may summon the acting just ices of the peace for such city, See

in the commission of the peace, might have done, and also commissioners certain other persons to supply vacane.es, as the fame (hall arise, or e amc. *n tjle manner before-mentioned, and also fo may other persons as they shall think necessary to be a Hi ft ants to the commercial commissioners to be appointed under this act, if any shall be appointed for such city, town, or place; and the names of the persons fo chosen shall be returned to the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if it shall appear to the persons assembled for the purpose of naming

If it shall appear that one fet of

commis.ioners commissioners of appeals as aforesaid for any county or riding of appeal  in England, that by reason of the extent of such county or

cannot per-  riding, or the relative situations of different parts thereof, one fet

form the duty  -

for the whole county or riding, two

of commissioners duties required of

of appeal cannot conveniently perform the Inch commissioners by this aft, it shall be

laws.l

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo none Georg 11 III. c. 13.  67

laws.l for such persons to name two or more sets of commissioners or more sets of appeal to ail for different parts of such county, or divisions °f jj^edVo such county or riding, deferibing, in an order to be made by a(g. for feveraj such persons for such purpose, for what part of such county or divisions; and riding, each of such sets of commissioners of appeal shall re-th.enacom-fpeilively ail; and in such cases.it shall be laws.l for any person ailing as a commissioner of appeal for one part of such county be a commis.or riding to ail as a commissioner for the purposes of this ail in fioner under any other part of such county or riding, in which he shall have this ail in no juris.iilion as a commis.ioner of appeal.

XXXI. And be it further enailed. That it shall be laws.l for

another divi-fion.

Commission.

the commissioners for the purposes of this ail, and also for the ers corJ„ commissioners appointed for hearing and determining appeals 'mishone.s under this ail, and they are hereby resp.ilively authorised and of appeal empowered, in any matter before them coneer.ing the execution of this ail, to examine any person or persons willing to be ^erRnis wil-examined in such matter, and to administer an 02th or solemn ling to be affirmation to such person or persons, according to the directions examined, and of this ail, and also to receive any affidavit or deposition in ^^eCeive writing upon oath or affirmation, which shall be made in such ancj dep0fi. manner as by the said first recited ail of the thirty-eighth year tions in writ-before-mentioned is required with resp.it to affidavits or depositions J*ng, in any taken under the authority of that ail, and also any affidavit orde- [h^ercbe*ore position in writing upon oath or affirmation, which shall be made Cerning°the in any parts beyond the seas, before any magistrate of the county, execution of territory, or place, where the person making such oath or this ait. affirmation (hall also reside, and which shall be certified and transmitted to the said resp.ilive commissioners under the hand and sea. of such magis.rate; provided that in every affidavit, Requisite. in deposition, or affirmation, there be expressed the addition of the party making the fame, and the particular place of his or her * abode, and the fame be entitled an affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, made in purs.an^ of this aft.

XXXII.  And be it further enailed, That if any person upon Perfons giv-

any such examination on oath or affirmation, or in any such  oa

affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly fJci^exami-give false evidene., or (hall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm nations, &c. any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such (hall be liable person fo offending, and being thereof duly conviiled, shall be t.° PenaI^ and is hereby declared to be subj.il and liable to such pains and tieso PerJuO* penalties as by any law now in being persons conviiled of wilful

and corrupt perjury are subj.il and liable to.

XXXIII.  And be it further enailed, That any indictment rndiffments,

or information for perjury committed in any sikh affidavit,  he

deposition, or affirmation, as aforesaid, whether the fame shall be county where taken or made within Great Britain or without, shall and may the affidavit, be laid, tried, and determined, In the county where such See. was affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, shall be exhibited to the exhibited, commissioners, in pursuance of this aft.

XXXIV.  And be it further enailed, That the several fur- Surveyors veyors and infpeilors, who are or (hall be appointed to put in mfpest.rs

F 2

to take the execution fgi^QWiug

68

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

execution this present a<ff, (hall, before they (hall respectively enter upon their office, take the following oath ; (that is to fay,)

4 T A. B, do swear, That in the execution of an a6f intituled, jL[bere fet forth the title of this a£l\ I will examine and revise all statements delivered within my dist.icf, and in furcharging the schedules of income, and in objefling to dedudlions made theres.om, I will a<5t according to the best of my information and knowledge; and that I will conduct myself therein without fayour, asse.tion, or malice; and that I will exereis. the powers entrusted to me by the said adt, in such manner only as (hall appear to me to be necessary for the due execution of the fame, or as I (hall be directed by the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, or any three or more of them; and that I will not disclose any particular contained in any statement or schedule of income, or any evidene. or answer given by any person who (hall be examined or make affidavit, depofirion, or affirmation, respecting the fame in pursuance of the said adt, except in such cases, and to such persons only, where it (hall be necessary to disclose the fame for the purposes of the said act, or in order to, or in the cours.of, a prosecution for perjury committed in such examination or affidavit.

So help me GOD/

XXXV.  And be it further enacte.. That every person to be commissioners appointed a clerk to the said respective commissioners (hall, to take the before he (hall enter upon his office, take the following oath ; following (that is to fay).

Oath.

4 TA, B. do swear, That I will not disclose any particular JL contained in any statement or schedule of income, or any evidene. dr answer given by any person who (hall be examined or make affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, respecting the fame, in pursuance of an adl, intituled, [here fet forth the title of this except in such cases, and to such persons only, where it (hall be necessary to disclose the fame for the purposes of the said adl, and as I (hall be directed fo to do by two at least of the commissioners adsing.for the division or place for which I have been appointed, or in order to, or in the cours.of, a prosecution for perjury committed in such affidavit, deposition, or affirmation.

So help me G O D.V

Powers, See. of 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. and all other ads relative to the duties under the management of the commissioners of taxes, extended to this ad;

XXXVI.  And be it further enabled, That the several commissioners who (hall be appointed for the purposes of this a£t, and also the several persons appointed, or to be appointed inspec.tors, surveyors, asse.lors, or collectors, to put in execution the said a£f, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war9 or the several afls relative to the duties under the management of the commis.ioners

for

1798.] Anno regnl tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  69

for the assai.s of taxes, or any of them, shall, and they are except where hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things^^3 ^ neceisar. for putting this ad in execution, with relation to the y rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner, as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the ads above-mentioned, or any of them, or any matters or things therein contained; and the rates and duties hereby granted shall and may be aseer.ained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such penalties, fors.itures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, directions, and provisions as the rates and afTeffments granted by the said ad, passed in the thirty-eighth year before-mentioned, and other the rates and duties now under the management of the com-missioner. for the assai.s of taxes, or any of them, are, or is, or may be aseer.ained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, (except as far as any of the said rules, methods, directions, and provisions are expressly varied by this ad); and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, fors.itures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in the said ad, or any ad of the fame session of parhame.t relating thereto, for the asse.ling, furcharging, mitigating, abating, vaeating, hearing, determining, or adjudging the assessments on the amount of the rates to be charged under the authority ofthesaid.d, or for advane.ng or paying the rates and duties charged thereby, either to the bank of England, or to the collect.rs appointed for that purpose, or for accounting for the fame, and also all the powers, authorities, rules, penalties, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any ad or ads relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the aifairs of taxes, (as far as the fame several powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, fors.itures, clauses, matters, and things, are respectively applie.ble to the rates and duties granted by this ad, and not expressly varied or otherwise provided for hereby), shall severally and respectively be in full force, and duly observed, practised, and put in execution throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the several purposes of this ad, as fully and esse.tually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, fors.itures, clauses, matters, and things, were particulari. repeated and re-enacted.in the body of this ad.  .  r

XXXVII.  And be it further enacted, That the commis.ion- eCrsTaing ers acting in the execution of the ads relative to the said present under the duties shall, at their first meeting to be held under this ad, as is present ads, herein-before directed, or any two of them present at such meet- at their ing, direct their precept or precepts to the aflefTors of the several [fee*f paris.ies and places within their respective divisions, requiring summon the them to appear before the said commissioners at such time and aflefTors to place as they shall appoint, not exceeding fourteen days after aPPfar within such precept, and shall, at such their appearance, issue to such i^Yhe aflefTors the instructions and directions duly filied.up and signed instructions hy two or more of them* and such warrants under the hands and and warrants

y 3  seals  delivered by

7°

the surveyors and inspec.tors under directions of the tax office.

[See i'. 49.] AfTelYors shall yearly give notice to ho upholders and persons occupying distine. apartments, to deliver within 14. days lifts signed by them, containing the name of every lodger, inmate, See., (except fer-vants and infants), resident in such house or apartment; and also lifts of persons redding abroad, infants, married women, See. entitled to income in the receipt of inch house.holder as trustee, and the names of hisco-trustees, if any ; and also of persons receiving income from property of which any householder is trustee ; which lifts such householder, See. shall make out accordingly; and also a statement of the sum he means to contribute (according to a form in schedule B.) as not kk

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

seals.of two or more of them, as the surveyors and infpees.ors shall have had delivered to them for that purpose, under the direction of the corn mi (Boners for the assai.s of taxes.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enacted, That the afTelTors of the duties under the management of the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes, for the year ending on the fist. day of April one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, (hall, within fourteen days after the date of the precept fo to be delivered to them as aforesaid, and the persons to be appointed aftefTors of any of the duties under the like management, after the fist. day of April . one thousand leven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, within fourteen days after the date of the precept which shall be iftued to them by the commissioners for the purposes of this a£t, in every year, during the term herein-mentioned, give notice to every householder within the limits of the places for which such alfess.rs shall fo adl, or leave the fame at his or her dwelling house ; and, where any dwelling house shall be let in different apartments, and occupied distine.ly by different families or persons, who shall either beseparately.and distine.ly charged to the duties on windows and lights, or where the landlord of iuch dwelling house shall by reason of the fame being fo let, be charged to the said duties, also give or leave the like notice to or for the occupier of each such dif-tindl apartment, to prepare and deliver, within forteen days next ensuing the day of serving such notice, a lift in writing, containing, to the best of his or her belief, the proper name of each and every lodger, inmate, and other perlon, (except seryan.s and infants not having any income chargeable by virtue of this act), resident in such dwelling house, or distine. apartment, and also a lift, containing the proper name of every person not resident in Great Britain, and of every infant, idiot, lunatick, and married woman, who shall have or be entitled to any income chargeable by virtue of this aeft, which shall be in the actual receipt of such householder or occupier, as trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or in any other character, either separately, or jointly with any other person or persons, and if jointly with any other person or persons, then the proper name of every such other person or persons; and also the name or names of every other person or persons for whom any householder or occupier shall hold any property as such trustee, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, the income whereof shall be in the actual receipt of such other person or persons ; and every such householder or occupier shall, after such notice fo given or left, make out such lifts, and sign the fame with his or her proper name, and shall also at the fame time make out and deliver a statement in writing, signed by him or her, of the sum which he or (he means to pay under this a£t, as his or her contribution (according to one of the forms marked (B.) hereunto annexed, and as the cafe may require), as being not less than the just rate or proportion of his or her annual income, estimated according to the provisions of this act, with which he or she ought to be charged by virtue thereof ^nd also a like state.

tnent

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  71

ment or account in writing, signed by. him or her, of the sum than the just which he or she proposes should be contributed for and on belial. of such other person or persons as aforesaid, for whom such un(jer householder or occupier is in the actual receipt of any income, a<5t; and also as being not less than the just rate and proportion of the annual a like lfate-income of such other person or persons chargeable by virtue °f to^e^ this ad; which lifts and statements, or such of them as the cafe contributed (hall require, according to the provisions of this a6t, every such by any person householder or occupier (hall deliver or cause to be delivered to whose income such afleflor or assessors within the space of fourteen days after ^der°&c' service of such notice; and if any such householder or occupier be in the (hall refuse or neglect.. to make out and sign such lifts or actual receipt statements, or either of them, as the cafe may require, and of such lifts* deliver the fame to the afleflor or afleflors within the time be-fore-mentioned, then such afleflor or assessors (hall return to the delivered to laid commissioners for executing this a61, the names of any such the assessors householders or occupiers making such desau.t as aforesaid, and within 14. shall also make out a lift, containing the names of all such householder lodgers, inmates, and others, (except seryan.s and infants not negie# to having any income as aforesaid., resident in the dwelling house deliver such of any such householder or occupier making such desau.t as lifts, &c. the aforesaid, and also of all persons for whom and on whose belial. such householder or occupier ought to make out and deliver such name and the lift and statement as aforesaid (if any such there be, within the names of all knowledge of such afleflor or assessors..  such as ought

XXXIX. And be it sarthe. enatfed, That the said afleflors £>

(hall, within seven days after any such lifts of lodgers, inmates, knowledge of and others, resident in any dwelling house or dist.n£l apartment, the said aflef-(hall be delivered to them as aforesaid, give or leave notice in fors. [See like manner as aforesaid, to or for every person fo returned to a^° them as such lodger or inmate, or other person resident as afore-said, to make out and deliver, within fourteen days after the day names Qf of serving such notice, the like lift in writing of the persons not lodgers, &c. residing in Great Britain, and of infants, idiots, lunaticks, and afleflors shall married women, who (hall have or be entitled to any income chargeable by virtue of this act, which (hall be in the receipt of turn firnjiar~ such lodger or inmate, or other person resp.£tively, or shall lifts: and on actually receive any income derived from property which such desau.t shall lodger or inmate shall hold as such trustee, guardian, tutor,  to  the

curator, or committee, and of the names of such other persons commjffi0n-(if any) as shall be joined with him or her as trustee, agent, or ers, and the receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or in any other names of such character, as is hereby required to be made out and delivered by householders; and every such lodger, inmate, or other person returned by aforesaid, (hall make out such lift, and deliver the fame signed them, in the as aforesaid, and (hall also make out and deliver such and the knowledge like statements of the sum he or (he means to contribute on his or her own account, and also propoles should be contributed for c or on belial. of any other person or persons as aforesaid, as are hereby required to be made out and delivered by householders; yvstich.lifts or statements, or such of them as the cafe (hall

f 4  require.

72

Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III* c* 13. [179$,

Require, according to the provisions of this a61 as last.mentioned, every such person (hall deliver to such asse.Tor or assessors, within the space of fourteen days after service of such notice ; and if any such person (hall negle£t or refuse to make out such lifts or statement., or either of them, as the cafe shall require, and deliver the fame to the asse.Tor or assessors within the time before

Anot to extend to persons exempted by their poverty from poor rates,

& c\

Income of married women shall be

mentioned, then such asse.Tor or assessors shall return to the commissioners the names of all such persons making such desau.t as last aforesaid, and shall also make out a lift containing the names of all persons of and for whom such person making such desau.t ought to make out and deliver such lifts and state.ments as aforesaid (if any such there be within the knowledge of such asse.Tor or asse.fors).  ,

XL. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing herein contained (hall be construed to require any notice to be delivered to, or any lift or statement to be returned by, any person residing in any tenement whereof all the inhabitants are, by reason of their poverty only, exempted from the abtual payment of the usual rates and taxes toward the chure. and poor.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That the income of any ilated by their married woman, living with her hulband, shall be dated and hush.nds; accounted for by her hush.nd at the time of delivering his own ma ^ W^e statement under this a61; provided that the commissioners shall examined as at ^^)er-ty to summon the wife, and examine her touching her to her fepa- separate property, under such rules and regulations as any party rate property, may by this a61 be examined.

If the cestui XLII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if

que trull is any other person, for whom such person as aforesaid shall a hi as

relict..tn6 tru^ee’ a&ent’ or reviver, shall be of full age, and shall relict.

Great Britain, *,n Great Britain at the time required for the return of such lift as

it shall be aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for such trustee, agent, or receiver,

lufficient for to return in such lift the proper name and place of residene. of

the tru tee such ot}ler perf0n without making any statement of the sum to to return ms ,  r  .  5  . . , r , p J .  ,  .  .  ,.n  r ,

be contributed or paid tor luch other perlon, which lilts of other

person. fo relict.nt as aforesaid shall be forthwith delivered to

the surveyor or infpeblor where such lift shall be delivered, for

the information of the commis.iohers for the assai.s of taxes.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enabled, That no

trust.e who shall have authorised the receipt of the income of any

trust.property, by or on the belial. of the person entitled thereto,,

and who shall permit such income to be received by the person.

or persons fo authorised to receive the fame, shall be deemed to

be in the a6tua! receipt of such income, but the person or

person. who shall really and bona fide receive the fame for his,

her, or their use or benefit under such authority, shall be deemed

to be in the ablual receipt thereof within the intent and meaning

of this abl; and that no person who, as banker, agent, or receiver,

shall.receive any income for the use of any person beneficially

entitled thereto, and resident in Great Britain, shall be deemed

to be in the acffual receipt of such income within the intent and

meaning of this abl*

XLIV, And

name and relldene., to be delivered to the surveyor, Sec.

INo trusse. who has authorised his cestui que trust to receive the income of trust property, nor any banker. See. of persons entitled to income shall be deemed to be in the abtual receipt of such income.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgxi IIL C-13.  73

XLIV. And be it further enact.ed, That the assessors appointed Afless.r (hall for the present year ending as aforesaid, (hall, within fourteen  tiie

days after the date of such fir A-mentioned precept as aforesaid, and chure. doors, the assessors to be appointed for any subsequent year after the fist. general noday of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (hall, tices to all within fourteen days after the date of such last.mentioned precept as aforesaid, in every year during the term herein mentioned, lifts and cause general notices to be affixed on the doors of the chure. or (tatements, chapel, and market house or crosi. (if any) of the city, town, which (hall be parish, or place, for which such assessors {hall adt, and it such ^'ice tcfall^ town or place shall not have a chure. or chapel, or market house fllehr.sidents, or cross, then on the chure. or chapel door of the next adjoining though the parish, requiring all persons residing in the fa id city, town, notice requir-parish, or place, who are by this a df required fo to do, to make our n^deiivertd and deliver to the respective assessors such lids and statements as to them, are hereby required; and such general notice shall, from the time when the fame shall be affixed as aforesaid, be deemed sufficient notice to all persons resident in such city, town, parish, or place, and the affixing the fame in manner before directed shall be deemed good service of such notice, notwithstanding such notices as are herein-before directed shall not actually have been left at the house of any householder, or at the place of residene. of any lodger or inmate, or other person resident within such parish or place ; and the said respective assessors shall cause the said notices from time to time to be replaced (if necessary. for the space of ten days before the time required for the delivery of such lifts and statements as aforesaid ; and every person wilfully Perfons defac-tearing, defacing, or obliterating any such notice fo affixed, during the said space of ten days, shall fors.it, for every such fors.it.not offence, a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered as more than any penalty may be recovered under the said first: recited adt, s°h or this adf.

XLV. And be it further enact.ed, That the said assessors (hall, Afless.rs shall from time to time, within three days after the respective times Jransmit.to herein-before limited for the delivery of the (aid lifts and state. tfte commitments, to them as aforesaid, (in cafe commissioners shall be then fioners' clerk, appointed for the purposes of this act, or otherwise within three the returns days after such appointment), tranimit.to the clerk to the said commissioners for the purposes of this adt, in the-division.or the names Gf place for which such assessors shall adt, all returns then before persons neg-made to the said assessors, and also all returns thereast.r made idling to

to them within three days after their receipt of the fame, to be ^urnsU<”^ laid before the said commissioners at their first meeting after their receiving the fame; and shall also, as soon as conveniently may be, transmit to the said clerk lifts of the names of all persons who shall have negleet.d to make any such returns as aforesaid, to be laid before the said commissioners at their first meeting after the receipt of such lifts respect.ively.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every asse.for shall Afless.rs shall personally appear before the said commissioners at their said first commis.ioners

meeting, at their plrft

74  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IIL c. 13. [1798.

meeting, and meeting, or such other meetings as such asse.lbr shall be ap-iffie^cftie^erP0*nte<^ t0 attencU and (hall make oath or solemn affirmation vice of notice ^e^ore them that the several notices required to be delivered to on all house. householders and occupiers, and also to lodgers and inmates, by holders, S:c. this aft, have been duly served in the manner required thereby and ot affixing Up0n al[ householders and occupiers, and upon all inmates and notice -"and lodgers, within the limits of the places for which such assessors (hall to the truth have been appointed, to the best of his knowledge; and that general of the ltate- notices to the esse.t mentioned in the said a61 have been duly affixed meats of lifts jn the manner required by this aft on such proper places within them'to the ^  town> or place, for which such afless.r (hall aft, as by

eommission. this a& is required ; and that the statements delivered by him to os’ clerks. the clerk to the said commissioners are all the statements which

Penalty on negleet.by af-felldr, in any particular, not exceeding 2 ol.

Comrniffion-ers may certify to the tax office the good conduit of the asse.lbr, and what reward they think due to him; which the tax office may direct the receiver general to pay.

Reward to Purveyors, to be Vegu-

have been returned to him in pursuance of this aft; and that the lift delivered by him contains the name of every person within the said limits having made desau.t, or whose name ought to be. returned according to the directions of this aft, within the knowledge <of such afTefTor; and every afless.r who (hall negleet.to appear before such commissioners, and make such oath or affirmation, or who shall not return any statement of income made to him, or shall wilfully omit to return the name or names of any person or persons who shall not have returned any statement or lift, or whose name ought to be ineluded.in any lift, as by this aft is required, shall fors.it for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the said first recited aft, or this aft.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any afTefTor shall, in the execution of his office under this aft, have conducted himielf to the satisfaction of the commissioners for the purposes of this aft, acting for the division or place where such afless.r shall be appointed, it shall be laws.l for the commissioners acting for such division or place, or the major part of them present at any meeting to be holden for that purpose, to grant to such a fife fTor a certifie.te of his good conduct in such office, and such commissioners are thereupon required to report, in and by such certifie.te, to the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, their opinion as to the sum which, in their judgement, will be a fuit-able reward to such afTefTor for his pains and labour in such office, regard being had, in estimating the value of such reward, to the extent arid population of the district within which such a fife (Tor shall have acted, and the number of persons chargeable with the rates and duties granted by this aft, and his diligene. in the execution of this aft; and it shall be laws.l for the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, upon such certifie.te and report, to grant such reward to such asse.lbr as to them shall seem fit, not exceeding the amount contained in such certifie.te and report, and to direct the receiver general of the said rates and duties to pay the fame to such afTefTor out of the monies in his hands arising from the said rates and duties.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no reward fnall be given to any surveyor or inspector employ.d.

iu

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13*  75

in the execution of this acct, for his service under the fame, unless.ated by cer-the commissioners for executing this a£l, or the commissioners tificate of the for hearing and determining appeals, {hall grant him a like cer-£°smmi lon' tificate of his good conduct in such his office, nor to any greater amount than the said commissioners granting such certifie.te {hall represent him to be entitled to.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That iflfcommis.the respective commilli.ners of the land tax and supply, and other the present duties before mentioned, shall omit to ilTue such pre- theasse.Tors cepts to the respec.tive assessors in manner before-mentioned, it [fees. 37.] the shall be laws.l for any justice of the peace of the county, riding, justices of .the {hire, stewart.y, or place, on complaint of such omission by any co^n^)> ^c* surveyor or insped.or, to summon such afTelTors before him, and  ^Wltk

upon their appearance to issue to them the like inst.uciions, di- their initr'uc-regions, and warrants, as the said commissioners are hereby au-tions, &c. thorifed to issue; and if any asse.for of the said duties shall neg- AfTelTors reject to appear before the said commissioners or justice, according *uhng to ap-to the directions of this a61, or to take upon himself the execu- ^he jiutices6 to tion of this a<ff, according to the directions thereof, every such fors.it not ex-afteiTor shall, for every such offence, fors.it any sum not exceed-ceeding 20I. ing twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may by the said fir ft recited aeft, or this a£f, be recovered.  Thecommis.

L. And be it further enabled, That the commissioners adsing.fioners shall, in and for each division (hall, within seven days after the time fFonl to fixed for the delivery of such lifts or statements, and fo from alphabetical time to time, cause an abftracs.of fo many of the fame as shall abftracts.in have been laid before them, containing the names of all persons books, of the ineluded.in such returns as being chargeable by virtue of this a£f, ^ec^itPb^ (arranged alphabetically), with their respective places of reft- tionpropolS* dene., and the sums proposed to be contributed, and also the &c. contained proportion which thole sums bear to the income assessed, to be in the lifts prepared and entered in a book or books to be provided and romtsPfr kept by them, to which book and books every inspector and  *  l~

surveyor.acting in the execution of this a.£t may have free access which’books at all seasonable times, and {hall, upon demand, be furnished by the inspectors the clerk to the said commissioners with copies thereof, or ex- '^ve ac“ trails from the fame, or such parts thereof as maybe nece^'ary be fonftlhed^ for the due execution of this a6t.  with copies,

LI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respec. &c. tive commissioners for the purposes of this a6t shall appoint The commis.meetings within their resp.<5tive diviiions, which shall be held fioners lhall not sooner than fourteen days nor later than twenty-one days aPPoint rnreu after such statements shall have been laid before them as afore- foch^tate^ said, for the taking the fame into consideration j and in cafe the ments into, said commissioners (hall be satisfied that all or any of the said consideration, statements have been made truly and without fraud, and fo as to° fPrta^ enable the commissioners to charge the several persons charge- aiTdr.am able as aforesaid within their respect.ive districts, or any of them, mentson such with the full duties with which they ought to be charged under statements as this aeft, or more, and in cafe no information shall be given to ihall be the said commissioners of the insufficiency thereof, as herein-after PndrnakTafl*

is felTtnents accordingly.

76

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 111.

such.statement, fug-gelling in writing that he hath reason to believe that the sum which would be chargeable on any person upon such statement,1 is less than the just rate or proportion of the income of such person, whereat he or (he ought to be charged by virtue of this a<5f, or that any person omitted in the abstract which (hall be prepared by the said commis.ioners, ought to be charged to the said rates, the said commissioners (hall, unless.

c. 13. [1798.

is mentioned, the said commis.ioners shall at such meeting, or as soon after as conveniently may be, but not Jater than seven days after such meeting, compute and aseer.ain, or cause to be computed and aseer.ained, the amount of the rates and duties to be imposed upon futh of the respect.ive persons chargeable by this a£t, within their respec.tive dist.icfts, whose statements shall be deemed satisfactory by such commissioners, and shall make an assessment upon each of those persons accordingly, co 1 muifhone.s  ^11.  ^n^  further enatsted, That in every instane. in

have received which the said commissioners shall not have received any statement no statement, of the income of any person chargeable by virtue of this a<5t, or or no satis.ac- [ball not have received any such statement, with which they shall or  or if any surveyor or insped.or for the said rates and

iiiall.pply ^ut’es shall apply to the laid commissioners for a revision of any for the revi-  - — - - -  I I "

fion of any statement, fuggeding its deficiency in writing, they shall l'fiue a pre-

partV charge- they, or many of them as are herein-after mentioned, after able, who shall having heard such reasons as the surveyor shall lay before them, accordingly, fee cause to disallow the applie.tion of such surveyor or inspector, direct a precept to such person, in the form marked (F.) in the schedule annexed to this adf; which precept being delivered to or left at the faft or usual place of abode of the person chargeable as aforesaid, shall be binding upon such person according to the exigene. of such precept; and every such person shall return or cause to be returned to the said commissioners, within the space of ten days after the date of such precept, a schedule of the particular of property from which the income chargeable under this act ought to be estimated, with the amount of deductions to be made theres.om under such of the heads contained in and according to the form marked (D.) in the schedule annexed to this a£t, as the cafe shall require.

LUI. And be it further enacted, That unless all the corn-mi dioner, except one, where less than five shall be present, or all except two commissioners where five shall be present, shall adjudge that there is just: cause to disallow the applie.tion of any surveyor or insped.or to revise any statement as aforesaid, it shall be laws.l for the said commilTioners, and they are hereby required in every such cafe, to disallow the fame, and thereupon to compute and aseer.ain, or cause to be computed and aseer.ained, rhe amount of the rates and duties which by this a6t ought to

within 10 days, return a ' schedule of 1 the particulars of 1 is income; (according to form I), in the ( icheel.ie.)

One commis.iioner of leis than five prelent, or two out of five, may disallow the applie.tion, &c. of any surveyor, S.C. and the com miilion.-cj s shall then make the af-fess.ent on the party’s

be imposed upon the person giving in such statement in respect thereof, and to make an assessment upon such person accordingly, owiMlattrnent subject. to such appeal from the determination of the said comas given in; missioner., by such surveyor or insped.r, as herein-after is mentioned*

(subject.to appeal under i/71.)

LIV. And

1798 ] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  77

LIV. And be it further enabled. That if any person whd shall Perfons may have delivered any lift, statement, or schedule, in pursuance  ^th^ir^fh^

this aft, (hall discover any error therein, it (hall be laws.l for such or statements person to deliver a new or additional lift, statement, or schedule, by delivering to the said commis.ioners, in order to rectify such error, and if a new lift, such new or additional lift* statement, or, schedule, (hall be fo pr^edfng00 delivered before any proceeding (hall be had to recover any (^d\\ be ^ct penalty for not delivering the fame, no proceedings (hall after- for any penal-wards be had for recovering any such penalty; and if any pro- tyincurred: ceeding shall have been actually had for recovering any such proceedbe penalty, it (hall be laws.l for the said commis.ioners, upon proof commeneed, being made to their satisfaction, that no fraud or evasion of this it may (on a£t was intended, to certify the fame under the hands of any two certifie.te of or more of them, and upon such certifie.te, on applie.tion in a  thTtno

summary.way to the court where the fame shall be commeneed, fraud was in-all proceedings for recovering such penalty (hall be stayed, either tended) be on payment of the costs of the proceedings then had, if any, or stayed by the without payment of such costs, as the said court (hall think fit f^^a^y a and adjudge.  ^  plie.tion.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enaeste., That if any A trustee trustee, agent, or other person hereby required to deliver any fhnll not be statement or schedule of any income, of which such trustee, liable to any agent, or other person (hall be in the actual receipt on belial. of penalty any other person or persons, shall deliver any statement or schedule which (hall be imperse.ft, declaring himself, herself, or themselyes.the commis.to be unable to give a more perse.t statement or schedule, with (loners are the reasons for such inability, such person shall not be liable to Satisfied that any penalty for not having delivered a statement or schedule, to deliver one according to the directions of this act, in cafe the said com- more persect; misti.ners (hall be satisfied that such person was, at the time of and if he de-the delivery of such statement or schedule, unable to deliver a b’ver as perse.t more perse.t statement or schedule, and in cafe such person (hall, jJei^aWe1^ ^ upon the fequilition of the said commis.ioners, deliver as perse.t from time to a statement. or schedule as such person (hall from time to time time, when be enabled to give.  required by

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when- ^oen^^ml * ever the time allowed by this act for delivering any statement or commis.ion-schedule.may not be sufficient for that purpose, by reason of the ers mayen-difficulty of aseer.aining the particulars or amount of any income large the or otherwise, it (hall be laws.l for the respective commis.ioners, time for de-on applie.tion to them for that purpose, to enlarge the time for ft^emenus delivering the fame; and that no person (hall be liable to any andfchedist.s, penalty for not having delivered such statement or schedule, to any time for delivery whereof such further time (hall be obtained, if the not beyond said commis.ioners (hall think fit fo to order, and in such cafe all jays before proceedings for recovery of any such penalty (hall be (laid, on a thefirs. instal.summary.applie.tion for that purpose to the court where such mentofthe proceeding (hall be commeneed.: provided always, That the said duty: commis.ioners (hall not enlarge the time for delivering such date- p^yfoulhshad.ment beyond forty days, or the time for delivering such schedule tor penalties beyond thirty days before the time when the first imhlment pf may be (laid

the in a funamary way.

7»

AfTeffments shall be made (after 14 days)by the commissioners on such schedule..

Anno regni tricesimo nono Ge6R$ii III. c. 13. [1798.

the duty chargeable in re{pe£t of the income to which such state.ment or schedule shall relate would be payable if the fame were duly charged with such duty upon a statement or schedule delivered within the time limited by this a

LVII. And be it further enacted. That the said commis.fioners (hall cause affclTments to be made and computed upon the amount of income contained in every such schedule respect.ively with which they (hall not be difiatisfied,. as soon after the expiration of fourteen days after such schedule {hall be returned as

wh’ch (ha'll be ^ey conveniently can, after calling upon the party to veris. the veris.ed on fame, upon oath or affirmation, if the said commissioners shall oath if re- think the fame necefiary, in which cafe such oath or affirmation quired: but if shall be final, and conelusive.; but if the said commissioners shall be returned anY instane. have received no such schedule in pursuance of or an unsatis. their precept, or if they shall not be satisfied therewith, and the factory one, party shall not on the requisition of the commissioners have veri-and resute. to fied such schedule in manner aforesaid, or if the insped.or or oath^or if the ^urveYor have rnade any sure.arge upon any such schedule, insped.r, &c. or objected to any deductions made thereupon, for the 'purpose.has made any of discharging the fame, or any part thereof, it shall be laws.l for sure.arge, the said commissioners, and they are hereby required, unless they, ftme°not^dif or m2LnY t^em as are herein-before mentioned, after having allowed by the heard such reasons as the surveyor shall lay before them, fee cause commis.ion- to disallow such sure.arge or discharge, in every such cafe, to ers; they shall summon the party mentioned in any such schedule, or in any ftimmon the puc[1 notice or certifie.te of sure.arge or discharge, before them able to attend t0 examined, and also any other person or persons whom they andbeexamin- shall think able to give information respecting the income of such ed (on three person, at a day and place to be fixed by the said commissioners, and^lfb^an ^ w^ich t^'iree days notice at the least shall be given to the per-other persons, ^on or persons to be summoned; and upon the appearance of such to give them ’ party fo to be charged before the said commissioners, or any two information, or more commissioners acting for the said division or place, or -mine them” uPon the appearance of any person or persons summoned to give evidene., to receive and take information, according to the powers vested in them by this adt, from the party or other persons fo summoned, and attending to give evidene. touching the particulars mentioned in any such schedule, or touching any other particulars omitted to be mentioned, or of which no schedule shall have been delivered, and which ought to have been mentioned in such schedule, or on such other points as they shall think necefiary to aseer.ain the rate and proportion with which such person ought to be charged ; provided that such party shall be at liberty, at any time before he or she shall be calied.upon to _  .  veris. his or her schedule on oath or solemn affirmation, as

59], and if the herein-after is mentioned, to amend such schedule in all such ersare satis.i- particulars wherein he or she shall. fee occasion ; and if the said ed with such commissioners shall not be dissatisfied with such amended fche-amended dule, then an afTeffment shall be made and the rates and duties mass the comPuted thereupon in the manner before directed, party accord*  LVIII#  And

mgly.

on all points necessary to aseer.ain the charge to be made; but the party (hall be at liberty to amend his schedule, before being required to veris. it on oath [fee f.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  79

LVIII, And be it sarthe. enacted, That every person who All the par-shall.appear before the said commissioners for the purposes of this aft, in pursuance of such summons as aforesaid, for the purpose ccpt t^e party of giving any testimony or evidene. touching or coneer.ing chargeable,or any rate or afTeftment made or any statement or schedule delivered his confiden-in pursuance of this aft, or vouching any doubt, question, or dif-ficulty which (hall arise relating thereto, (other than the party to evjdene. on be charged and mentioned in such schedule, or the clerk, agent, oath, or seryan. of, or other person confidentially entrusted or employ.d.in the assai.s of the said party), (hall, before he, she, or they (hall proceed to give such testimony or evidene., take an oath, or being one of the people calied.Quakers^ a solemn affirmation (which oath or affirmation any one or more of the said commis.fioners is and are hereby authorised and required to administer. that the testimony or evidene. to be given by him, her, or them,

(hall contain the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, in re-fpest.of the matter or question coneer.ing which such testimony or evidene. is to be given.

LIX, And be it further enacted, That where the party men- Where the tioned in such schedule, or the clerk, agent, or seryan. of the  Ids*"

party or other person confidentially entrusted or employ.d.as agen\ attends, aforesaid, (hall appear before the said commissioners for the pur- the firbstane.. pose of giving such testimony or evidene., then and in every such of their evi-cafe the substane. of the testimony or evidene. given by any such ^duce^foto last mentioned person or persons (hall be, and the said commis. writin^ and fioners are hereby required to cause the fame to be reduced into read tothem, writing, and to be read to the person or persons havirlg given and they (hall such testimony or evidene., before he, (he, or they (hall be calied.upon to veris. the fame according to the directions of this aft; thereof* but provided that in cafe he, (he, or they (hall, after such testimony they shall be or evidene. (hall be reduced into writing, and read over to him, firlt permitted her, or them, be satisfied with the substane. of the matter fo re-duced into writing, he, (he, or they (hall swear.r solemnly affirm JJfall no^ be1* to the truth of the substane. thereof, (which oath or affirmation compelied.to the said commissioners, or any one or more of them, is and are answer any hereby authorised to administer.: provided always, That any person who (hall appear to give any such testimony or evidene. j^remptori^r as last mentioned, (hall be permitted to alter or amend any part fo to do. of his or her testimony or evidene., if he or (he (hall think proper, before lie or (he (hall be calied.upon to veris. the fame: provided also, That no such last mentioned person (hall be compelied.to answer any question which may be put to him or her by the said commissioners for the purposes of this aft, or any other person or persons whomsoever, before the said commissioners in pursuance of this aft; but that every such last mentioned person may decline peremptorily to answer any question whenever he or (he (hall think proper, without (hewing or alied.ing any excuse for his or her fo doing.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be laws.l for the Surveyors, several surveyors and inspectors of the present duties placed under ^enVhe** the management of the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, and in ft ^

for may examine

So  Anno  regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

lilts of house. for any other persons who {hall be appointed to adt as surveyors.

holders, &c. and insped.ors in the execution of this adt, who shall respect.ively

de^the^adt1” ^ave ta^en oat^ before slate., fo as to bind him or them not

and amend the t0 disclose the particulars or evidene. as aforesaid, to inspect and

fame; and examine all lifts of householders, lodgers, and others, which

may also in- fha 11 be returned in pursuance of this adf, and to supply any

codes'of theC orni^ons which such surveyor or insped.or may discover therein ;

It ate merits ^ anc^ a^° to inspect and examine the several statements which shall.

returned; and have been delivered in pursuance of this adt; and to take such

may also ex- copies of, and extracts.from, the lame, as they shall think re-

amme and quisite; and further, That it {hall be laws.l for such surveyors lure.arce A •  g*  9  j

schedule. of ar,d insped.ors to inspect and examine any schedule of income

income re- returned to the said commissioners, before such time as the par-

turned to the ties respectively, or witnestes, {hall have been examined before

commis.ioner. the commissioners touching the truth thereof, and to fur-

ties charge- charge the fame according to the belt of their knowledge or in-

able are ex- formation, and to ohjedt to any deductions, or any part thereof,

amined there- for the purpose of disc.ar.ing the fame, which, in the judgement

ob^^toan^ ^  ^ surveyors or insped.ors, ought not to be contained in

improper3dJ- such schedule ; which sure.arge. and discharges respect.ively, the

du&ions said commissioners shall take into their consideration at the time

therein;which Gf such examination of the parties or witnesses ; provided that fhask.e not^ce *n writing shall have been given by such surveyors or in-considered.by sped.ors to the party to be charged, containing the particular the commis. article or articles mentioned in such schedule, to which such fur-iioners, on ex- veyor or insped.or shall object; and also it {hall be laws.l for the 11™*narmies° ^aic^ surveyors and insped.ors to inspect and examine any rate or but notice* a{TeAment which {ball be made under the authority of this adt, mutt be given and in cafe he or they {hall find, at any time before the said com-by the survey.mishone.s {hall have signed and allowed any afless.nents, any ch jmgefToft he error in the fame, or any of them, which in the judgement of the particular ob- fa^ surveyors and insped.ors {hall require amendment, it (hall be laws.l for the said commissioners, and they are hereby required, upon sufficient cause being {hewn to them, to amend the fame accordingly; and in cafe any error shall be discovered in any af-feflment after the fame {hall be allowed, it (hall be laws.l for the said surveyors or insped.ors, and he or they is or are hereby re-quired to certify the fame to the said respective commissioners, bvthe^om- w*10 ^ave Power t0 cause the fame to be amended, if in milfioners, in their judgement they deem an amendment requiiite: provided always, That notice (hall be given to the party of any amendment made in such assessment by reason of such sure.arge. or

je<tions to the 1 schedule : surveyors,

&c. may also infpefr the af-fc Aments previous to their

oi der to their being amended, and after

allowane. the discharges, in order that he may appeal from the fame; and the

afle Aments may also be amended on certifie.te from the fur

respect.ive commissioners for hearing and determining appeals {hall also have notice thereof, who are hereby respectively required, upon such notice, to appoint, from time to time, in manner herein-before directed, days for hearing all appeals made for vevors, &c.to any of the causes last.mentioned, in such manner and at such the commis. times, within the periods before limited, as shall be convenient; boners: no- provided also, That no appeal from any assessment to be made amendment by v>rtue this a<3} (hall retard the execution of this adt fo far or assessment.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  81

as relates to the levying the rates and duties contained in such be given aflefTment^ but that it (hall be laws.l for the respective officers to the party employ.d.in the collection of the respective rates or duties hereby  ^t0

imposed, to cause the fame to be levied in the mean time, and f10rters 0f ap_ until such appeals (hall be determined, as if no such appeals, peals, who had been made : provided always. That after the determination shall appoint of such appeals, the said respective commissioners for the pur- times for hear-poses.of this ad, (hall cause the afTefTments fo appealed against thereon^but to be amended according to such determination, and the subs.- no appeal quent payments to be adjusted thereby, fo that the full sums fet- (hall retard tied by the said commissioners for hearing and determining appeals, and no more, (hall be paid within the year.  which shall.be

re-amended where necessary by the commissioners, after such appeals are determined, fo that the proper rate (hall be paid within the year.

LXL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if upon Where the the determination of any such appeals, it (hall appear to the said payments commissioners that the payments already made upon any such assessment, or any part thereof, (hould be repaid, as being more for one year> than the full sum which the party assessed ought to pay within on a certi-the year, or that the party ought not to have been charged there- cate from the with under this ad, it (hall be laws.l for the-said.commissioners to rectify the assessments as the cases.(hall respectively require, the receiver * and thereupon to grant certifie.tes thereof, dating therein re- general (halt sped.vely the amount of the sums to be repaid; and upon therePaythe production of any such certifie.te to the receiver general of the  t0

county, riding, or place, where the fame (hall have been granted, ^ or to his deputy, if in England^ or to the receiver general of Scot-land, the said receiver general respectively (hall cause the amount guch purvev-contained in such certifie.te to be paid out of any monies in his ors> &c# may hands of the rates and duties hereby granted.  examine pa-

LXII. And be it further enacted. That it (hall be laws.l for rj(h rates,

the said respective surveyors and insped.rs, being sworn as afore-  j

said, to examine and insped.any parochial rates or afieflments, 1by authority

fo far as relates to the amount or rate at which any person may from three

be assessed therein ; and also any lift, or pannel of jurors, or per- commis.ion-

fons fit to serve on juries, in the custody of any publick officer^. o^ke

or officers; and also for any inlpedor or surveyor, having autho- mSy requ’jre

rity for that purpose under the hands of three or more of the from the pro-

commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes, to require from the pro- Per officer of

per officer having in his custody any accounts of a publick na- corPoratlons> r . .  .  &  .  .  J J  .  r  copies ot ac-

ture belonging to or kept by any corporation or company, a counts reja_

copy of such part or parts thereof as may relate to the income of tiveto the

any person or persons, or any member or members of such cor- income of

poration or company, who (hall have received any dividends 0r robbers re-•  *  j  j  *  ceiving divi-

interect.from the funds or (lock of such corporation or company, (lends from

or (hall be entitled to the fame.  their (lock.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That after such exami-After examination taken before the commissioners for the purposes of this nation of any ad as aforesaid, or in cafe any person appearing before the said ah[^Qr\m;afe commissioners (hall decline to answer any question put to him or Gf his non-her by the said commissioners, or being summoned (ball not ap- appearance ot pear before the said commissioners to be examined, it (hall be retufal to be1

Vol. XLII.  G  laws.l  examined, the

 VjjOO^ LC

82  Anno regni tricefima nono Georgii III. c. 13, [1798.

commilTion- laws.l for the said commissioners, and they are hereby required, tain^hisrates' accor(bng t0 the best °f their judgement, to sett.e and aseer.ain and make an *n w^at sums such person ought to be charged, and to make an afless.nent on afless.nent accordingly; and that when and as soon as the said him ; and fend commissioners shall have signed and allowed any assessments to fam^to^he C mac^e by v*rtue of this act, they shall cause copies of such af-collectors and fess.ents, signed by two or more of the said commissioners, to to the com- be made out and transmitted to the respective collectors, ap-mishone.s of pointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, in each parish or place Oialfwbbin t^e divisions of the said respective commissioners, and also warrants to another copy thereof to the commissioners for hearing and de-the collectors, termining appeals for the county or place where fuqh aflefl'ment who shall give (hall be made; and the said respective commissioners, for the pur-amoun^of the P°^es this ac^? shall issue out their warrants to the collectors as assessment to herein-after is required, according as the fame shall become pay-theparty able, at the expiration of seven days after flgning and allowing charged. the said asse.fiments, and the collectors, to whom a copy of such afless.nent shall be delivered, shall forthwith cause notice in writing of the amount of each person.s afless.nent to be given tp the person or persons respect.vely charged, or left at his or her last or usual place of residene. in the parish or place for which such aflefl'ment shall have been made, in pursuance of this aft. Perfons ag- JLXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per«-gneyed.by fons shall.think him, her, or themselyes.aggrieyed.by any rate or and fl^vevors ^stone.t to be made by virtue of this aft, or if in any cafe where dissatisfied a schedule shall have been delivered, and a subsequent examina-with the de- tion shall have taken place as herein-before directed, (except termination of where the party or parties to be charged shall have veris.ed his, fioners^on a her, or their schedule, or shall have answered on oath or affirma-schedule.deli- ti°n all such questions as shall have been demanded of him, her, vered, (except or them, by the said respective commis.ioners), any surveyor or where it is inspector shall be dissatisfied with the determination of the said oath^ma11 commissioners for the purposes of this aft, it shall be laws.l for appeal; the such surveyor or infpeCtor, within forty days after such afless.-surveyor, ment shall be made, and for such party or parties respectively, within40days within fourteen days after notice of any affiefs.ent made upon assessment him, her* Gr ^em> by virtue of this aft, shall have been given made, and the or left as aforesaid, but not afterwards, unless special cause be party within (hewn to the satisfaction of the commissioners of appeals as herein 14 days after \s mentioned, to appeal to the commissioners appointed to hear -t-toere- an(j determine appeals for the county, riding, (hire, flewartry, afterwards, or place where the matter of such appeal shall arise, giving ten unless on fpe- days notice thereof at the lead to the said commissioners; and cial cause the said last; mentioned commissioners may, on any such appeal ^r^iffion^ being entered, summon any person or persons, either on the part ers of appeal, of the party or parties a(Tefled, or any other person,or persons giving 10days whom the said commissioners shall judge able to give them in-uotice. formation respecting the particulars mentioned in such schedule. The said com* or on such other points as they shall think necessary for asce.-missioner. taining the due proportions which such party or parties af-the^ ar^H1011 ought to pay by virtue of this aft; and the said last men-charged, and  tioned

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  83

tioned commissioners are hereby authorised and required to hear witnesses; and determine all such appeals duly made within the time be- ^ ap!r" fore limited, and to make such amendment in the assessment of peai? may the party appealing or appealed against, either by inere.sing or amend the diminishing the sum assessed, as to the said commissioners shall, assessment. under all circumstane.s proved to them, appear just and equi-If the party table: provided always. That where the party assessed appeals assessed ap-from such assessment, or in cafe of an appeal by the surveyor or sue.Lyor t&c. inspector where the party appealed against shall not have deli- where no vered a schedule to the commissioners for the purposes of this schedule is aft, such party shall, ten days at lead previous to the hearing of delivered), he such appeal, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said last mentioned commissioners, or their clerk, having taken the oath the hearing, herein-before prese.ibed, a schedule of particulars, in writing, of deliver to the his, her, or their income, according to the form in the schedule commis.ion-to this aft annexed, marked (D.); and the said commissioners o^theirs.om shall not be at liberty to relieve from the said assessment, or to cierk a ^ ™ make any abatement therein, unless the party or parties assessed dule of his shall, at the time of hearing such appeal, veris. the schedule of income ; particulars delivered by him, her, or them, either on oath or af- afford . firmation taken before the said commissioners, or on affidavit ed\im ^nless.made and taken according to the directions of this aft, nor un- he veris. the less the party or parties assessed, or such agent, clerk, or seryan. schedule on of such party or parties assessed, as the said commissioners shall require to be examined, or some credible witness or witnesses on agentt shall ^ the belial. of such party or parties assessed, shall, to the satis.ac- answer all tion of the said commissioners, answer all such questions, and queilions produce such conveyances, instruments, writings, and docu- ashed, and ments, relative to the income of such party or parties assessed, as Stines the commissioners shall judge necessary to enable them to asce.- demanded by tain the true sum in which the said party or parties assessed the conamis.ought to charged.  fioners.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Though a any cafe where the party assessed shall have veris.ed the particu- party swear.o lars contained in his or her schedule of income upon oath, and where the surveyor or inspector shall nevertheless apprehend the may^nfde-determination made by the said commissioners to be contrary to daring hini-the true intent and meaning of this aft, or that they have dif- self.iffitisfied allowed any sure.arge, or allowed any deduction contrary to the with the corn-fame, and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such deter- dete^mfna-mination, it shall and maybe laws.l for such surveyor or in- tion, demand fpest.r to require the said commissioners to state specially and a cafe from sign the cafe upon which the question arose, together with their them, to be determination thereupon; which cafe the said commissioners, or cTmmission.the major part of them then present, are hereby required to state ers. of appeal, and sign accordingly, and to cause the fame to be by him trans. according to mitted to the commissioners of appeal, who are hereby required, whose.pi--with all- convenient speed, to return an answer to the cafe fo  lhall

transmitted, with their opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, sett.ed, according to which opinion fo certified, the assessment, which

G 2  shall.

84

In appeals on belial. of per-fons abroad, or prevented from attending by sick.nefs, &C. the commis.ion-ers may post.pone the hearing, or admit other proof of the schedule than the party's oath; and may stop the levying of the fam asse.fed. Perfons refilling or neg-le<5ting to make out and deliver lifts and state.ments re-

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 111. c. 13. [1798.

{hall have been the cause of such appeal, {hall be altered or confirmed.

LXVI. Provided always, arid be it further enabled, That if appeal shall be made by virtue of this aft on the belial. of any person or persons who shall be absent out of the realm, or be prevented by sickness or other sufficient cause from attending in person the hearing of such appeal, it shall be laws.l for the commissioners for hearing and determining such appeal to poflpone from time to time the hearing of such appeal, or to admit other proof of the schedule than the oath or affirmation of such party, if the said commissioners shall be satisfied of the truth of the rea-fon alied.ed for such delay or admission of other proof; and further, that it shall also be laws.l for the said commissioners to direct the levying of the sum fo afTefled to be stayed until the determination of the appeal postponed for any cause before mentioned.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person required in pursuance of this aft to make out and deliver any lift, statement, or schedule herein described, shall negleet.or refuse to make out and sign such lift, statement, and schedule, or either of them, as the cafe may require, and deliver or cause the fame to be delivered to the aftess.r or assessors within the time herein mentioned, he or she fo refuting or offending shall, for every

quired, to for- such desau.t or offence, fors.it a sum not exceeding the sum of

feu not ex- twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered eeeding aol. under the said ^ Qr this

Commission.  LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the commis.ioners

ers under this r .  .  ,  .  .  .  ’ .

a<5t shall be f°r hearing and determining appeals, in any county, riding, afTefled by the shire, stewart.y, or place, shall assess all and every the commis.commis.ioners fioners for the purposes of this aft, within the fame county,

or place; or within any city, town, or delivered by pl*ce being a county of itself, situate within such county, riding, commis.ion- shire, stewart.y or place; and whenever any lift or statement ers, shall be shall be delivered in pursuance of this aft by any such commis.th^commis.*° ^10ner f°r ^ie purposes thereof, or on his belial., or on his desau.t, fioners Qf ’ such lift or statement shall be forthwith transmitted to the com-missioner. for hearing and determining appeals for such county.

appeal, who

{hall a (ft in all riding, shire, stewart.y, or place, who shall have authority, and such respects -  *  —  --  *  *  *  *  ‘  -

as commis.iioners, do in others; certifie.tes of

are hereby required to assess and determine the sum which such

commis.ioner ought to contribute in pursuance of this aft; and

such.commissioners for hearing and determining appeals shall.

and may aft in all respects therein in the fame manner, and have

ments^hTll be anc^ u^e fame powers and authorities in all respects therein,

transmit.ed to as commissioners for the purposes of this aft can or may aft,

the commit- and have ana use, in cases.of other persons having any income,

fioners, to be chargeable by virtue of this aft: provided always, That the said.

returned^and cornm^oners f°r hearing and determining appeals (hall transmit,

theassessment.or caufc t0 be transmitted, a certifie.te of the assessment fo to

levied and be made to the commissioners for the purposes of this aft, in

collected, as in order that the amount thereof may be certified in the duplie.tes other cases.  Qf

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo no no Georgii III. c. 13.  85

of assessments to be made out and returned in pursuance of this a£t, and collected and levied accordingly.

LXIX. And be it further enacted. That if any commissioner If commis.for the purposes of this a£t shall think himself aggrieyed.by any loners or rate or assessment to be made by the said commissioners for hear- of^peall.hik ing and determining appeals by virtue of this adl, or if any com- themselyes.mishone. for hearing and determining appeals shall think himself aggrieyed.by aggrieyed.by the rate or assessment to be made by the said com- the aise.lment mishone.s for the purposes of this a<5t, it shall and may be law- JJ^ach^the™ ful for such respec.tive commissioner, within fourteen days after respectively, notice of any such assessment made upon him by virtue of this they may ap-a£l, to appeal to the commissioners for hearing and determining appeals to be appointed in and for some county, riding, {hire, or commTffioners stewart.y immediately adjoining the county, riding, shire, or Qf appeal for stewart.y, where such cause of appeal shall arise, at the election some.djoining of the party prese.ring such appeal; and it shall be laws.l for the county> said last.mentioned commissioners of appeal to hear and determine the matter fo referred to them, in the fame manner, in all respects, as if the cause of appeal had arisen in the county, riding, shire, or stewart.y for which they shall be fo appointed commis.fioners of appeal as aforesaid.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe Commisho.-any differene.s or disputes shall arise between the said commis. yote^on any fioners for the purposes of this a6t, or between the commissioners disputed point for hearing and determining appeals, respecting the rates or in cases.of in-asse.lments to be made by virtue of this a£t, in respec. of income come,mwhich arising from any property wherein any of the said respective ^sted.Vther" commissioners shall or may be coneer.ed or interected, or shall dires.ly, or as be trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, committee, or curator, to trustees; and any person fo coneer.ed or interested, the commissioner who shall if there be not be fo coneer.ed or interected, in such rate or assessment, or heste. Vo m-shall.be such trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, committee, mishone.s, the or curator, shall have no voie., but shall withdraw until it question may shall be determined by the reft of the commissioners, and if be determined there (hall not be two commissioners not interested as aforesaid, ^QnCeVgn^Vn then the matter in dispute shall be determined by commissioners adjoining divi-acting.in any adjoining division, or, where the cafe shall require (ion, &c. the fame, in any adjoining county, riding, (hire, or stewart.y.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the said commis.fioners shall disallow the applie.tion of any surveyor or insped.or Cafe difast.w* to proceed upon any sure.arge, or upon any representation or applie.tion of certifie.te of any erroneous assessment, it shall be laws.l for such a surveyor,&c. surveyor or infpe£tor, or any surveyor or insped.r to be appointed cdR)r*ma^UC~ in his stead, to appeal against the decision of such commissioners fort to^J re’ to the commissioners of appeal, and to require the judgement of commissioners the said commissioners of appeal whether there is sufficient rea- of appeal, and fon to proceed upon such sure.arge or representation ; and in cafe the said commissioners of appeal shall be of opinion that there is your.they a" sufficient reason to proceed upon such sure.arge or representation, (ball refer back they shall refer the matter back to the commissioners who origi- to thee.m-

e 2  nally  loners, to

86  Anno regni tricesimo.ono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798, '

as if they nally decided thereon, and such commissioners shall, according to ahowedsuch. t^e direction of such commissioners of appeal, proceed upon the applie.tion, applie.tion of such surveyor or inspec.or, in such manner as they would have done if they had originally decided in the fame manner as the said commissioners of appeal shall have thought fit to direct.

The firs.aflefT-  LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the first afTeffment

made fire.ne to mac*e ^Y virtue of this ad shall be made for one year, at year from  the respective rates before-mentioned, from the fist. day of April

April 5, 1799, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the fist. day to April 5, ofAprilone thousand eight hundred; and every subsequent asse.f-ever Hfu^ ment ^all macte.for one year, fro™ the fist. day of April yearly ; sequent year; and t^e Several sums assessed by any such afTeffment shall be pay-payable by fixable in fix instalments at the times following; videlicet, The fist. equal mstal. day Gf June, the fist. day of Augujl, the fist. day of Oftober, the ne^6^^^h  °f December,  the fist. day of February, and the fist. day

and to be^paid °f April yearly, by even and equal portions; the first of the said within ten instalments to be payable on the fist. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the payments shall be made within ten days from the day when the iapne shall be payable by virtue of this aft; and it shall be laws.l for the respective commissioners for the purposes of this aft to issue out and deliver to the collectors appointed to collect the duties on houses, windows, for levying the or lights, or any other the duties under the management of the fame; and all commissioners for the assai.s of taxes for the time being, their

days of each day of instal.ment.

Warrants to be ifilied.by commis.ioners

arrears to be debts of record to the King.

warrants for the speedy collecting and levying the said rates as? the fame shall become payable, by fix instalments, commencing in each year from the fist. day of Aprils yearly, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and that such part thereof as cannot befo levied and collected, shall be recoverable as a debt

upon record to the King’s majesty, his heirs and success.rs.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every householder and occupier as aforesaid shall be liable to be charged to the rate hereby granted, in the parish or place of his or her residene., at the time of the execution of this act, in giving general notice as herein required, in respect of the whole of his or her income chargeable by virtue of this act, although such person shall have property, or shall exereis. or carry on any prosession, office, em-Everylious.- ployment, trade, or vocation, or shall receive any pension or holder, &c. stipend, in any other parish or place, unless such person shall have ^to^he^'ate" anot^er place or places of ordinary residene. in some other parish on the whole or place? or parishes or places; and fnall give notice thereof in of his income, manner herein-after mentioned; and that every afTefTment made in his place of upon any person as a trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, the tfm^o/the curator5or committee, on the belial. of any other person or persons, general notice or uP°n any chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer, adsing.under this a (ft. as treasurer, auditor, or receiver, for the time being, of any cor-[See f. 44-h poration, company, fraternity, or society as aforesaid, on the belial. Cdes^IfeVhVre  corPorat*ori,  company, fraternity, or society, shall also be

[feeSthe next charged in the parish or place where such trustee, agent, receiver,

1.] everyafiefs. guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or such chamberlain, tfaent made on  treasurer,

 Go< [e

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c, 13.  87

treasurer, clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, shall reside at the time a trustee, or of the commencement of the execution of this a6t in each year, of a cor°ora^ unless notice of his or her ordinary refrdene. in some. other parish tion> ^\\ be or place shall be given as herein is directed; and all persons not chargedinthe being householders or occupiers as aforesaid, nor having a cer- place where tain place of residene., shall be charged at the place where they ^resute.• shall be resident at the time of the execution of this a61 as afore- all persons not said; and every such charge made in the parish or place of such being house.residene., at the time of the execution of this a6t as lafl afore- holders shall said, shall be valid and esse.tual, notwithstanding the subsequent J^eir place of removal of any such person from such parish or place, unless a no-' aauaj refu tice thereof shall be given to the afTefTors as herein-after dire6fed; dene.;andthe and if any person who ought to be charged by virtue of this a6t asse.lment shall, at the timeofhisor her aftefTment, beoutof the realm, such person shall be rated for the fame in such parish or place where landing their he or she was last ordinarily resident, or abiding within this realm, removal, un-if the fame shall be known, or otherwise, where he or she shall less on notice, have any property unless his or her agent or receiver shall be desirous of being aiielied in any other place, and mail give notice be rated at thereof in manner herein-after mentioned.  their last place

of residene. if known; or where their property is; unless on desire of their agent to be af-feste. elsewhere.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every person ordi- Perfons refid* narily residing in any other parish or place than the parish or place of his or her residene. at the time of service of notice to than^vhere him or her, or to the householder of the dwelling house where they receive such person did reside at the time of such service, or at the time notice, or re-of such general notice as aforesaid, and every person removing  foalT

from the parish or place where he or she did reside at the time nJtiCe 0f of such service, being respectively desirous not to be charged in their removal such parish or place, shall give notice thereof to the aflbffors of to an asse.lor: the said parish or place, or one of them; and if any person shall remove from the parish or place of his or her residene. without giving such notice, and with intent to evade the payment of the rates hereby granted, every such person shall fors.it and pay the sum of fist. pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the said firs.-recited a6t; and the removal shall not in such cafe asse.t the assessment to be made in the parish or place of such his or her last reside.e..

removing without notice with intent to evade the duties, shall incur the penalty of 50I. and the asse.f-ment shall re* main in force.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every person having two or more dwelling houses, and residing in different divisions of commis.ioners for the purposes of this a6t, shall, in each of such divisions, be required to deliver, in manner before direct.ed, a fiatement of the y/hole sum which he or she is willing to contribute, or a declaration in lieu thereof, declaring in what other place he or she is desirous of being charged; and such person may, at the time of delivering such ffatement or declaration, ele6t to pay the whole of the rate in either of such divisions, on giving notice in writing of such his or her intention to the resp.6tive assessors within the pa-rishe. or places where such dwelling houses are situate, or

c 4  may

Perfons residing in different divisions shall deliver a state.ment of their proposed contribution in each, or a declaration in what other place they are to be charged; and may elets. either to pay the whole in one divilion,

88  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III/c. 13* [1798.

or in propor- may elect to pay the fame by payments to be made in dif-botT^vIfions" ferent divisions, in such proportions as the party (hall in such if they neglect. notices express; provided that if in any such cafe no statement (hall to give a pro- be delivered, or a declaration in lieu thereof, nor any notice (hall per statement be given as before directed, at the time of the delivery of any * ^atement» ^en an<^  ever>7 such cafe, an assessment upon the whole

b/chargee.irf °f income of such person (hall be made in each division where each division, such dwelling houses are Situated; provided that any person who but relievable shall be over-rated by reason thereof (hall be relieve..theres.om, makn?6 such. uPon aPPea^i on proof before the respective commissioners, of the election. amount of such overe.arge upon such appellant, and upon his or her making an election where the rates which ought to be charged upon such person (hall be paid*

1{rafr>drf0n LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That parish IhalTbe ^ any Per^on or persons, having been assessed in any parish or again asse.ted place for his or her income, (hall be again assessed in any other inanother,the parish or place in respect of the fame income, in every such cafe commissioners the commissioners for the purpose of this adt, acting for the ffialTgrants.im Par*1^1 or pLce where such person or persons shall elect to pay Ids, her, or their contribution, or two of them at the lead:, shall, on any applie.tion for that purpose, grant a certifie.te of such assessment, signed by them, gratis; and upon proof of such aflelTment before the commissioners acting for such other parish or place, either by the production of such certifie.te, or in desau.t thereof by other evidene. to their satisfaction, the said last mentioned commissioners shall cause the assessment of

a certifie.te thereof, and the other asse.iment fh dl be vacated.

such.person or persons fo again assessed to be amended or vacated, as the cafe may require, fo that such person or persons (hall not be charged more than by this adt he, (he, or they ought to be charged.

Income (hall in all cases.be t ftimated according to the direct.ons of this adt and the schedule annexed, or according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the party.

Where income is diminished by any spec.-sick.cause, commissioners may allow an abatement.

LXX VK. rfnd in order that the ejlimates of annual income chargeable by virtue of this adt may be made according to known rules\ and with as much uniformity as the respective cases.will admits be it further enacted, That in all cases.the income chargeable by virtue of this adt shall be estimated according to the rules and directions prese.ibed by this adt, and the schedule hereunto annexed, as- far as the fame respectively are applie.ble to such income; and in all cases.where the fame are not applie.ble, then according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person whose duty it (hall be to estimate or compute such income, whether such estimate Shall be made by any person chargeable by virtue of this adt, on his or her own account, or on the account of any other, or as an officer in the execution of his duty, as prese.ibed by this act; but that it (hall not be laws.l, in computing such income, to make any other or greater deductions theres.om than such as are expressly enumerated in this adt, or in the schedule hereunto annexed, nor to make any deductions which by the schedule or the adt are directed not to be made.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person (hall prove, to the satisfaction of the respective commissioners before-mentioned, that his or her income chargeable

1798.3  Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  89

able by virtue of this act has been diminis.ied from any spec.sick.ficomearising.

cause.arising after the time when such income ought to be com-

puted according to this act, it (hall be laws.l for the said respect.ve &c/fliaii t>e

commis.ioners to make such abatement as to them (hall seem just estimated.

in respect of such diminution of income.  either accord-

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any income arising ing t(?the,

# 7  j  o  a£tu?il produce

from any prosession, office, penlion, stipend, employment, trade, ]n the preced-

or vocation, (ball be estimated either according to the actual pro- ing year, or

duce of the fame prosession, office, pension, stipend, employment, on the ave-

trade, or vocation, in the year immediately preceding such efti- Reproduce 7  .  5  rJ.  '  ci'  1  °  of three years

mate, or by an average of the produce or the three years imme- preceding, in

diately preceding, at the option of the party to be charged in the option of

respect.thereof, and subj.ci to diminution within the current the party fub-

year, in the manner, provided by the said recited act, every  ^*5™:

r \  J.  ? ri • r n/j r n i  .  J  HUt 1011 Within

such.year ending on the thirty-hrli day of December in each year, current

or at such time of the year as the accounts of such income have year. [See

been usually made up or completed for that year, or the fame Schedule A.

had been received.  15th cafe, j

LXXX. And be it further enabled, That where in any cafe wher.e in~

,  r  r  r  5  ,  J  r • come is efo-

the income or any person or persons, or any part thereof, in mated on an

whatever manner arising, (hall be estimated upon any average of average of

years according to the directions of this act, such person or per- years, no

fons ffiall not be entitled to any abatement or allowane. in the ^a1^Tier?1t

r , r  J,  r c  • * • 1 in all be alloy.-

current or any lublequent year, by reason or any variation in the ecj t^e

amount of the income fo arising, nor for any spec.sick.cause, other current year,

than, in such cases.where such person or persons lhall cease to be except where

poste.se.t.of the property, office, pension, or stipend, or ffiall cease tobe^^

to be engaged in the prosession, trade, or employment, from podded of

which such income, or part of income, ffiall have arise..  the property,

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it ffiall not be law- or to be en-

ful for any persons engaged in any trade or manus.cture, in filling

up the statement or schedule of the particulars of their income, whence his

or onotherwise.computing, in purs.anceof this act, their income income arise..

arising.from such trade or manus.cture, to make any deductions No deduction

theres.om on account of any sums employ.d. or intended to be ffiall be made

employ.d.in improyemen.s or as capital, or on account of interest frorn tne

for the capital by them employ.d.therein, unless for interect, which lt”^ers °<Sx

they are bound to pay to other persons for the fame; nor for any for sum.s

sum.expended by them in the course of any one year (in which the employ.d.in

estimate.of average thereof (hall be taken) for repairs of premises improve-

occupied for the purpose of such trade or maufa-Cture, or for the sup.  or  as

. r . r.r. /--i  r  1  r  capital, or as

ply, or repairs, or aiteration. of any implements, or untenhis, or ar- interest of

tides employ.d.for the purpose ofsuch.trade or manus.cture, beyond capital, (tx-

the amount of the sum usually expended for such purposes, ac- cePt where

cording to an average of three years preceding the year to which

such.computation ffiall relate; nor ffiall it be laws.l for any per- nor for repairs,

fon engaged in trade or manus.cture, and having property not implements,

employ.d.as capital therein, to make any deduction from the &c* beyond

income arising from the property not employ.d.as capital, by^^^fico^

reason.of any diminution of the capital fo employ.d. during the preceding

period for which such computation ffiall be made.  years, nor

from property not employ.d.as capital by reason of anv diminution of capital.

LXXXII. Pro-

90  Anno  regni  tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

Partner may LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That

be jointly anv persons engaged in any trade or manus.cture, or in any ad-eharged in  J r  J  n  .  ,  7  lX.7.  ..

resp.dt of their venture or coneer., in partnerihip together, may be jointly

joint incomes, charged to the Paid rates and duties, in respect of their joint income arising from such trade or manus.cture, or such adventure or coneer., under the firm or description of their Paid business, and that the return of any one of the Paid partners, on belial. of himself and the others for that purpose, (hall be sufficient authority for the said commis.ioners to charge such partners jointly in respect of their income arising from such trade or manus.cture, or such adventure or coneer., but nevertheless wholly dist.ncSf from any charge which may be made upon such persons, or any of them, in respect of any other income belonging to them, or any of them.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if amongst any persons engaged in trade or manus.cture, in partnerihip together, any change shall take place in any partnerihip, either by death or dissolution of partnership, as to all or any of the partners, or by admitting any other partner therein, within the period when the computation of income ought to be made under this act, or

and the return of one partner (hall be sufficient ; such charge shall be clif-tine. from that on their fepa-rate incomes.

In cafe of changes in partnership, the charges on the partnership, and on the part-

diminution is shewn to the commis.ion-ers.

or^o^lng i°nUt ^e^ore t’me  the  afiefs.ent under this act, or if

shall.remain 3 any person shall have succeeded to any trade or manus.cture, or the fame; un* any adventure or coneer., within such respective periods as cause fo6^0^ aforesaid, it shall be laws.l for the said respective commis.ioners, cau e or anc] tjiey^ ancj a]fQ party or parties interected, and every officer acting in the execution of this act, ihall compute and aseer.ain the income of such partnerihip, or any of such partners, or any person succeeding to such trade or manus.cture, or adventure or coneer., according to the income derived during the respective periods before-mentioned, notwithfianding such change therein or succession to such business as aforesaid, unless such partners or partner, or such person succeeding to such business as aforesaid, shall prove, to the satisfaction of the said respective commis.ioners, that the income of such person or persons hath falien.short, or will fall short, for some spec.sick.cause to be alied.ed to them, since such change^ or succession took place, or by reason thereof.

LXXXIV. And be it further enated, That in all cases.in which the title to any income Ihall be uneer.ain, either by reason of any contingene. to which the fame may be subject, or by reason of any dispute coneer.ing the fame, or for any other

Where the title to

inco ne is uneer.ain, or in diipute, the

actual receiver cause, then such income shall be chargeable under this a<5f fepa* ratelv, according to the amount thereof, and the person or persons (if any) who shall be in the receipt of such income, whether on his or her own account, or on the belial. of any other person or persons, shall deliver a statement thereof accordingly, and shall pay the sums chargeable in resp.<51 thereof out of such income; and in cafe such income shall be under the controll. or direction of any court of equity, or other court, in any fuit de-

nial! give a ifatement thereof, and pay the duty thereon; and courts of equity may give tiie proper directions, on applie.tion of truf-tees, as to

pending, or otherwise, such court (hall give the necessary directions for aseer.aining the amount of such income, and payment

of

1798.] Anno regnl Ticefitno nono Georgii III. c. 13.  91

of the duty chargeable thereon, upon applie.tion in a summary property way of any trustee or trustees, or any perlon or persons inter-^ connoul^ died therein, or any agent or receiver intruded with the receipt thereof, or of any surveyor or inlpedtor acting in the execution of this adl.

LXXXV. And be it further enact.ed, That all income be-Income of inlonging to any infant, or other person or persons, which (hall be under the direct.ion or controll. of any court of equity or other ot- C0Urtsof court, in any fuit depending or otherwise, (hall be charged and equity, &c. assessed, under the direct.ionof such court, in all cases.in which shall be a fief-such.income cannot be otherwise charged and assessed under this and the adi; and such court shall give all necessary directions for such thereon under purpose, and for payment of the duties which shall be fo charged the direction and assessed, in the fame manner as is herein-before directed with of such court, respect to income under the controll. of any court, the title whereto shall be uneer.ain.

LXXXV1. And be it further enacted, That all proceedings Proceedings in any court, for the purpose of charging any such income as in such cales aforesaid, and obtaining payment of the duties chargeable there- kj~flteeo^ on, shall be free of stamp duties, and all fees and charges attend- 1 ing the fame, except for writing,

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Revenues of bodies politick or corporate, companies, fraternities, or societies of persons, whether corporate or not corporate, shall be entitled ^aye to unto any annual income to the respective amounts before spec.- charitable fied, (other than and besides any income applie.ble to charit- purposes, shall able purposes), such annual income (not applie.ble to charit-able purposes only) shall be chargeable with such and the like jncomes# rates as any other annual income of the fame amount will, under and by virtue of this adt, be chargeable with.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it furtherenacted, That No corpora-no such bodies politick or corporate, companies, fraternities, or fo- chargeable cieties aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable, in respect of any respect of income* which, according to the rules or regulations of such income appli-corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, shall be appli- cable t0 cable to charitable purposes, or to the payment of any annual rtof^nor Uie" dividends or interest to arise and become payable to any indivi- dividends on"* dual members of such corporations or publick companies, or to which are paid any other persons or publick bodies, having any (hare, right, or to individual title of, in, or to any capital stock or other property belonging f^j^dW? : to such corporations or publick companies, nor in respect of dends ihallbe which any dividends or interest shall, according to such rules and chargeable in regulations, become payable; provided that such person or per-the hands of fons, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, to whom ^t]^thereto * such dividends or interest shall be payable, shall be charged and as they are v chargeable in respect thereof, according to the amounts thereof, payable, ex-and the rates before specified, as and when the fame shall be re- cept dividends ceived by them respectively, other than and except dividends and interest the property of persons not the subjects of his Majesty, rcfu^nt in and not resident in this kingdom, and that an account of the this kingdom; amount of such dividends and interest be delivered to such in- the amount of

sped.or wil,dl 1610

92  Annoregni tricesimo nonb GeorgiiTH. c. 13. [1798#

delivered to sped.or or surveyor as shall be authorised for that purpose under ^c^n^the°r* t^e ^anc^s t^iree or more of the commissioners for the assai.s of fame manner taxes> upon demand thereof, by the fame persons, and in the as statements fame manner, as the statements of the income of such cor-of income porations, companies, fraternities, and societies, are required to under this abe delivered. K  4

No corporate LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enafled, That no be^charC*e?for corPorate c*ty» borough, town, or place, (hall be liable to be income^appro- charged in respec.t of such portion of the income belonging to priated to the such corporation as shall be appropriated by any aft, statute, or bye law, towards defraying the expences incident to the civil government of such corporation, and that no body politick, corporate, or collegiate, (hall be liable to be charged in respect. of such part of its income which by virtue of any private statutes or charter, or of any will or other instrument of endowment belonging to or for the establish.en. or confirmation of the constitution of such body, politick, corporate, or collegiate, shall be appropriated to the maintainane., subsistence, or advane.ment of any matters, fellows, students, or members thereof; provided annuall and *n evel7 ca^e where such exemption shall be claimed, an the parties account thereof shall be made up in the usual form for each year benesited.shall during the term herein mentioned and allowed by the said com-

expences of its government, nor collegiate bodies, &c. for income applied to the maintenance of fellows, &c. but the accounts shall be made up

be charged.

The proper officer of corporations within a8 days of each general notice shall deliver to the insped.or, &c,

mittioners, and that the persons to whose use such income shall be applied, shall be chargeable in respect thereof, as in other cases.under this a£L

XC. And be it further ena£led, That the chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer acting as treasurer, auditor, or receiver for the time being, of every such corporation, company, fraternity, or society, shall, and he is hereby required, within twenty-eight days after the publication of such general notice as herein mentioned, in the parish or place wherein the office of such.

a statement of chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer, shall be situate, to

the annual income of such corporation, according to the form in schedule B. specifying what pjrt of such income is not chargeable ; such statements to be

make out and deliver to the infpe£tor or surveyor duly authorised as aforesaid,a statement of the annual income of such corporation, company, fraternity, or society, according to the form specified in the schedule to this a<5t annexed, marked (B.), and shall also specify in such statement how much and what proportion of such annual income is not chargeable by virtue of this aeft upon such corporation, company, fraternity, or society, and for what purposes the income, not chargeable as aforesaid, is or shall be applie.ble; and such inspectors or surveyors are hereby required to transmit such statement to the respective clerks to the commissioners for the purposes of this a£f, in the manner herein directed as to

transmit.edby statements of householders and others charged to the said rates

the infpets.or, &c. to the commissioners clerks. Trust.es and officers of corporations a lie fled, may retain the

by virtue of this a£h

XCI. And be it further enafled, That where any person, being trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, of or for any person or persons having any income which shall be chargeable by virtue of this aeft, or any chamber-lain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer of any corporation, company, fraternity, or society, having any such income as aforesaid, shall.

be

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. 13.  93

be assessed by virtue of this a£f, to contribute any sum or sums amount of in respect of such income, then and in every such cafe it shall be^ut!5s out. laws.l for every such person who shall be fo assessed, by and out comm^to of such annual income as shall come to his or her hands or hand their hands; as such trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or and (hall be curator as aforesaid, or as such chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer, to retain fo much and such part of such annual ^ents made income as shall from time to time be sufficient to pay such asse.f- under this ment; and every such trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or curator, chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer, shall be, and they are hereby respectively indemnisi.d against all and every person and persons, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies whatsoever, for all payments which they shall respective.v make out of such income, in pursuance and by virtue of this a61.

XCII. And be it further enabled. That if any person who Perfons frau* ought to be charged by virtue of this a£t shall, by changing or avoiding the having changed his or her place of residene., or by converting being charged or having converted his or her property, or any part thereof, under this or by fradulenti. releasing, assigning, or conveying, or having by change fraudulenti. released, assigned, or conveyed the fame, or any ir\fce ^ part thereof, or by making and delivering any such schedule or abode, or account as aforesaid which shall be false; or having any property converting yielding an income, shall fraudulenti. convert, or shall have their property, fraudulenti. converted the fame, or any part thereof, by altering f fa\V^rins or having altered any security with relation to such property, or account, or by fraudulenti. rendering or having rendered the fame, or any changing the part thereof, temporarily unproductive of such income, in order Securities of that such person may not be charged for the fame, or any part and rendering* thereof, or by any falsehood, fraud, covin, art, or contrivane. tjie fame whatsoever, already used or praClifed, or to be used or praCfifed, unproductive, shall not be charged and assessed according to the true intent and or hy any meaning of this act, every such person shall, on proof thereof, Whatever CC before any two or more of the said respect.ve commissioners, be pract.fed or charged and assessed, for the purposes of this aO, double the to be pract.fed, amount of the charge which ought to have been made on such shall be person (if no such charge shall have been made); and if any such charge shall have been made which shall be less than the charge which ought to have been made on such person, then such person shall be assessed and charged, for the purposes of this act, over and above such former charge, double the amount of the differene. between the sum with which such person shall have been charged, and the sum with which he or (he ought to have been

charged.  .  Where an

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That where any rate or alTefTment is assessment shall have been made in pursuance of any statement made on a or schedule of income by any person or persons, without exami-nation on oath of such person or persons, before the said com- examination, mishone.s for the purposes of this adf, and the said commissioners of the party shall at any time, within fix months after such rate and assessment on oath, the made, receive information that such person or persons was or ^^^nere.se.

were tjie assessment.

94

at any time within fix months, on notice to the party, who may appeal as in other cases.

If in cafe of a tenant at rack rent it appears that the rules (in schedule A. nth cafe) do not apply, an afleflmtnt may be made (on applie.tion of a fur-veyor, or of the tenant) on his afrual prosi.s:

and in all

instan.GS of income from lands in Scotland let at a rack rent, the tenant’s income may be Hated and computed in that manner j and the commissioners may call to their afiUtance the information of occupiers and stir.eyors of

Anno regni tricesimo nono Geo.rgii III. c. 13. [1798.

were not thereby fully assessed according to the proportion of his, her, or their income, which ought to be contributed in pursuance of this a<5f, then and in every such cafe it (hall be laws.l for the said commissioners for the purposes of this a<51 to charge such person or persons such sum or sums of money as, together with the sum before alTefled, shall make up the full amount of the sum which he, she, or they ought to have contributed in pursuance of this a<5», and the said commissioners (hall cause notice to be given thereof to the person or persons who shall be fo charged, and appoint a day and time for him, her, or them, to appear and (hew cause why an assessment should not be made according to such charge; and in cafe the said charge shall (after the hearing of the party or parties, or in desau.t of his, her, or their appearing at the day and time appointed) be established, the said commissioners shall proceed to assess the fame upon the person or persons fo charged, and dire<S the manner and proportions in which the fame (hall be raised: provided always, That it (hall be laws.l for the person or persons who shall be fo charged to appeal again ft such last mentioned asse.fment in the fame manner as is herein directed in other cases.where an appeal is allowed.

XCIV. And be it further enabled, That if in any instane. of lands demised at rack rent it shall appear to the said respective commissioners, that either by reason of such lands having been let for any term of years more then seven years prior to the year in which such computation shall be made, or for any other spec.sick.cause to be alied.ed to and allowed by such com-misti.ners, the rules contained in the said schedule for estimating the income arising from such lands are not applie.ble, or will not give a fair and just estimate of the income of such person, it shall be laws.l for such commissioners, either on the applie.tion of the surveyor or insped.or, or of such tenant, to cause an afleflf-ment to be rr^ade upon such tenant in proportion to the adluaL gains and prosi.s received by such tenant within the year, or on an average of three years preceding which such computation shall be made, and at the respective rates before mentioned: provided always, That in every instane. of income arising from lands in Scotland, demised at rack rent as aforesaid, it shall be laws.l for such tenant, in making out his statement, to compute and aseer.ain, and the said respective commissioners, on the applie.tion of such tenant, shall compute and aseer.ain such income in proportion to the adUial gains and prosi.s which such tenant of lands in Scotland shall have aequi.ed within the year, or on an average of three years preceding which such computation shall be made; arid that when any inquiry into the income of any such tenant shall be to be made, the said respective commilli.ne.s may be at liberty to call to their asti.tance any two or more occupiers of lands in the fame, neighbourhood, or any surveyor of lands whom the laid respective commissioners (hall think able to give them asti.tance in estimating, computing, and aseer.aining the income of such tenant, and upon the result of such opinion, to

require

179S/J Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  95

require a schedule of particulars, and to pursue such rules and lands; and regulations for inquiring into and aseer.aining the income of ^^mercial such tenant, as they could or might have done upon the demand commissioners of any surveyor or inspector of the said rates and duties, or as may do with the commercial comrnifTioners to be appointed under this aft r®!£e<^ to may laws.lly do on the advice and assistane. of any persons to ^^arn^s? g be calied.in by them for that purpose as herein-after men-  *  9

tioned.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it {hall be laws.l for Perfons may any person or persons, at any time or times during the con- f^TbTbank tinuance of this aft, to pay, or cause to be paid, to the governor and receive * and company of the bank of England, or to their calli.er or certifie.tes, cafiiiers, any sum or sums of money, and to require a certifie.te which (hall be or certifie.tes acknowledging fqch payment; which certifie.tes b^the^ollec-shall.be received by the several receivers and collectors of the tors: but no said rates and duties as cash, and in discharge of fo much of the dise.unt shall said rates and duties as {hall be mentioned in such certifie.tes J?e allowed on respectively: provided always. That no dise.unt or allowane. whatever shall be allowed or paid on any sum or sums of money to be paid into the bank of England, in pursuance of this aft.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any person or persons residing in Great Britain, and engaged in any trade or ^ £ank and manus.cture therein, or the governor and company of the bank other tracting.of England, or any other tracting.body politick or corporate, corporations, company, fraternity, or society of persons, whether corporate H5 tC) or not corporate, in Great Britain, (hall be desirous of being comrriereTal1C alTefled by the commercial commissioners to be appointed as commissioners herein-after mentioned to the whole rates and duties granted [fee the next by this aft, or to fo much thereof as may arise from trade or  H^ee<V

manus.cture, and {hall signify in writing his, her, or their intention to be fo assessed, within the time herein limited for re- the fame to turning his, her, or their statement, to the a He fTo r or assessors aHeifors of the parish or place where any assessment upon such person or according to persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, \Yithmthe ought to be made according to the form marked (C.) hereunto time for annexed, it (hall be laws.l for such person or persons, by him, returning her, or themselyes, or his, her, or their agent or agents, and for their state.such.bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, ^ayYhen by their respective chamberlains, treasurers, casti.ers or other deliver luch officers having the receipt or audit of the income of such bodies, statement to' corporations, companies, fraternities, and societies respectively,the cummer-instead.of his, her, or their delivering a statement, as herein- mhlion^vs of before required, to the afleflbr or assessors for the parish or place the aistrict.where such asse.lrnent as aforesaid ought to be made, to deliver or their sworn the fame to the said commercial commissioners to be appointed fP’r” for any one of the districts in which such asse.Tment is hereby ^Yancb directed to be made, or to their clerk or other officer sworn trade in under the authority of this aft, who (hall be authorised by such which fu:h respective commissioners to receive the fame, and which state. Puties are meats (hall be respectively made in the forms in the said schedule enSaSe *

annexed

96  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798*

[Forthemode annexed as before directed, but nevertheless adding thereto, by theie^commff everyPer^on engaged in trade or commerce, the particular branch fioners and or ,oranches of trade or commerce in which such person (hall be theirassistants, engaged ; and the said several datements being fo delivered (hall fee f. no, &c. be as esse.tual for the purpose of aseer.aining the sum to be ^ecl*]  asse.Fed on such person or persons, bodies, corporations, com-

panies, fraternities or societies, as if the fame had been delivered to such asse.for or assessors in pursuance of this a£t as aforesaid.

XCVII. And be it further enabled. That the respective commercial commissioners to be appointed as herein-after directed dial], as soon after their respective appointments as conveniently may be, meet to receive, or appoint a proper person for receiving, all such datements, sealed up, as (hall be made to them by and have them or on the belial. of any person or persons engaged in trade or dasse. and re- manus.cture, and redding within the limits of their respect.ve proprbooks ^iftri&s, or from or on the belial. of any such body politick or am fix a time corporate, or company, fraternity, or society of persons within within 2i days the said limits, and (hall cause all such datements from time to for conn deying.time to be classed and regidered in books to be provided for that t*1 v. and nitm,-!-V*? and (hall also from time to time fix a day or days, not

The commer ctal commil-fioners (hall receive iuch datements (sealed.up)

may divide Puri

ing to the

provilions of this aft.

thems.dyes.in- sooner than twenty-one days from the day of receiving any such to committees datement, for taking the fame into consideration, and (hall from or three, and time to time meet for that purpose, and may divide themselyes.ties^charTe'ar" *nto committees9 each committee considing.of not less than aMe, accord- three commissioners at such their meetings, and afterwards proceed with all convenient dispate. to aseer.ain and determine the amount of the sums to which any person or persons, corporation, company, fraternity, or society, delivering such date-merits, ought to be charged by virtue of this a<ft, observing therein the rules, regulations, and directions of this a£t, as herein-after expres.ed.

The said com- XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That on the day or days mercial com- fixed for taking any such datements into consideration, or on any call^in^wtTo^ to Prev^ou^y named by them for that purpose, the said re-the assis.nts fpe<T,ve commercial commis.ioners (hall call to their assistane. any and enquire of such two or more persons herein-after directed to be appointed them their for that purpose, for the difirict of the said commissioners, who amount of ^ *n ^le °P*n*on  fa^ commissioners may be, of those fo ap-

the income of pointed, bed able to judge of the amount of the reputed income parties deli- of the person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fra-vering in such ternities, or societies, whose datements (hall be under confidera-t*on before t^ie  id  commissioners, and (hall enquire of such

doling the " persons their opinion of such amounts of reputed income, or fo datements to much thereof as may arise from trade or manus.cture, without suchas.idants; disclosing to them, or any or either of them, the amount con-

and if lucli tained in any datement of such person or persons, bodies, cor-

ahist.n.s Rate  .  J ■ c  • •  r  •  .*  .

the income porations, companies, fraternities, or iocieties, and ir any or

higher than either of such persons (hall, upon such enquiry, date the reputed

the parties income of such person or persons, bodies, corporations, com-

have done, panics, fraternities, or societies, at a sum or sums higher than and two thirds r ?  1  ° by

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. 0,13.  97

by referene. to the statement. delivered, the said commissioners of the com-shall.find the sums contained therein respectively to be, then, m'di°riers unless two thirds or a greater proportion of the said commis.ion- opinion that ers shall concur in opinion that such differene. of statement does such state.not furnish sufficient ground for further enquiry, it shall be law- meats furnish fui for the said commercial commissioners, and they are hereby  to-

required, to issue their precepts, requiring the person or persons, they rnay bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, de- require fche-livering such statement. respectively, to return schedules of their dules of the property from which such income may arise to the said commis.fioners, which schedules shall be made in the manner and in the fhHii pVJCeed form herein-before dire£led ; and the said commercial commis. to enquire in-fioners shall. after issuing such precepts, proceed to enquire into to their in. the income arising from the property hated in such schedule, or ma^^ifelo.e any other property belonging to such person or persons, bodies, schedules corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, and shall be to the ash.t-at liberty to disclose the particulars contained in such schedule to ants, and the assistants whom the said commissioners shall have calied.in as ^fon^on^1* aforesaid, and shall enquire from them, and shall also examine with any other person or persons relative thereto, whom they may like powers as think necessary (upon oath or solemn affirmation, except as to commissioners such assis.ants), in such manner and form and with the like iT1 other cases. powers as the commissioners for the purposes of this act are hereby authorised or enabled to do as before directed ; and all powers, directions, clauses, matters, and things, which are herein-before prese.ibed for the conduct and demeanour of the commissioners for the purposes of this act, except as herein-after is otherwise provided, shall be in full force, and shall be practised and applied by the respective commercial commissioners, as fully and esse.tually as if the fame powers, directions, clauses, matters, and things, had been fo express.y and particulari. applied : provided always, That the resp.ffitive persons to be examined before ^^ann'i *d the said commissioners shall be examined by them apart, and app^TncT that the evidene. which they or any of them shall give shall not their’evidene. be disclosed to any person or persons whatever, except to such not to be assistants as aforesaid, for the purpose of enabling them to form a disclosed but judgement of the actual income then under consideration as a 1 aforesaid.

XCIX. And be it further enabled, That after such inquiry After such made by the said commercial commissioners as aforesaid, or any enquiry, the three or more of them, it shall be laws.l for the said commis. conamfffironers fioners before whom such inquiry shall have been made, or the may proceed major part of them, and they are hereby required, according to to aseer.ain the best of their judgement, to sett.e and aseer.ain in what sums the ^ffieflment such person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, frater-eaJ^lties> nities, or societies, ought to be charged by virtue of this affix, and committee to make an asse.lfnent or assessments accordingly; and that when [fee f. 97]. and as soon as the amounts thereof shall be aseer.ained, the re- [kill e.nter fpest.ve commissioners of each such committee shall cause book to be fame to be entered in a book to be by them respectively and pri- kept privately vately kept, as herein-after mentioned, with the name or names, by them, Vol. XLII.  H  or  with the

-  

name of the party to be numbered or lettered pro-grefiively :

Inch afieif-ment to be final without appeal. After such entry, a duplie.te of a certifie.te lhall be delivered to the party under the hands of two commis.hone.s, Hating the amount of the afiefT-ment, and its corresponding number or letter.

or defeription of the person or persons, bodies, corporations* companies, fraternities, or societies to be charged therewith, fet opposite thereto, and which entries shall be respectively numbered progressively, or lettered or dilVinguiihed by numbers and letters, as the laid respective commercial commissioners (hall think proper ; and which afTeffments, fo made and entered, shall be final and conelusive.to all intents and purpoles whatever without appeal ; and that when and as soon as the said respect.ive commis.hone.s shall have caused to be made any such entry in such book, they shall deliver to the person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, charged by such afTeffments, or to some person or persons there attending on his, her, or their belial., a certifie.te or certifie.tes under the hands and seals of two or more of such commissioners, specifying the amount of the sums to be paid upon every such afl’effment respectively, to be respectively marked and numbered, or lettered, with the fame number or letter as the entry or entries in the private book of the said commissioners, to which such certifie.te or certifie.tes shall respectively relate, shall be marked and numbered or lettered, and which certifie.tes shall be cut off* indentwife from the counterparts thereof, which (hall also contain the like sums, and be marked and numbered or lettered in the fame manner as the

certifie.te or certifie.tes to be fo delivered as aforesaid, which certifie.tes marked and numbered or lettered as aforesaid, containing the amount of the said afTeffments as aforesaid, without naming or deferibing the person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, charged thereby, shall, on product.ion thereof, be a/ufficient authority to the governor and company of the bank of England, and to the respect.ive receivers general and their respective deputies in England, and to the receiver general in Scotland, from time to time, to receive from any person or persons bearing and producing such certifie.te or certifie.tes, the amount of the sums therein respectively contained, in such proportions thereof as by this ac\ are made payable by instalments, and at the times by this act appointed for payment thereof, in discharge and satis.aefion of the afleflfnent made by the said commissioners for the last mentioned purposes, and entered by them under the letter or number marked on such certifie.te, and upon the payment of such sums contained in any such ,  certifie.te, or any proportion thereof as aforesaid, to give certi-

ficates for the fame, acknowledging the receipt of the sum paid on account of the certifie.te of the said respect.ive commissioners, by the number or letter marked thereon as before directed.

If, in the _ C. And be it further enacted, That if in the course of any course of their jnqUjry before the said commercial commissioners, they shall commercial think it necessary to aseer.ain the income of any person or commissioners persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, shall think it who (hall have delivered to them any such ffatement or ffate-afberUirfthe ments as aforesaid, which income, or any part thereof, (hall arise income of the from anY property in Great Britain not engaged in trade or parties, any manus.cture, out of the limits of the city, tpwn, or place, or its

Vicinity,

1798.] Anno regni tricefirilo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  99

vicinity, for which they (hall adl, the commissioners for the af-part of which

fairs of taxes flial), on a certifie.te or certifie.tes thereof, trans. ihall arise.rom

mit such certifie.tes to the respec.ve commissioners for the pur- Q^^pritain

poses.of this adt, adhng for the division or place, or divisions or not in trade, *

places, where such property, or any part thereof, is or shall be out of the

situate, and the said last mentioned commissioners shall, on re- lindis of the

■ceipt of such certifie.tes, respectively enquire into the am°unt|uch^c^mmif-

of the income arifiog from such property within the limits of the fioners, the

division.or place where such lafl: mentioned commissioners adt, tax office

and in proceding therein it shall be laws.l for them to use and shall tran fin it

apply all the powers contained in this adl, in the fame manner

as if such person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, COmmilfion-

fraternities, or societies, were chargeable under this adt in such ers to the

division.or place; and the said commissioners having satisfied commis.ion-

themselve. of such income, shall, without allowing any deduc-e™ °^?n7r

77  •  '  otii cr g 1 v'lii on

tion to be made theres.om, (other than the special deductions to erqUirg 9

authorise. by this adt in respect of such property), transmit a into the certifie.te thereof, under the hands of any two or more of them, party's into the said commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, to be laid before  ’

the said commercial commissioners, to the end, that such person plaq accoy^ or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or fo- ingly do, and cieties, maybe justly charged upon the whole of his, her, or certify the their income, and such certifie.tes of the commissioners for  offre^to

purposes.of this adt shall be final and conelusive.as to the be laid before amount of income contained therein, all just deductions (other the cosimer-than the special deductions aforesaid. being first made theres.om cial commit by the commercial commissioners, in the fame manner as if such income had been aseer.ained by them in the first instane..  ap^s ‘the

party; such lafl mentioned certifie.te to be final and conelusive.as to the amount of income contained therein.

CI. And be it further enacted, That if any person, whose in- persons whose come shall be under enquiry before the commercial com miilion. income is ers, shall apply to them to aseer.ain, in manner before directed,imcler enquiry the amount of any income arising from property not subject to ^e°cialCcom-enquiry before such commercial commissioners, in order to have missioner., any allowane. made from the whole of his or her income, it may apply for shall be laws.l for them, and they are hereby required to deliver arK* obtaVt the proper certifie.te for that purpose, which certifie.te (hall be ^^s^rtlh‘ carried into esse.t in the manner before directed ; and the said order to have commercial commissioners, after having received the account of an allowane. such income, shall, in order to make any allowane.s to which on their whole such person may be entitled in respect of the whole of his or her income* income, add the fame to the amount of income aseer.ained by such commercial commissioners, and theres.om make such allowane.s accordingly.

CII. And-be it further enacted, That any income arising from Income from property in any of the Briti/h plantations in America, and im- Pr°perry in ported into Great Britain from thence, may be stated, proved,1 aseer.ained, and asse.fied to, before and by the respective com- raay be aseer.mercial commissioners acting for the respective places herein- tained by the after mentioned, videlicet, London, BriJtoly Liverpool, and Glaf- commercial

H 2

commijiion-gQVJ'i ers for Lon-



ioo  Anno  regnitricesimo. nono  Georgii  III.  c.  13.  [1798.

don, Rristol, gow^ in the fame manner as if such income had arisen from trade Liverpool, or or manus.cture carried on in such places respectively; and such Glafgow^ income (hall be assessed and charged by the commissioners acting b^the corn^ f°r  places  at  or  nearest  to  which such property

mi fli oners of  have been first imported into Great Britain.

either of those places nearest to which the property is first imported hither.

Income received in Great Britain arising from property of per ions in such plantations not imported here, may be also aseer.ained in like manner.

One committee of commercial com-misho.trs [fee f. 97 ] may assess the members of another committee, with power of appeal to all such commis.ion-ers ; but the parties inte-reste. shall have no vote.

f. 70*

Where such commis.ion-ers are not divided into committees, each commis.fioner shall be assessed by the others with appeal to the commercial com-missioner. for London,

The commercial commit* fioners for London and its vicinity [fee f. iio]*

CIII. And be it further enacted, That any income received in Great Britain, and arising from property of any person or per-fons in such plantations as a fore fa id, which shall not have been imported into Great Britain, may be stated, proved, aseer.ained, and assessed, in like manner as aforesaid, together with the income of the fame person or persons arising from such property which shall have been imported as aforesaid, in cafe any such income arising from property imported as aforesaid shall be stated to such commercial commissioners, in order to be assessed and charged under this adL

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in every place where the number of commercial commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid shall be sufficient to divide themselyes.into two or more committees as aforesaid, it shall be laws.l for the persons com-poflng any one such committee to assess and charge the persons composing any other such committee until each such commissioner shall be fully assessed and charged, with power of appeal to all the said commissioners; and that where such committees shall be formed, the said commissioners shall establish such regulations amongst themselyes.for aflesh.g and charging each other, as may mod este.hially secure a fair and impartial assessment upon every such commissioner, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, provided, that upon any such appeal the commissioner interested shall have no voie., but shall withdraw until the determination thereof, in the manner herein before directed with respect to commissioners for the purposes of this adL

CV. and be it further enabled, That where the said commissioners shall not be sufficient to divide themselyes.into committees as aforesaid, every such commissioner shall be assessed and charged by the other commissioner present, in which cafe the commissioners interested shall have no voie., but shall withdraw until the-determination thereof in manner before directed; provided that if any such commissioner shall think himself aggrieyed.by the determination of the other commissioners as aforesaid, it shall be laws.l for him to appeal to the commercial commissioner adsing.for the city of London, who shall hear and determine the fame, and assess and charge such appellant under the like powers, and subject to the like rules, as they might have assessed and charged such appellant in cafe he had, resided within the city of London, and had in the first instane. delivered to the said commercial commissioners his statement for that purpose.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the commercial commissioners acting within and for the city of London and its vicinity, comprehending the district herein-after described, shall, on or before the fist. day of June yearly, during, the term herein

mentioned.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  101

mentioned, or as soon after as can be conveniently done, trans. ft all, yearly, mit the counterparts of all such certifie.tes as shall have been if- before June 5, sued by them to the cashier of the governor and company of the bank of England., in order that all persons, bodies, corpo- t^nfmiAo6 * rations, companies, fraternities, and societies, aflsessed.by the said the bank the commissioners, may pay, in manner before directed, their asse.l- counterparts ments into the said bank of England; and the respective commercial commissioners acting within or for any city, town, or place, tjiem that the herein-after mentioned, or any other city, town or place, in parties may Great Britain, for which, and their respective vicinities, commis. pay their af-fioners for the said last mentioned purposes (hall be appointed  ^

according to the directions of this ad, shall, within the like commercial period, transmit the counterparts of all such certifie.tes as shall commis.ion-have been issued by them respectively in England to the receiver ersfor other general of the-county, riding, or place where such certifie.tes  ^

have been issued, or their respective deputies, and in Scotland to the receiver general there; and the cashier of the said bank of ft all transmit England, and the respective receivers general, or their respective such counterdeputies as aforesaid, shall, upon the receipt of any sum of money *° t^e on account of any such certifie.te, signed and marked, and num- ceivers'gene-bered or lettered as aforesaid, enter the fame in a book to be ral; and the provided for that purpose, with the number and figure marked bank and rein such certifie.te fet opposite thereto, under the head of c The ce{v,?rs11gens. Account of the Commercial Commishone.s acting for the of  and  its  Vicinity/  with such.

commercial commissioners as to all money received on such certifie.tes.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective The respective commercial commissioners shall from time to time transmit to commercial the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, the gross amount of all assessments made by them up to the day of making up such t-1[ne’to account; and that when and as soon as such assessments shall be time, trans.completed in any such diffrid, the said respective commissioners mit to the adsing.therein shall cause to be delivered a Tchedule or duplie.te on parclime.t, under their hands and seals fairly written, con- the groig taining the whole sum assessed by the said commissioners, unto amount of the said respective receivers general, and shall transmit or caule their afiefi-to be transmitted, a like schedule or duplie.te into the King’s ^^eiduch^f remembrane.r’s office of the exchequer in England and Scotland ferments are* respect.vely.  completed,

shall.deliver a schedule of the whole amount to the receivers general, and tranimit.a duplie.te thereof into the exchequer.

CVTII. And be it further enacted. That all books, papers, All luch com-and writings whatever, belonging to or provided by the laid com- milli.ne.s mercial commissioners, (hall be cares.lly preserved and kept in books* their custody, or of lome or one of them, or in such manner as [n^heir cuf-they {ball think confident with the seer.e. to be observed in the tody, or as cullody thereof.  ^they (hall

think most confident with fecree..

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the cashier of the Ten days be-bank of England, and the respective receivers general, {hall, ten tpre each 1^m days before the second, and fo before every subsequent instal.

h 3  meat,  ceivers gene-

102

Anno regni tricesimo.

nono Georgii III. c.

[1798.

ral (hall trans. ment, transmit to the respective commercial commissioners as mittothere- aforesaid, a true account of all Turns paid on account of any prior instalment or instalments, and also of any Turn or Turns which may remain unpaid on account of such prior instalment or instalments, and the respec.tive numbers and letters to which Turns paid, and such Turns To remaining unpaid Thall respectively relate; and the remaining un* fajd resp.6Hve commissioners shall, upon referene. to their pri-vate books, by notice in writing under the hands of any two of them, to be transmitted to the person or persons, or the chamberlain, treasurer, calli.er, or other officer aforesaid, of any body, late - and such corPora^orb company, fraternity, or society, making such de-commis.ioners  reciuire  him,  her,  or  them,  to pay the Turn To in arrear

shall.give within a rime to be fixed in Tuch notice; and if any person or persons To charged, or if the chamberlain, treasurer, cashier, or other officer aforesaid, of any body, corporation, company, fraternity, or society, fo charged, shall negleet.to pay the fame within the time limited in such notice, it shall be laws.l for the said tain time; and respective commercial commissioners for the last mentioned pur-on failure of p0fes, and they are hereby required to iffiie their warrant for the hru^Uieii*ma^ levying the Turn and sums fo in arrear and unpaid, in such manner, and to such esse.t and purpose, as any other of the commissioners before mentioned for the purposes of this aeft

sped.ive com merc.ial com mishone.s, an account of

paid, on prior m Raiments, and the numbers, &c. to which theyre-

notice to the party coneer.ed to pay all arrears within a cer-

warrant for levying the fame.

For the city of London, and its vicinity, (including Wtftminster, Southwark, the bills of mortality, Mary-le-

may, under this a£f, or the commissioners appointed to carry into execution any of the said aefts herein-before referred to, may, under the said a£fs, levy any money due to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the rates and duties charged and levied under this a<ft, or the said a£fs fo referred to, or any of them.

CX. And be it further enacted, That within and for the city of London and its vicinity, as herein-after mentioned, videlicet, The city and liberty of JVeJhninJler, the borough of Southwark, the several parishes within the bills of mortality, and the parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, and all parishes within the counties of Middlefcx, Efsex, Kent, and Surrey, any part whereof (hall be situate within ten miles of the Royal Exchange,

bone,Pancras, there shall be appointed twenty-four persons, qualisle. as herein-

and every parish in Middlesex, Effiex, Kent, and Surrey, any part of which is within 10 miles of the Royal Exchange), 24 eilons ihall

after is required, who shall be commercial commissioners within the said dist.ids, or such other less number as can be found therein fo qualisle., to aseer.ain the income of persons engaged in trade and manus.cture resident within the said difiriel, and of all such bodies politick, and corporate (except corporation foie residing without the said dist.ieft), companies, fraternities, and societies of persons in Great Britain, who shall be desirous of being afTeste. under the said commissioners, and also twenty-four other persons, in like manner qualisle., or such less number e  as may be found therein fo qualisle., to act in the assis.ance of

in f.114) tobe t^le commercial commissioners, and that three of the persons fo to be appointed commissioners, and three of the said assistants, shall be named by the mayor and aldermen of London, out of twelve persons, fix of whom shall be aldermen, to be returned to them by the common couneil.as aforesaid, three other commis.

iioners

E

commercial commissioners for luch dist.its., and 24- others as

1798.] Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  103

fioners and three other assistants by the governors and direct.ors affiants, of the bank of England, three other commissioners and three *ommhfiori other assistants by the directors of the said united company ers an(j three .tracting.to the Eafl Indies, three other commis.ioners. and three such assistants, other assistants by the governors aforesaid and directors of the to be named South Sea company, two other commissioners and two other ^d^ld^nfen1* assistants by each of the resp.es.ive_ governors and directors of out of 12  *

the several insurance companies before mentioned, and two (fix being other commissioners and two other assistants by each of the aldermen), grand inquests as aforesaid, having been returned to serve for J^° the several counties of Middlesex, EJsex, Kent, and Surrey, as m^n councij. before mentioned.  three by the

bank, three by the East India company, three by the South Sea company, two by each of the two insurance companies, and two by the grand jurors of each of the said four counties.

CXI. And be it further enatfed, That, within and for the ham^Liver^" several towns and places herein-after mentioned, videlicet, poof, Leeds, Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester, King’s Lynn, and Manchester, Glafgow, and such cities and other towns and places in Great King’s Lynn, Britain, (regard being had to the extent of trade and manu-failure thereof), as the persons who are resp.flively empowered other cities, to nominate commissioners for the purposes of this a<5t, for Sec, as the the county, riding, shire, or stewart.y at large within which resp.ttive such place shall be situate, shall think proper to name com-  d

mercial commissioners to a£t therein for such purposes, as aforesaid, t0 nominate there shall be appointed by the said persons fo empowered, fo commis.ion-many persons, qualisle. as herein is required, to be commercial er?> shall commissioners within and for such cities, towns, and places, commercial1 * resp.es.ively, and within and for such pari files and places in the commissioners vicinity of such cities, towns, and places resp.6tively, as the and assistants respective inquests before-mentioned (ball think proper to be shall be ineluded.in the fame districts with such cities, towns, and places resp.es.ively ; and the said last mentioned persons to be appointed to a<g- for such as aforesaid, (hall be commissioners to aseer.ain the income of towns, and persons engaged in trade and manus.cture relict.nt within the certain dif-said.resp.<5tive dist.i£ts, and of all such bodies politick and cor-porate, companies, and societies of persons in such ' districts eacfo. not |efs respectively, who shall be desirous of being afielied under the than three, said commissioners respectively ; and in every such district there nor rnore than shall also be appointed fo many persons,  qualisle.  as herein is nTihionei^or

required to act as assistants to the said  respective  commercial  dist.<a.-

commis.ioners within their districts ; provided that the number of commissioners to be appointed for each such dist.iit as aforesaid, {hall not he less than three nor  more than  twelve, and

that the afiistan.s to be also appointed  for each  such dist.ict

shall.not be less than three nor more than twelve.

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That For Bristol, within and for the several cities, towns, and places herein-after mentioned, videlicet, Bristol, Exeter, Hull, Newe a file-up on- Tyne^ upo^Tyne, Norwich, and Edinburgh, and also such other cities, towns, and Norwich * places, in Great Britain, being reste..ively counties of them- and Edin-

h 4  selyes,  bur£h> and

104 Anno regnitricesimo.nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

such.other selyes, for which the said jurors for the respective counties at coimties*of  ^arSe as aforesaid (hall think proper that commercial com-

themselyes, as niishone.s should be named, there (hall be appointed by the such inquests respective persons acting as magistrates or justices of the peace shall think fit, for such cities, towns, and places respectively, being counties of (with their themselyes.as aforesaid, fo many persons qualisle. as herein is commercial  required to be commercial commissioners within and for such.

commis.ioners  cities, towns, and places respectively, and within and for such

shall.be ap-  parish.s and places in the vicinity of such cities, towns, and

thea&in*^  places respectively, as the respective inquests for the counties at

magis.rates of large before-mentioned (hall think proper to be ineluded.in the the said cities, fame districts with such cities, towns, and places respectively; &c*  and the said last mentioned commissioners, after their appoint-

ment by the respective magistrates and justices of the peace of the cities, towns, and places, being counties of themselyes.as aforesaid, shall have and exereis. the like powers, and in as ample a manner as if they had been respectively appointed by the respective inquests of the counties at large.

CX1II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any person or persons engaged in any trade or manus.cture, and residing in the county, riding, (hire, or stewart.y where any such commercial commissioner shall be appointed, (in cafe any such commis.ioners shall be fo appointed in such county or riding), ?thVuTnnoted although not resident within the district of the commercial com-re fide nt with- mishone.s, shall and may be charged to the rates and duties in their dif- granted by this ad by such commercial commissioners, if such person or persons shall prese. such charge, and pursue the rules and regulations herein-before prese.ibed for causing such charge to be made; and in cafe no such commercial commis.ioners shall be fo appointed in the county, riding, shire, or stewart.y, where commissioners such person or persons shall reside, then such person or persons fn\hat^cotm^ may appJy in like manner to the commissioners for the purposes ty) then by " this ad, for the division or place where such person or persons the other shall reside; and the respective commis.ioners for the purposes of commissioners this ad shall in any such cafe require the asti.iance of any two under this ad, or more persons whose names shall be inserted in the Jilt made

Any trader residing in the county where such commercial com-missioner.

trid) may elect to be a fie fled by them ; or (in cafe no such

a fie fled by two persons from the grand jurors' lift, who shall then ad as commercial com mi f-fi oners.

Commercial commissioners shall be qualisle. as other commissioners under this ad for a

out by the jurors upon the grand inquest of the county, riding, shire, or stewart.y where such division or place shall be situate, and shall, in aseer.aining the charge to be made upon such person or persons, pursue all such rules, directions, and regulations, and shall have such powers as are herein-before prese.ibed and given for the conduct.f commercial commis.ioners especially appointed under this ad as aforesaid ; and the sum fo charged shall be paid and accounted for in the lame manner.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be capable of acting as a commercial commissioner under this ad, or as an afiistan. to such commis.ioners, who shall not be seised or poste.te. of an estate of the like nature and value as is herein-before required for a commissioner for the purposes of this a6t as aforesaid, for a county at large; and if any person,

not

^Hos 

I79$5♦] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  105

not qualisle. as aforesaid, (hall ad in the execution of this ad as county at a commercial commissioner, every such person shall fors.it the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as any penalty without such may be recovered by the first said recited ad.  qualifie.tion,

CXV. And be it further enacted, That every person to be to fors.it iool. appointed a commercial commissioner as aforesaid, before he Commercial (hall begin to ad therein, (except in administering the oath herein referred to), {hall take the fame oath as is herein-before be the fame as required to be taken by a commissioner for the purposes of this that of other ad ; which oath fo taken (hall be fubscribed, and the names of commis.ion-the persons taking the fame {hall be transmitted in the manner before directed with respect to the commissioners for the purposes (according* of this ad.  to f. *%).

CXVI. And be it further enacted. That every person to Aflffiants to be appointed an assistant to the commercial commissioners, {hall commissioners before the said commissioners take the following oath 5 (that is ^°j|ak^nthe

trv fox/ 1  ®

* T A+ B. do swear, That in the execution of an ad, [here Oath.

JL fet forth the title of this a£f\, I will in all respects ad fairly, honestly, and impartially, and without fayour, afFedion, or malice, to the best of my knowledge and belief; and that I will not disclose any particular contained in any schedule of income of any person, body politick or corporate, company, fraternity, or society of persons whatever, which {hall be she.n- to me in the execution of the said ad, except in such cases.only . where it shall be necessary to disclose the fame for the purposes of the said ad, or in order to or in the course of a prosecution for perjury committed in any matter relating to such schedule.

So help me GOD/

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Commercial commercial commis.ioners shall and may appoint and employ a commissioners clerk, and such other officer or officers as may be necessary, ^erlTwho with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of the shall take treasury, or any three of them, and shall and may give and an oath of administer to such clerk, and other officer or officers respectively, fidelity,and an oath for their faiths.l demeanor in all things relating to the reqifiredTby due performane. of the trust reposed in them by the said f. 35) for respective commercial commissioners, and also the oath herein- clerks to belore required to be taken by clerks to the respective comm if- com miilion.* fioners for the purposes of this ad, which oaths shall be duly clerk to C subscribed by the parties taking the fame : and the said respective receive only commercial commissioners (hall and may from time to time, such fidary as at their disere.ion, difinis. and discharge such clerk, or other be allow, officer or officers, and appoint others in their place; and the c0mmission.said.clerks and other officers are hereby required faiths.lly to ers, with the execute and perform the said trusts in them respectively reposed, approbation without taking any thing for such service, other than such faiaries fthe trea~

io6

The treasury may direct the bank and receivers general to pay the expences of the commercial com-mishone.s.

The money railed under this adt shall be paid into the exchequer, and the account thereof kept diilindt.

Recital of the applie.tion of the duties under 38 Geo.3. c. j6. (f. 97.) and of the duties under 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. (f. 38;.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798,

or rewards as the said respective commercial commissioners, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or tnore of them, fluff allow in manner herein-after directed.

CXV1II. And be it further enabled, That the commissioners * of the treasury, or any three or more of them, for the time being, are hereby respectively authorised, from time to time, to direct the cashier or cash.ers of the bank of England, or the respective receivers general before mentioned, as may be most convenient to advane. and pay, out of the monies arising from the said rates and duties granted by this act, to such person or persons as the said respective commercial commissioners, or the major part of them acting for any district as aforesaid, shall respectively name, such sums of money as shall appear to the laid commissioners of the treasury necessary for the last mentioned purposes of this act; which sums fo to be advaneed.shall be applied for the payment of allowane.s, and in defraying all other necessary charges and expences in or about the execution of this act, in respect to the commercial commissioners, without other account than before the lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treasur..

CX1X. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by the said rates and duties, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), and also all monies to be received at the bank of England under this act, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, distine.ly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respec.ive rates and duties, or received at the bank of England, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, upon any account whatever; and the said monies, fo paid into the said receipt, shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein-after mentioned.

CXX. And whereas all the monies arising from the additional rates and ajfejfmentj, or from payments at the bank of England, by virtue of the said recited a£l of the lajl fejfion of parhame.t, intituled\ An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, together ivith the duties granted by another a£l of the lafl fejfion of parhame.t, intituledr, An act for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the prelish.nary articles of peace, not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven miilion., which Jhould be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer, were, from time to time, as the fame should be paid into the said re-ceipt, directed to be ijsued.and applied to such services as are in the said.

firjl

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

firs. recited aft mentioned: be it further enabled, That all the monies arising from the said rates and aflbflments by the said recited a£ts granted, or from payments at the bank, of England, and also from the rates and duties hereby granted, not exceeding the said sum of seven miilion., which shall be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer, shall, from time to time, as the fame shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied either to the services voted by the commons of Great Britain, in the said last session of parhame.t, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; or to the payment and discharge of all annuities, interect, and dividends, which have or shall become payable in consequene. of the loan of eight miilion. raised by virtue of another ad passed jn the laid last fef-fion of parhame.t; and that, after issuing or referring at the said receipt of exchequer, out of the said monies, such sums as shall be sufficient for the purposes aforesaid, the surplus of the said monies, as the fame shall arise and be paid into the said receipt, shall be and are hereby appropriated for the services which shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or shall be voted by the said commons for the service of any fub-sequent.year, not exceeding ten miilion. in any one year, and which shall be specifically charged on the said rates and duties by any ad or ads to be passed for that purpose; and in the next place for the payment and discharge of ail annuities, interect, and dividends which shall become payable in consequene. of any loan or loans, which shall also be specifically charged on the said rates and duties by such ad or ads; and lastly, for the pure.ase of publick annuities to the amount of the annuities which may be created on such loan or loans; and the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the being, are or is hereby authorised and required to iftue and apply the fame for the services of each year successively. to such amount yearly as shall have been then voted by the commons of Great Britain^ not exceeding ten miilion. in any one year, and in the next place to the payment and discharge of the annuities, interect, and dividends which shall become payable in consequene. of such loan or loans, as and when the fame shall become payable ; and that, after applying such part of the said monies as shall be sufficient for the services of each year successive.y as aforesaid, and for the payment and discharge of all such annuities, dividends, and interest as aforesaid, or reserving the fame at the said receipt of exchequer, the corn-mi shone.s of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and required to iftue, from time to time, the surplus of the said monies arising from the rates and duties by this a£t granted, during the term for which the said rates and duties are hereby granted, to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be placed to the account of the commis.ioners

107

All money raised under those a£ts, and also under this a<5t, not exceeding seven miilion., shall be applied to to the services of the year 1798; or in paying the interest of the loan of eight miilion. raised hit feilion; the surplus to be appropriated to the services of the year 1799, or of any subs.-quent year, specifically charged on the said duties, not exceeding ten miilion. in any one year * next in payment of the interest of any loans to be specifically charged thereon; and lastly, in the pure.ase of ttock to the amount of the stock created by such loans: the money to be issued and applied accordingly.

10S Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

missioner. appointed by an aft, parted in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, for applying certain sums annually to the reduction of the national debt, who shall apply the fame in payment for the pure.ase of any publick annuities, in the manner directed by the said recited aft, palied.in the thirty-eighth c. 16. f. 98, year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting an aid and 99, xoo, contribution for the prosecution of the war, fo long as the fame The duties to shall be fo applie.ble under and by virtue of this aft. cease, on the CXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon the pure.ase the cmnmif^ t^ie said commissioners appointed for the reduction of the na-hone.s of the tional debt, out of the monies to arise as aforesaid, of publick. national debt, annuities to the amount of all annuities which maybe created of Hock to the on any loan or loans specifically to be charged on the said rates and duties as aforesaid, the said rates and duties (hall be determined in the manner directed by the said last.mentioned aft, and all the powers, provisions, and rules, contained in the

amount of ttock. created by any loans to be spec.st.

cally charged said last.mentioned aft, for issuing and applying the monies duties asTun- ar*finS from, and for determining the rates and asse.tinents der ^8 Geo. c. granted thereby, (hall severally and respectively be in full force, i6.f. ioiy&c. 2nd put in practice, for the issuing and applying the monies Every appeal arising from, and for determining, at the period herein-mention-decided on the ed, the rates and duties hereby granted, as fully and esse.tually comeander" as ^ tlle ^arne ^ad been rePeated and re-enacted.in this present 3.8 Geo. 3. c. a^'*

16. shall be CXXII. And be it further enacted, That every appeal on the conciufive,ex- ground of income, once heard and determined, under and by C<-vrt thC v^rtue °*  pals.d in the thirty-eighth year aforesaid,

provx [under f°r granting an aid and contribution as aforesaid, shall be final f. 71 of that and conciufive during the continuance of the rates and duties aft] that his granted by the said aft, as is herein-before limited, except where income for the the party shall alied.e and prove, in the manner directed by the year en mg  that his or her income, during the year ending on the

fist. day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, fell short of the sum mentioned in his or her declaration by a fiated sum; in which cafe, and also where the income of any ^bme^spec.st.k Perfon has been dimini(hed from any spec.sick.cause arising after cau'e; [fee f. the time allowed for hearing appeals in the year preceding the said 72 of that aft]; fist. day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be laws.l for the respective commis.ioners for hearing and determining appeals under the said aft, to give relief to the appellant or appellants in the manner directed by the said aft.

CXXIIf. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be laws.l to and for any justice of the peace re~ Tiding near the place where the offence lhall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this aft, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty not exceeding twenty this aft where pounds; which said justice of the peace is hereby au-thorifed the penalty and

required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that belial., within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accused, giving to each parry three days notice to appear, and also the witnesses on either

fide,

Feb. 5, fell short of the sum declared, or was dimi-nished.from

in which cases.the commis.fi oners of appeal, under that aft, may give relief. Juftices of peace may de termine offences under

does not exceed 20I.; on complaint within three months;

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.  109

fide, and to examine into the matter of fad, and upon proof made summ.oning thereof, either by voluntary confession of the party accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnestes, or otherwise, witndTes; and as the cafe may require, to give judgement or sentence for the may convict penalty or fors.iture as in and by this act is directed, to be divided <511 confession one moiety thereof to the poor of the parish or place where the oatlfaf^* offence shall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to one witness: the informer or informers, and to award and issue out his warrant, the penalty to under his hand and sea., for the levying the said.penalty adjudged, go half to the of the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in cafe they shall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to former. ^o be the party the overplus, (if any), and where the goods of file. levied by dif-offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to tress and sale, commit such offender to prison, there to remain for any space of time not exceeding fix nor less than three calendar months, un-10 not less such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and more than if either party shall find himself or themselyes.aggrieyed.by the nor less judgement of any such justice, then he and they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty pnfonment." and fors.iture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in cafe ^ppea] o-,iven such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the to the quarter peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, feilions who division, shire, stewart.y, or place, which shall happen after four- may award teen days next after such conviction shall have been made, and ofco s* which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be laws.l for such justices to award the person or persons appealing to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet: provided nevertheless.

That, it shall and may be laws.l, to and for the said justice, where Penalties may , he shall fee cause, to mitigate and lessen such penalties as he shall be mitigated think fit, (reasonable.costs and charges of the officers and in- ove^and^ formers, as well in making the discovery, as in prosecuting the above the infame, being always allowed over and above such mitigation), and former’s coifs, fo as such mitigation doth not reduce the penalties to less than the moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said costs and charges; any thing contained in this act to the contrary not-withstanding.

CXXIV. And be it further enact.ed, That this a£t may be al- A£ may be tered, varied, or repealed, by any act or act. to be made in this altered or re-present.session of parhame.t,  this

SCHEDULE,

Hostect by  Dogle

no

Anno regni tricefuno nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

RULES for estimating the income to arise within the current year of persons to be asse.Ted under the a£t of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Msjest..

1.  INCOME arising fro?n lands, tenement sy and hereditaments.

General rule for aseer.aining the ^ualtie of all lands.

In all cases.the annual value of lands shall be estimated from the aggregate amount of the rent at which the fame are let, or if not let, are worth to be let by the year, according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the fame neighbourhood; together with the payments within the year for all parochial and other taxes, rates, and af-fess.ents, charged upon the respective occupiers in re-fpe<ft of such lands; and also the value of tythes, where taken in kind, or of the sums paid in satisfaction for the fame; after deducing from such aggregate amount the fourth part thereof.

I  ft. INCOME of owners of lands.

FIRST CASE.

Income of lands occupied by the owner.

Such income shall be taken at the amount of one year’s rent, according to the rate at which such lands are worth to be let by the year according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the fame neighbourhood, regard being had to the demands to which such lands may be liable for or in respect of tythes, or any satis.adftion for the fame, or from which demands such lands may be free; and also a sum not less than the amount of one quarter, or more than one half, of the annual value, estimated as aforesaid, in addition to such rent; and where the lands have come into the occupation of the owner within eighteen months past, on the expiration of a lease, or the death or failure of a tenant, then the fame (hall be valued at one year’s rent only of lands of the like quality, estimated as aforesaid.

r  Deductions  to  be  made from the First Case.

The amount of land tax payable from the fist. day of February last past for one year.

The amount of fee farm rents, quit rents, rent charges, ground rents, and other rents payable by such owner, or other charges which the owner of the land shall be bound by tenure to pay, or for the expence of drainage under any commission of sewers, estimated for one year, as aforesaid, next preceding the delivery of the fchedulc.

Repairs

\

Ill

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

Repairs of buildings, consisting of a principal messuage, occupied by the owner, and other buildings, occupied with a farm of lands or tythes at an average, to be sett.ed at the disere.ion of the commis.loners under all the circumstane.s, not exceeding eight pounds per centum on the annual value of the farm, efti-mated as aforesaid; but if there be no principal messuage, then at the like average, not exceeding three pounds per centum on the like annual value :

Alfo on account of expences in draining lands, such sum as the commis.loners (hall allow, not exceeding in any cafe three pounds'/>£/ centum on the annual value of the lands improved by such drainage.

And in respec. of embankments from the sea, or any river, when the fame shall be necessary for the occupation of lands, or by reason of tenure therein, such sum as the commis.loners, under all the circumstane.s, shall allow.

SECOND CASE.

House. and buildings occupied by the owner.

The annual value of such houses or other buildings shall be taken according to the fair rent at which houses of the like de-scrip.ion are usually let or might be let by the year, unfurnished, as near as may be; but where the fame are,or shall be rated to the tax on inhabited houses, then not to be taken at less than such rate.

Deductions.

Repairs, at the best average, in the judgement of the coinmif-stone.s, and not exceeding ten pounds per centum on the annual value, estimated as aforesaid.

Other deductions as in the first: cafe.

THIRD CASE.

Lands in the occupation of tenants at rack rent.

The annual value of such lands shall be taken at the full amount of the rent reserved.

Deductions.

As in the first: cafe, if payable by the owner; and also the amount of the tythes, or the satisfaction for the fame, and rates and taxes, if payable by the owner, and also the actual expences of collect.ing the rents.

FOURTH CASE.

Lands demised to tenants in confederation of a fine paid and rent re-

served.

The annual value of such lands shall be taken at the amount of the rent for one year, and of such further sum in respect of the fines from the said lands, as will amount to a sum equal to the receipts of one year, on such average as shall be sett.ed or confirmed by the respect.ive commis.loners before whom the question shall be depending.

DEDUCTIONS.

I 12

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

Deductions.

As in the first cafe, if payable by the owner.

FIFTH CASE.

Lands demised to tenants in confederation of a fine without rent re~ served, or a nominal rent only.

A fair average of the fines, as under the fourth cafe.

Deductions.

As under the first cafe if payable by the owner.

SIXTH CASE.

House. demised to tenants at rack rent.

The annual value of such houses shall be taken at the full amount of the rent reserved for one year.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second cafe.

Other deductions, as under the first cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble, if payable by the owner.

SEVENTH CASE.

House. demised to tenants in confederation of rent reserved and fine.

As under the fourth cafe, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second cafe,.

Other deductions, as under the first cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble, if payable by the owner.

EIGHTH CASE.

House. demised to tenants in confederation of a fine, without rent or a nominal rent only.

As under the fist. cafe, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second cafe.

Other deductions, as under the first cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble, if payable by the owner.

NINTH CASE.

Tythes in resp.fl of owners.

To be estimated on a fair average for three years preceding, of the actual value, if taken in kind, regard, in such cafe, being had to the expence incurred in collecting the fame, or, if compounded for, of the compositions received for the fame.

Deductions.

As under the first cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble, if payable by the owner; and also all payments made on account of parochial and other rates, taxes, and aftefiments, in respect of such tythes which shall be payable by the owner.

TENTH

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgix HI. c. 13*  113

TENTH CASE.

Prosi.s of manors, or of timber or woods, usually cut,periodically, and in certain proportionsmines, and other prosi.s of uneer.ain annual amount.

Value on such average as {hall be sett.ed by the respective commissioners before whom the question shall be depending, except in the cafe of mines, where the average (hall be taken on a term not exceeding five years.

Deductions.

As under the first cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble, if payable by the owner.

2d. INCOME of tenants of lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

ELEVENTH CASE.

Lands for hereditaments occupied by tenants at rack rents.

If the annual value of such lands or hereditaments, estimated as herein-before directed in the general rule for estimating the annual value of all land, be under three hundred pounds, then the income (hall be taken at not less than one half, or more than two thirds of such value; and if at three hundred pounds or upwards, then at not less than three fist.s or more than three fourths of such value.

Deductions.

Such and no other deduct.ons as are herein-aftercomprise. under the head of General Deductions, if payable by the tenant.

TWELFTH CASE.

Mines, tythes, woods, and other hereditaments of uneer.ain amount, when occupied by tenants, to be charged as the fame would be charged in the hands of the owner, deducing also the reut payable for the fame.

THIRTEENTH CASE.

Lands or tenements demised in consideration of fines, whether zvith or without a rent reserved.

The value of such lands or tenements (hall be estimated at the value at which the fame would be estimated in the cafe of an owner occupying the fame, deducing theres.om a sum equal to the annual value of payments refer ved to the owner, as direct.ed to be estimated in the fourth cafe.

Deductions as in the eleventh cafe.

3d. INCOME of mesne less.rs, under demises, in consideration of

fines?, whether zvith or without a rent reserved, and of lands or tenements demised upon improveable leases.

FOURTEENTH CASE.

In every such cafe, every mesne lessor or less.rs (hall be charged as owner, deducting theres.om such rent and average of

Vol. XLII,  I  fines

Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798*

fines (if any) as shall be paid thereout to his or her immediate leflbr.

II.  INCOME arising from personal property and fro?n trades, pro-fejjlons, offices^ pens.cns, stipe.ch, employments,  vocations.

FIFTEENTH CASE.

I ft. INCOME from any trade, proses..ion, office, pension, flip end, employment, #r vocation.

The annual value to be taken for the first year of being charged, either at not less than the full amount of the prosi.s or gains of such trade, prosession, office, pension, stipend, employment, or vocation, within the preceding year, or at the election of the person charged, at a sum not less than the fair and just average for one year of the amount of the prosi.s or gains of such trade, prosession, office, pension, stipend, employment, or vocation, in the three years preceding, and in all succeeding years, the annual value to be reckoned according to the fame mode which the said person (hall have chosen to take in the first year.

Deductions.

No other deductions to be made from such annual value, than such as are herein-after comprized under the head of General Deductions; except two thirds of the rent paid by the tenants of houses, part whereof is occupied and used by such tenants as an open shop for retail trade only; or by innkeepers and other persons licensed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors, by retail; or by persons keeping any school, aeadem., or seminary for learning, and usually having their scholars to board and lodge (to a number not less than ten) in their respective dwelling houses; and also, except any rate charged in respect thereof bp virtue of any a6l for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax; or on offices, pensions, stipends, or personal estates, by any act for the services of the year for which the computation shal. be made; or upon pensions, or salaries, fees, and wages, in re-sped. of offices of prosi., by an a£t, passed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First; or upon pensions, gratuities, offices, or employments of prosi., by an a6t, passed in the,thirty* first year of his late majesty King George the Second.

SIXTEENTH CASE.

2d. INCOME from annuities, interest of money, rent charge, or other payments of the like nature.

The annual value with respect to income derived from property pofleste. by the fame person during the whole of the preceding year, to be taken at not less than the whole income which became payable in respect thereof, within the year preceding, ending on the fist. day of February in each year, or on such other day of the year as the annual payments have been

usually.

usually.completed; and with respect. to income arising from property not possessed by the fame person during the whole of the preceding year, at not less than the whole income (as far as the fame can be computed) which will become payable in the succeeding year.  ^

General Deductions to be allowed ; and also any tax or charge in respec.l: of the fame, imposed by any a£t or ads.

III.  INCOME arising out of Great Britain. SEVENTEENTH CASE.

1 ft. From foreign pojfejfions.

The full amount of the actual annual net income received in Great Britain, either estimating such receipt in the fir ft year of being charged, at the election of the person charged, according to the year ending the fist. day of February immediately preceding such estimate, or according to the average of the three years preceding such fist. day of February, or on such day in each year on which the account, of such income has been ^usually.made up; and in all succeeding years, the annual receipt to be reckoned in the fame mode which the person charged (hall have chosen to take in the first year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

EIGHTEENTH CASE.

2d. MONET arising from foreign fscaris.es.

The annual income of such securities, if the fame were ex-isting.in the preceding year, to be estimated according to the produce of such year, and if the fame were not then existing, to be computed upon the expect.ted produce of the current year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

IV.  INCOME not falling under any of the foregoing rules.

Such income to be estimated to the the best of the knowledge and belief of the person entitled thereto; and such estimate to he delivered to the commis.ioners, together with a statement of the nature of such income, and the grounds on which the amount thereof shall have been fo estimated.

General Deductions to be allowed.

GENERAL DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

I. The amount of annual interest payable for debts owing by the party, or charged upon the property of the party, from which any income {hall a'rife.

I 2

Hosted?* (El!*0<

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

2.  The amount of allowane.s to any child or children, or other relations, such child or children, or other relation or relations not making a part of the family of the party, and of whose names and places of residene. the assessors and surveyors shall have had notice.

3.  A defied taxes under the two a£ts of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majessy, for repealing the duties on houses, windows, and lights, on inhabited houses, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majessy.other duties on houses, windows, and, lights, and on inhabited houses, in lieu thereof; and for repealing the duties upon male seryan.s, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

4.  The amount of any annuity payable by the party, either as a debt or charge upon his or her income, (excepting any payment to the wife of any party living with such party, for which she, or any trustees or trustees on her belial., shall not be duly charged under this add).

5.  Perfons who have made or shall make insurance on their respective lives, or on the lives of their respective wives, shall be at liberty, in addition to any other deduct.ons, to dedudi the amount of the premium of such insurance for the current year.

6.  Perfons entitled to any income during and depending upon the life or lives of any other person or persons who have made, or shall make, insurance on the life or lives of such other person or persons, shall be at liberty, in addition to any other deductions, (except the deduction herein-after mentioned), to dedudb the amount of the premiums of such last mentioned insurance for the current year ; provided that if, after the death of such other person or persons on whose life or lives such insurance shall have been made, the income, or any part thereof from which such premiums have been deduced, shall be continued, or the estate from whence the fame arose renewed, or shall have been usually continued,or the estate from whence the fame arose shall have been usually renewed by the payment of a fine or fines, then and in such cafe no deduction shall be allowed on account of such fine or fines which shall have been paid, or would become payable, on any such renewal.

PARTICULAR DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1.  The amount of the tenths paid by any ecclesiastical person within the year preceding that in which the computation shall be made.

2.  Procurations and synod.ls paid by ecclesiastical persons, on an average of seven years preceding that in which the computation shall be made.

3.  Repairs of chaneels.of chure.es by any re<5tor, vicar, or other person bound to repair the fame, on an average of twenty-one years preceding as aforesaid.

STATEMENTS

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

STATEMENTS of INCOM

In the cases.of all persons resident in Great Britain, and persons generally resident out of Great Britain, having income under two hundred pounds:

I A. B. do declare, That my income [or, in the cafe of a truse., agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, that the income of C. D. or, of the corporation, company, fraternity, or society of  as  the cafe may he, for whom I am a trustee,

agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee] estimated according to the directions and rules of an ad, palied.in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft [heres.t forth the title of the aft] doth not exceed the sum of  [in  all  cases. where  the income exceeds sixty pounds,

and does not amount to tivo hundred pounds, add afo] and that 1 am willing to pay the sum of  for  my  contribution [or in

the cafe of a truse., agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, I do propose on belial. of the said C. D. that the sum of  (hould be paid for his, [her, or their] contribution]

for one year, from the fist. day of April  to  the fist. day

of April  the  fame being not less than one

part of my [or, his, her, or their] income, estimated as aforesaid, to be paid according to the directions of the said ad. Dated the

Signed

WE whose names are underwritten do testis. that thesigna.ure of  *  is of his proper hand writing, and that

the fame was signed in our presene..

INCOME of TWO HUNDRED POUNDS, or upwards:

I A. B. do declare, That I am willing to pay the sum of

for my contribution, [or, in the cafe of a truse., agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or in the cafe of any corporation, company, fraternity, or society of persons, I A. B. do propose on the belial. of G. D. or of the corporation, company, fraternity, or society of  [as  the  cafe  may  he] for whom I am

trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, that the sum of  should  be  paid  for his, [her or their]

contribution] for one year, from the fist. day of April until the fist. day of April  in  pursuance of an ad,

intituled, An aft, he*  And  I  do declare, That the

said.sum of.  is  not  less  than  one  tenth part of my [or,

his, her, or' their] income, estimated according to the directions

I 3  and

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

and rules prese.ibed by the said a&, to the best of my knowledge and belief. Dated

Signed

WE whose names are underwritten do testis. that the signature of  is  of his proper hand writing, and that the

lame was signed in our presene..

(C).

NOTICE to be given to the assessors by any person engaged in trade or manus.cture, or by any body, corporation, company, fraternity, or society.  v

TAKE notice, That I, [or we, if partners, or if not on his ozun account, on the belial. of  ]  am \_or are] engaged in

trade or manus.cture, viz. * \heres.t forth the branch or branches of trade or manus.cture^ and the, place or places where the fame is carried on] and mean to be charged to the rates and duties granted by an a£t of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, under the powers and provisions veiled in and given to the commercial commilTioners for the

of  in  the  county  of - v

SCHEDULE

. (D)

SCHEDULE of INCOME of

IN®

*3-

DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY'from which INCOME anse.y

on an average f

deration of a fine paid and rent ^ of years I

reserved.—  —  f  aronnnt  nf  rt-rif  J

Lands occupied by me as owner -Houles and buildings occupied by me as owner Lands in occupation of tenants at rack rent

1 amount of fines f. s. d. Lands demised to tenants in confi- j

^amount of rent

Lands demised to tenants in confi deration of a ( aniount^| ) line, without any rent reserved, or nominal J receiv^ > P- y rent only -  -  -  )  on an average f

3  v  of years j

House. demised to tenants at rack rent

House. demised to tenants in conlideration of rent reserved and fine House. demised to tenants in conlideration of a fine without rent, or a nominal rent, only Tythes received in kind, or compo-fition reserved for the fame -

C amount of average re-( ceipt for three years

d.

yearr

Prosi.s (

^manors - average receipt for I timber  -  do -  do

r J woods -  do  -  do

0 A mines - do-not exceeding five years / other prosi.s of uneer.ain amount -do for  years

Lands or hereditaments demised to me, as tenant at rack rent / manors  -  -

timber - -' woods  -

' other heredita-

d.

Prosi.s of < ments of

uneer.‘ \ t2in amount -

Annual Fahle.

£•

demised.to me, average the fame as the 10th cafe, dedueling the rent A  payable.

' v  (taking in  as in the 9th *)

\tythes < kind com- >cafe, dednd- ^

[ pounded for 3 ing the rent )

Lands or tenements demised to mein conlideration of a fine, whether with or without a rent reserved ; annual value

£• *•

, Lands ortenements demised to me in confederation 'i % of fine, with or without a rent, and underlet to >

< a tenant -  -  -.  3

/Lands demised to me at rent, and underlet to a v tenant at an improved rent  -

From proself.on, offices, penlions, fiipends, employment, trade or vocation  -  -

From annuities, interell of money, rent charge, and other pay-^j ments and allowane.s applied to my use, including income of I the wife, if any, for which ffie or her trustee or trustees fh all net > - be charged by virtue of this ad, living with hulband, though I separately secured  -  -  -  -  J

From foreign possessions  -

From money ariling from foreign securities  -  -  ^

From any income not falling under any of the above heads, or ] within the rules prese.ibed by the ad  -  ~  t

Nature of the income, and grounds on which )  -  -  |

the amount thereof is estimated  j  J

Total amount of property  -  £-

Dedudions from above  -  -

Income chargeable  -  £*

I 4

PO

A. B. [Defer\ptiori\ of the Division.of

DEDUCTIONS.

Land tax payable on the several proporties mentioned } under Nos  on  the  other  lide,  from  the  (

£• *• d.

to the

day of

years on the other fide do do do do

day of last past Fines paid upon an avei'age of Fee farm rents payable out of Nos Quit rents, payable out of Nos Kent charges, payable out of N03 Ground rent, payable out of N°*

Other rents, payable out of N03 Tenths

Procurations, synod.ls, payable (by ecclesiastical per-fons) out of Nos upon an average of seven years

Of farm, with principal messuage, under Nos Of farm buildings, without principal messuage, under Nos  -  -

Of draining lands, under Nos Rena* • -I Of embankments, under Nos

" 11 Si Of houses and buildings not occupied with a farm, under NJ3 Of chaneels.of chure.es by reCtors, vicars and others bound to repair the fame, upon an average of 21 years

txC_2

s.  d.

Tythes^

' Expences in collecting the fame, upon an average of three years  -  -

Value thereof paid in kind, upon do average Value of composition for the fame, upon do ave-. rage  -

£•

d.

£• d*

Annual interest payable for debts, | charged on N»~

Allowane.s to children, or other relations viz. [ Afleste. taxes under a6ts 38 Geo. III. c. 40, Se 41. Annuities  -  -  -

Land tax on personal estates, offices, pensions, See. Premiums of insurance on life

Total amount of deductions

£.  ,  d.

i}

Memorandum :—The local ftuation of the several properties in the opposte.column ?nujl here be deferibed under their resp.Bive numbers; and ij in Great Britain, the several petris.es and counties in fwhich they are Jituate> together with the several places of ref dene e oj the party.

Witnefs.my hand, this

day of

DECLA-

1798.] Anno regni tricefitno nono Georgii III. c. 13. .

(E.)

DECLARATION of the Number of CHILDREN.

I A. B. do declare, That I have the under-mentioned child (or children) born in laws.l Wedlock, and maintained by me at my expence; (videlicet) C. D. of the age of  E.  F\  of the

age of  and  G.  H. of the age of  in resp.Cf of whom

I claim an abatement in pursuance of the said a£f, and am ready to veris. this my declaration as the adt requires.

(F-)

PRECEPT of the COMMISSIONERS.

WE being of the commissioners appointed to carry into execution the general purposes of an a<5l, palied.in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An adi, [here fet forth the title of the att\ for the  of  do  hereby

require you to return, or cauie to be returned, within the space of ten days after the date of this our precept, at our office, situate at  between  the hour of  in  the forenoon and

the hour of  in  the  astern.on, unto us, or such of the com-

missioner. appointed for the purposes aforesaid, for the said of  who  (hall  be  there present at the time of making

your return, a schedule of particulars of property from which your income, chargeable under the said a£f, ought to be eftimat-ed, with the amount of deductions to be made theres.om, under the heads contained in, and according to the forms hereunto annexed, or such of them as the cafe (hall require. Thereof fail not.

Given under our hands, this day of

I N D E X.

121'

9

INDEX.

^ BATE MEN

TS on account of children.

Form of declaration for obtaining fame, schedule E.

Ad, 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. as imposing former duties, repealed, f. 1.—Except in ccr-- tain cases, f. 8, 9.

Ads respecting present duties extended to duties under this a <51. f. 36. -

Affidavit. See oath, perjury.

Agents, confiaeniiat, their evidene. to be on oath. f. 59.

N o t c o in pell a bl e to an fiver q u e ft i o ns. f. 5 9.

(See trujiees\ voitnejfes.)

Aldermen to be ineluded.in nomination of

commis.ioners by common couneil.of London, f. 17. no.

Appeals, days for hearing to be appointed, f. 16.

Not to retard collection of rates, f. 60.— except in certain cases, f* 66.

By persons aggrieyed.by surveyors against alless.ents, howto be heard and determined. f. 64- and fee f. 71.

By commissioners and commissioners of appeal against each other, f. 68, 69.

On the ground of income under 38 Geo.

3.  c. 16 f. 122.

To commercial commissioners of London, in certain cases, f. 105.

(See commissioners of appeal.)

Applie.tion of monies raised under this a<5L ft 119, 120, 121.

Arrears of ajfejfments to be debts of record to the King. f. 72. and fee f. 109.

Ajfejfments, how to be made. See commis.i Jioners and commercial commis.ioners.

Surcharge of. See surveyors.

Inere.se.of. See commis.ioners.

To be paid by fix instalments, yearly, f. 72.

To be made where the party reside.. f. 735 but fee f. 102, 103. and title, non residents.

Affiejfors, how to be summoned to receive their inst.udtions. f. 37. 49.

To give notice to houleholders, See. to deliver lifts of persons chargeable, ft 38 j and to lodgers, f. 39.

To return names of desau.ters, f. 38, 39.

To affix general notices on chure. doors, f. 44.

To transmit returns to commis.ioner’s clerks, f. 45.

To make oath of the truth thereof, ft 46.

How to be paid for their trouble, f. 47.

Bank, commissioners to be named by. f. 17, 18. 110.

Money may be paid into. f. 95.

Certificates of commercial commissioners to. f. 106.

To transmit to commercial commissioners amount of each instalment paid by mereliant., See. f. 109.

Banker, not taxable As a receiver, f. 43.

Cafe may be demanded by a surveyor. f. 65.

Certificates of commis.ioners.  See commis.i

Jioners.

Charities, exempted from the duties, f. 5. 88.

Children. See abatement.

.Clerksof assize, to return grand jury pannels. f. 14.

Clerks to commis.ioners. See commissioners oath. AJfess.ors.

Collectors, to- give notice of asse.Tments to parties charged, f. 63.

Colieges, income of applied to fellows, See. how taxable, f. 89.

Commissioner. under former ads ; their first meeting under this a<5t. f. 11. to fnm-mon aise.fors, and blue initrudlions to them. f. 37. and fee. f. 49.

Commissioner. for executing this act; how to be nominated;—In counties by grand jurors, f. 11.—in Lincolnlhire. f. 15.— in London, f. 17.—in the Tower divi-fion. f. 20.—-in cities, being counties, f. 24.--------on defe<5t of grand jurors, f. 29.

Their qualifie.tion, f. 23. 26. See qualifie.tion.

Their success.on. f. 21.

Their oath. f. 22.

How to be affieste. themselve.. f. 68, 69.

Shall not vote where interfiled, f. 70.

May examine persons on oath. f. 21.

Shall make abftra<5ts of asse.fiors’ returns, r. 50.

Shall issue precepts to parties to return schedule.. f. 52. in form of schedule F.

May disallow i'uveyor’s applie.tion to sure.arge, &c. f. 53. Subje£l to appeal. f. 71.

May enlarge the time for delivering state.ments and schedule.. f. 56.

Shall make affieftments, summoning the party and witnesse.. ft 57.

Or on non-appearance, &c. of the party.

f-5*.  .  .  r

May inere.se affiefs.ment in certain cases, f. 94.

In Scotland, may employ assistants in certain cases, f. 94.

Commissioner. of appeal. (See appeal.)

Howto be appointed, ft 16: in London, f. 18.

Their success.on. f. 21.

How to be asse.fed. f. 68, 69.

Two or more sets may be appointed, f 30.

To determine on sure.arge. by surveyors. f. 60. and on appeals against affieftments. f. 64-

In what cases.prohibited from giving relief. f. 64.

May postpone appeals in certain cases, f.

66.

Commercial commissioners, how to be appointed : for London and its vicinity, i. 110.—for Birmingham, Liverpool,

and

INDEX.

and other places, f. in; for'BriJloU Exeter, &c. and other cities, being counties, f. 112; and their alii ft ants ; and fee as to the latter in the Tower division. f. 20.

Their qualifie.tion, f. 114.

Traders, and tracting.corporations, may be assessed bysuch.commis.ioners. f. 96; on giving notice in form of fcliodule (C.) and fee f. 113.

Such commissioners shall receive state.ments sealed up, and class the fame, and confider them in committees, f. 97.

May eons.lt assistants, call for schedules, examine witnesses, See. f. 98.

To make assessments, and class, number, and certify them. f. 99.

How they may aseer.ain the whole of a party’s income, f. 100, 101. .

How to assess each other, f. 104, 105.

To transmit certifie.tes of asse.fmentj to the bank and receivers general, f. 1065 and schedules of amount to the tax office, f. 107.

How to levy arrears, f. 109.

Their books to be kept private, f. 108.

May employ a clerk, and allow him a salary. f. 117.

Expences resp.<5ting them, howto be paid, ft 118.

Corporations, how to be taxed, f. 2. 77. 90.

Where asse.iments shall be made, f, 73.

For what income not taxable, f. 88, S9.

Duties to be paid and retained by their officers, f. 91.

Their accounts may be inspected by fur-veyors. f. 62.

Corporate officers (annual pres.aing) exempted. f. 6.

Courts of equity to provide for duties on incomes under their controll.. f. 84, 85.

Curates. See reBors.

DeduBions (general) from income. See schedule A.; and fee alio, titles, abatement, houses, income.

Determination of duties under this a£t. f. 121.

Diminution of annual income. See income.

Dfcount not allowed on money paid into the bank. f. 95.

Eafl India company, commissioners to be appointed by. f 17, 18 no.

E'uajion of duties, provisions against. f. 92.

Examinations of parties, and their agents, not compulsory. f. 59.

Foreigners, amount of their income paid by corporations, to be returned to fur-veyors. f. 88.

Foreign property, income arising from, how to be taxed, f. 2. 102, 103. (See non-residents, and schedule A. Ilf.)

Frauds againjt this atl. See EvaJEn.

Friendly societies, exempted, f. 4.

Grand jurors to nominate commis.ioners. f. 11. 13, 14. no.

Houses, incomes arising from, how to be ef-

timated. Schedule A. T. 2d. 6th. 7th. 8th. nth. and 13th. cases.

Rents of, what part may, in certain cases, be deducted from income; schedule A. II. 15 th. cafe.

Income, duties on. f. 2*

Howto be estimated. f. 87 ; (and fee schedule. A. I. for lands; II. person.al property, protes.ions, &c; III. foreign property; IV. sundrie.; and also schedule D.)

Diminution of, relief for. f. 78. 80. 122.

From prosessions, See. f. 79; and schedule A. II.

Of traders, deductions from. f. 81; and schedule A. II.

The title to which is uneer.ain, how taxable, 84.

Of infants under controll. of courts of equity, f. 85.

In various places, to be aseer.ained by commis.ioners' certifie.tes, f. 100, 101.

From property in the British plantations, f. 102, 103.  /

Infants, income of, fee f. 2. 85; and titles, income, tnifecs.

InfpeBors. See furwyors.

Insura.ce companies, commissioners to be appointed by. f. 17, 18. no.

JuJUces of peace, how to determine offences* f. 123.

Lands, income arising from, how to be estimated ; schedule A. I. cafe 1. 3, 4* 5. 11. 13, 14.

Leffors (mesne.i their income how to be estimated; schedule A. I. cale 14.

Lincolnshire, commissioners for. fee f. 15.

Lifts, to be delivered by householders, &c. f. 38. See statement.

London. See commissioners, commissioners of appeal, and commercial commis.ioners.

Its vicinity, for the purposes of appointing commercial commis.ioners. f. no.

Manors, income from, how to be estimated, schedule A. I. cafe 10.

Married women, their income, how to be aseer.ained. f. 38. 41.

Middlesex, what grand jurors to be sum.moned in. f. 19.

Mines, income from,fee schedule A. I. cafe 10. 12.

Non-resident.^ in Great Britain, howtaxable. f. 8, 9, 10. 38, 39. 73. 88.

Notices. See appeals, esse.fors, collectors, penalties, removal, resident..

Oath, of commis.ioners. f. 22. .and com' mercial commis.ioners. f. 115.

Of parties examined before commil-

■ fioners. f. 31. 58, 59. 64.

Of surveyors and infpeitors. f. 34.

Of clerk to commis.ioners. f. 35. and to commercial commis.ioners. i. 117.

Of assistants to commercial commis.ioners. f. 116. (See perjury.)

Occafional resident.'in Great Britain, how to be taxed. 1. 8, 9,

Occa

INDEX.

Qccafione. absent.es. f. io;

Partners, how to be charged, f. 82, 83.

Penalties, on commissioners acting without-taking the oath. f. 22; or without qualifie.tion., f. 27 ; commercial commis.ioners. f. 114.

On persons defacing general notices, f.44.

On affdYors for neglect. of duty. f. 47.

On householders, See. for not delivering lifts, &c. f. 67.

Proceedings for, when they may be staid. r. 54.56.

In wnat caies not to attach on trust.es. f- 55'

On persons removing to evade duties, f. 74. andi fee f. 75.

On other fraudulent evacto.s. f. 92.

Of 20I. or under, to be recovered before, and mitigated by justice.. f. 123.

Perjury, penalties of, on persons swearing false.y. f/32, 33.

Perfonal property, prosessions, &c. Income arising from, howto be estimated, fche-dule A. II. and fee income.

Poor, lifts need not be returned by. f. 40. and fee charities.

Qualifications of commissioners: forcounties at large, f. 23. (and for commercial commissioners f. 114); in cities, being counties, f. 24; in inns of court, f. 24-Where to be situa.e. f. 25.

In land and pevfonalty, how to be valued, f. 26.

Of commissioners of appeal, f. 23.

Qualisle. persons, may have their names in-ferted in grand jurors7 lifts, f. 13.

Qualisle. commissioners y desect.of, how to be iupplied. f. 28.

Receivers. See trust.es.

Reflorsy not chargeable for curates7 salaries. ft 7.

Removal of parties, notice of. ft 74.

Repayments, to parties overe.arged, f. 61.

Rejidents, in various parishes, &c. how to give notice, f. 74.

To deliver statements in each place, or a declaration, f. 75.

How to be relieve..on double afTeffinent. f. 76.

Schedules. See statements.

Sheris.'s, how to summon grand jurors, ft 11. 14.

South sea company, commissioners to be ap” pointed by. f. 17, 18. no.

Stamp duties, certain proceedings free from, ft 86.

Statements, Gfc. to be delivered by householders on notice from affiefs.ors. f. 38. (or schedule., on precept from commis.ioners. f. 52.; or commercial commis.ioners. f. 98.

Maybe correct.ed. f. 54. 57.

- Time for delivering may be enlarged, f. 56.

To be delivered by persons appealing, f. 60.

By officers of corporations, f. 90.

Form of statements, schedule B. 3 of schedule, schedule D.

Surveyors and infpefiors. (See oath.)

May insped.t commis.ioners7 books, f. 50.

May examine lifts, statements, and aftess.-ments: and sure.arge fame, on notice to parties, &c. f. 60.

May examine parish rates, lifts of jurors, and accounts of corporations, f. 62.

May apply for revifton of statements. f. 52.

Such applie.tions may be disallow.d. f. 53; lubjedt to appeal, f. 71.

May appeal against afiefs.ent. f. 64; or demand a cafe. f. 65.

How to be paid for their trouble, f. 48.

Tenants at rack rent, how to be assessed. f. 94 j and schedule A. cafe 11, See. In Scotland, f. 94.

Timber or <ivoodsy income from, how to be estimated, schedule A. I. cafe 10.

Tovjer division. commissioners how to be appointed for. f. 20.

Traders and tracting.corporations, may be aflefied by commercial commis.ioners. ft 96, See.

(See commercial commis.ioners.)

Trust.es, agents, receivers, See. lifts to be

. delivered by. f. 38. 42, 43. 55.

Where to be affiesse.t. f. 74.

To pay the duties, and retain the amount. f/91.

Tythes, income arising from, how to be estimated, schedule A. I. cafe 9. 12.

Witnesse., before commercial commissioners, to be examined apart, f. 98.

When not compeliable.to answer. f. 59*

Woods. See timber.

C A P.

 CjOO^Ic

179^• 3 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14,  125

CAP. XIV.

An act for exempting, during the present war, certain persons,y5rz/-/Vzg in volunteer corps, from being bailot.ed for the supple.cntary militia, under certain conditions ;  making out new lifts of

men liable toserve.in thesaid.militia.—[January 9, 1799*]

WHEREAS £}' aft, pajfed in the thirty seventh year of the Preamble.

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ad for providing 37 Geo. 3. an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exereis.d in c* 3* the manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the fame to be embodied, in cafe of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms 3 all persons serving in any corps of volunteers raised by virtue of an aft, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present.Majesty, intituled, An ad for encouraging and 34- Geo. 3. disciplining such corps or companies of men as (hall voluntarily c* 3r> and enrol themselyes.for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war, and who should have been duly enrolied.in such corps on or before the twentieth day of Odober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, are exempted from being liable to serve per finally, or to provide a subs.itute, in the said Jiipplementary militia to be raijed by virtue of the said firs.-recited aft: and whereas it will be conducive to the further fe.curiiy and defence of these kingdoms, that the said exemption should, under certain conditions, be extended to all volunteers raised, or to be raised, under the said lajl-mentioned aft, or under an aft, made in the lajl fejjion of parhame.t, intituled, An ad to enable his Majesty more esse.tually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war; and for indemnifying persons who may fufFer in their property, by such measures as may be necefTary for that purpose: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s moll excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority of the fame, That in every cafe where any volunteer corps of in- Perfons en-fantry or cavalry, raised under the said ads pasted in the thirty-fourth and thirty-seven.h years of the reign of his present COrpS raise.t Majesty, or under either of the said ads, ihall consent and under the ads agree, in manner herein-after mentioned, when calied.out, to of the 34th place itself under the command of any general officer within the military district where such corps may be formed, to serve in any part of the said district in cafe of actual invaficn, or of the not, on ccr-actual.appearance of the enemy on the coast, or of the danger tain con.lief invasion being fo imminent as to make it advise.ble for the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any of them, to give orders provideas.b* for the removal of cattle, corn, or any other articles which may dilute in the be of advantage to the enemy, or uses.l to the publick krvice, hipplemen--in the manner mentioned in the said last.rnentioned ad, or (hall tarF consent and agree, or (hall have contented and agreed, to any

other 

Geo. 3 c. zy, recited.

126 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c, 14. [1798,

other more extenlive conditions of service, all and every the persons enrolied, or to be enrolied, and serving in such corps, shall be exempted from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a substitute to serve, in the said supplementary militia.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That such consent of any such corps of volunteers to the terms and conditions of service herein-before mentioned, or to any other more extensive conditions of service, shall be certified under the hand of the commanding officer- thereof, and that such certifie.te (hall be added to the muster roll herein-after mentioned, and shall, together with such muster roll, be transmitted by such commanding officer to the lieutenant of the county or place where such corps shall be raised ; and that the consent of each person hereast.r to be enrolied.in such corps to the terms and condi-the consent of tions of service fo agreed to by such corps, {hall be signisi.d to persons here- the commanding officer thereof, under the hand of every such.

Consent.of the corps to the conditions to be certified by the commanding officer, and added to the muster roll, and trans.miited to the county lieutenant, and

person.respectively, at the time of his enrolment in such corps; and that such consent shall thereupon, in every such cafe, be certified by such commanding officer, together with the return of the enrolment of such person, to the lieutenant of the county

after enrolied.to be signisi.d to the commanding officer, &c.

The names of or place where such corps shall be raised, or to such person as may be appointed by such lieutenant to receive such certifie.tes,.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That the names of all such volunteers, now enrolied.and serving in any such corps, shall be entered on a muster roll, a copy of which shall be transmitted to the lieutenant of the county on or before the tenth day of February next, signed by the commanding officer of the corps or company to which such volunteers shall belong; and that monthly returns, specifying the enrolment of all such persons as may after the passing of this act be enrolied.in any such corps, shall be, in like manner, transmitted by the commanding officer after the paf- thereof to such lieutenant, or to some person appointed by him fmgofthisaft, to receive the fame; and that all such muster rolls and returns shall be certified by such lieutenant, or other person as-aforesaid.

volunteers now enrolied.to be entered on a muster roll, and transmitted ro the. county lieutenant, by Feb. io, 1799; anc* monthly returns of persons enrolied.

to the clerk of the general meetings of the lieutenancy, within

to be transmitted, in

like manner,  _  .  .

and certified ten days after they shall have been fo transmitted ; and the said bytheJieute- clerk of the general meeting is hereby required forthwith to cler^o/the tranim^t copies thereof to the several subdivision meetings holden general meet- f°r t^le PurP°fe of hearing appeals against the militia lift returned ing, who shall from each paristi.

fend copies to IV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That fresh the fubdivi- muster rolls shall, in the present and every future year, be transmitted in the like manner to the lieutenant of the ^county, or other person authorised as aforesaid to receive the fame, on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, and shall be certified by him to the clerk of the general meeting thereof by the fist. day mined yearly Gf January following, in the manner and for the purposes herein-l^menants1^ before mentioned; and that the commanding officer fo trans.and certified mitting the fame, shall annex thereto a certifie.te signed by him-bythemrothe self, certifying that he has not, to the bed of his knowledge'and clerks o( the belief, inserted in the said muster roll the name of any person general meet-  who

fion meetings for hearing appeals.

Mufter rolls to be trans.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14.  127

who has not, since the date of the palling of this acI, (or since ing*> ar,d the the date of his enrolment, if the fame shall have been posterior  ^

to the palling of this abl), duly attended at the exereis. of the annex a certi-corps, unless prevented by sickness; or by such other sufficient ficate that the 'reason.as shall have been duly allowed by the commanding persons inofficer; and no person shall at any time be entitled to claim  ^

such.exemption as aforesaid, unless his name shall be found attended ex-^ either oil the lad muster rolls which shall have been fo rranf- ercife. mitted and certified as aforesaid, or on some monthly return No person to which shall be poderior thereto.  be entitled to

V.  And be it further enabled, That no person shall.

titled to claim such exemption as aforesaid by reason of his en- commanding rolment and service in any corps of volunteers, unless the com-officer certify manding officer thereof shall, at the times of transmitting the that the corps muster rolls of such corps in manner aforesaid, certify at the foot thereof that such corps has been infpebted at lead once in the 3 months, by space of the three months immediately preceding the date there- a general or of, by some general or field officer of his Majesty’s regular field officer, foroes, or, if such inflee.ion shall not have taken place, that ^ad^tobe such corps is ready and willing to be fo infpebfed, at lead twice jnfpdcded in the fix months immediately following, at its usual place of Copies of cer-places and times of meeting; copies of which certifie.tes shall tihc.nes to be be certified by such lieutenant to the clerk of the general meet-certified to . in£, and by him to the subdivision meetings, together with the-the cl<\rk muster rolls.  .  .  Sings.

VI.  And, ivith a view to the letter execution of this aft, be

it further enabled, That his Majedy’s lieutenants of the several County lieu*

tenants to 5 transmit.

counties and places in Great Britain, shall, once in every yea transmit to one of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries of date, an yearly to a abftrabl of the several muder rolls fo transmitted to them re- iecretary of fpeblively within the year; which abdrabt shall express, the date, an ab-names of the several corps, the number of persons enrolied.and m^fterrof^ serving therein resp.blively, their conditions of service, and whether the fame have been infpebted, or are willing to be in-fpebled, as aforesaid.

VII.  And be it further enabled. That muder rolls, returns, Muller roils,

and certifie.tes, resp.blively.made up, returned, and certified,  fbe

according to the several forms thereof, A, B, C, and D, an- ed^r inst.u~ nexed to this abl, shall be deemed to be sufficient and valid for meats of a the purposes of the fame; but that if, from any'variation of cir- similar.m-cumdane.s, or other reason, these forms should not be dricfly P°rt’to be adhered to, indruments of a similar import may nevertheless be aeemeci va [ # deemed sufficient for the purposes aforesaid.

VIII.  And whereas it may be necessary, in consequene. of the pro- • vise.ns of this aft, to make our new lifts of men liable to jerve in the

said..pplementary militia, be it further enabled, That the lieute- At the first nant, together with two deputy lieutenants, or (on the death or"^|e?^f^rmeet* removal or in the absene. of the lieutenant) any three deputy lieutenants of every county, riding, or place, shall, in the man - ad, and in ner direbled by the said fird-recited abl, at the fird general ev^T future meeting to be holden after the palling of this act, cause full and j*^gr,0”^e

correbt1

128

men liable to serve in the fiipplemen-tary militia, to be made out; and out of which the subdivision meetings to cause the number wanting to be bailot.ed for.

Continuance of ad.

Anno regni tricesimo nonoGEORGii III. c. 14. [1798.

correct lifts to be made out of all persons liable to serve in the said supplement.rv militia, for file. county, riding, or place, and in every future year shall in like manner make out new lifts, or cause the former lifts to be amended by adding new names thereto, and striking out the names of persons not liable to be bailot.ed for the said supplementary militia, as the said lieutenant and deputy lieutenants respectively shall think proper; and the said deputy lieutenants shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, at their respective subdivision meetings, out of the lifts which (hall fo from time to time be made out, to cause the number of men to be bailot.ed for which (hall be wanting to complete the said supplementary militia.

IX. And be it enabled. That this a£t (hall have continuance during the present war, and no longer.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14.

FORMS referred to in the above ACT.

A.

FORM of muster rolls and certifie.tes, to be transmitted by the commanding officers of volunteer corps to the lieutenant of the county or place, on or before the tenth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, in that and every succeeding year.

CO

(S’

3

CD •4 CX.

a

o

3

3

pa

3

Q-

5*

m

O

a

n

CD

^ M — >-i - >0 00**i +>. C*J m 1 2 O, ^ ^ H O 1 C  

O &i Cl  tt*r*s b  2;  CJ  3  f6

*• vg  When  enrolied.

  2;  0

  Name.

  When  enrolied.

  2  0

  1 Name.

  When  enrolied.

  No.

  2;  3  p

  When  enrolied.

  2  0

  Name.

  When  enrolied.

/  2  c

  Name.

  When  enrolied.

d

XA

H

$ F

3 O

CD {—) CD L *-t h—1

c/i

zr

CD

n

o

3 3 g T3

CD -r-i cn c/i 3

CD

P-

pa

3

Ou

<t

5‘

CTQ

3*

3"

CD

2

v>‘ s

s

vH.

CD*

CD

c

CD

3

pa

3

HT*

CD

O

•-*>

vol, xlh.

K

CERTIFICATE.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14. [1798. CERTIFICATE.

1^ K. L. commanding officer of the  do

hereby certify, in pursuance of an ad of parhame.t, passed in the thirty*ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for exempting, during the present war, certain persons, serving in volunteer corps, from being bailot.ed for the supplementary militia, under certain conditions ; and for making out new lijls of men liable to serve in the said militia; that the conditions of fer-vice agreed to by the said corps of  are  as

follows; videlicet, That the said corps has consented, (herespecify.the conditions of service.; and that all and every the per Tons named in the above muster roll have duly signisi.d to me, (or other commanding officer of the corps), their consent thereto,

[AT*. B. The following paragraph is to be omitted in the mujler roll to be sent on or before the tenth of February one thousand

, seven hundred and ninety-nine; but is to be infer ted in all those to be trans.iued on or before the twenty-fourth of December in each year].

(And I do further certify, That I have not, to the best of my knowledge and belief, inserted, or caused to be inserted, in the above muster roll, containing {specify.the number) names, the name of any person who has not, since the date of the passing the said ad of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, [or since the date of his enrolment, if the fame has been posterior to the passing iho fnid aft], duly attended at the exereis. of the corps, unless prevented by sickness, or by such other fuss.-cient reason as hath been duly allowed by me, or by the commanding officer of the corps for the time being).

And I do further certify, That the said corps (hath, in the course of the three months immediately preceding the date hereof, been insped.d by A. B. general (or field) officer in his Majesty’s service., or, (hath not within the last three months been insped.d in the manner required by the said ad:, but is ready and willing to be fo insped.d, as in the said ad is provided.)

Dated the  17

Signed,

K. L. Commanding Officer.

form

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14-

B.

FORM of consent of each person hereast.r to be enrolied.in any corps of volunteers, to the conditions of service thereof.

To -S’. L. commanding officer of the  of  volunteers.

I,  C. D. having enrolied.myself in the said corps, do hereby consent and engage myself to the conditions of service thereof, videlicet, [here specify the conditions of service, either in the words of this aft) or otherwtfe, as the cafe may be].

Signed C.D.

Dated  the  17

c.

FORM of monthly return and certifie.te of volunteer corps, to be transmitted bv the commanding officer thereof to the lieutenant of the county or place.

To A. B. his Majesty’s lieutenant for the  of

MONTHLY RETURN of the  of  com-

manded by

Colonel. I  Lieut. Colonel, j  1 Major. |  Captains. j  [ Captain Lieut, j  Lieutenants. j  Cornets. |  | Ensigns. |  | Quarter Masters.}  | Serjeants. |  Corporals.  Trumpeters, |  Drummers. |  Fifers. |  Privates. |  Enrolied.6ince last return.    Discharged or dead since last return..  

                              No.  Names.  No.  Names.

                                  -    -

Signed,  K,  L.  Commanding  Officer.

I,  K* L. commanding officer of the  do  hereby

certify, that the several persons whose names are herein contained, as enrolied.in the said corps since the last return thereof, have duly signisi.d to me [or other commanding officer of the corps), under their hands, their consent to the conditions of service thereof.

k 2  ABSTRACT

132

Preamble.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. 15. [1798.

D.

ABSTRACT of muster rolls to be yearly transmitted by the lieutenants of counties, &c. to one of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries of (late.

To M. N. one of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries of state.

ABSTRACT of muster rolls of volunteer corps within the of r received by me 0. P. his Majesty’s lieutenant for the fame, since the  day of  in the year

No.  Names and description of corps.  Number of persons enrolied, and lerv-ing therein.  Conditions of Service.  When inspected, or if willing to be fo, as required by the a<ft 39 Geo. HI.

1  Gentlemen & Yeomanry.  60.  As required in the a<St 39 Geo. III.  Infpe&ed OS. %5> 1799*

2  Infantry.  IOO.  Within the (aid town only.  Not infpetsted, but willing to be fo.

3  Ditto.  70.  Tn any part of Great Britain.  Ditto.

Sec.  Sec.  See.  Sec.  Sec.

CAP. XV,

An a51 to continue, until the twenty-firs. day of May one thousand 7even hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the lajl fejfim of parhame.t, intituled, An a6t to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty (hall fuisped. are con-spiring.against his person and government.—[January 9,1799*]

<v

WHEREAS an a5l was pajfed in the lajl fess.on of parhame.t, intituled. An a£t to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against: his person and government, which a5i was to continue in force until the firs. d.ay of February one thousand seven hundred and n'mety-nine, and no longs* : and whereas it is necejfary for the pub• lick safety that the proviso.s of the said a5l Jhould be further continued: and for the better preservation theres.re of his Majessy.s sacred person, and for securing the peace of the kingdom, and the laius and liberties thereof be it enabled by the King’s moll excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spirit.al

1798,] Anno rd^nl tricesimo nono Georgii 1IL c. 15.  133

spirit.al and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority of the fame, That every person Perfons im-or persons that are or shal 1 be in prison within the kingdom ^^^reason.* Great Britain at or upon the day on which this a£t (hall receive &£ be * his Majesty’s royal assent, or after, by warrant of his said Ma- detained till jest.’s most honourable privy couneil, signed by fix of the said May21,1799, privy couneil, for high treason, suspicion of high treason, or treasonable practices, or by warrant, signed by any of his Ma-jest.’s seer.taries of ft ate, for such causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe custody, without bail or mainprize, until the twenty-firs. day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that no judge or justice of the peace shall bail or try any such person or persons fo committed, without order from his said Majesty’s privy couneil, till the said twenty-firs. day of May one thousand Seven hundred and ninety-nine; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.  And be it further enacct.d. That the a<£l made in Scotland A& in Scot-in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, intituled, An act for preventing ivrongous imprisonment, and against wro^gou^”1^ undue delays in trials^ in sofar as the fame may be construed to relate imprison.

to cases.of treason and suspicion of treason, be suspended until the ment, sofar.

said.twenty-firs. day of May one thousand seven hundred and ™ea^J*ate

ninety-nine; and that until the said day no judge, justice of the

peace, or other officer of the law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, till May 21,

or admit to bail, any person or persons that is, are, or shall be, 1799, &c.

in prison within.Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid,' without

order from his Majesty’s privy couneil, signed by fix of the said From M^iy21,

privy couneil.  commfttedTo

III.  Provided always, That, from and after the said twenty- have the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, benefit of all the said persons fo committed shall have the benefit and advan-

tage of all laws and statutes any way relating to or providing for ][ber°y Jf^he the liberty of the subj.bls of this realm.  subject, &c.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Privileges of

this a(51 shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient parhame.t rights and privileges in parhame.t, or to the imprisonment or *Jot  -

detaining of any member of either house of parhame.t, during ^te ^ lis the fitting of such parhame.t, until the matter of which he

stands.fuspec.ted be first communie.ted to the house of which he is a member, and the consent of the said house obtained for his commitment or detaining.  Perfons

V.  Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons in against whom prison at the time of passing this a£l, against whom any bill or

bills of indictment for high treason have been already formed, foi are already shall and may be tried on the fame indict.ment, as if this a<5l had formed, to be never palied.  tried thereon.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That this pres.nt a£t (hall Continuance

continue in force until the said twenty-firs. day of May one thou-  a(^*

and seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer.

K 3

C A P.

134 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 16—19. [1798.

CAP. XVI.

An ad to revive and continue, until thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, An ad, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majelty, chapter seven.y-fix, videlicet. On the seventeenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, intituled, An ad for establishing courts of judicature in the iiland of Newfoundland, and the ifiands adjacent.—[January 9, 1799.]

CAP. XVII.

An ad to indemnify such persons, as have omitted to qualify themselve. for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifie.tions within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify members and of-ficers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be damped according to law, or having been damped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide admissions duly damped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to allow to such persons who have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or seryan.s, until the twenty-second.day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine for payment of the fame: to indemnify at-tornies who have omitted to enter their certifie.tes according to law, and for allowing them until the first day of East.r term, to enter the fame with the proper officer; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negleet.d to tranimit.e-feriptions of their qualifie.tions to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that pur-pcie, until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.—[January 9, 1799-]

CAP. XVIII.

An ad for rafsing.a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service.f the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. —[March 7, 1799.]

Commissioner. of the treasury may raise 3,ooo,oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before the first of May, 1799, like manner as is pre-feribed by the malt ad of this session coneer.ing loans, See. The chuses, &c. in the said ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo iftued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before July 5, 1799- Adion not to lie for refusa.. Principal and interect, with charges, to be repaid out of instalments specified in such bills not later than May, June, and July, on any loan of this session, or on 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. and if the instalments paid before Nov. ao, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the confo-lidated fund. Monies fo iftued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advane. the said sum on the credit of this ad; notwife.standing.the ad 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Mariae, c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. XIX.

An ad for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine foroes.while on shore, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred.— [March ax, j799.]

CAP.

He ' Dy 

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii HI. c. 20.  135

CAP. XX.

An act for punishin.mutiny and  desert.on-, and for the payment of the

army and their quarters. [March 21, 1799.]

[I Number of foroes.52,0519 including 5,766 invalids.

XLVI. And whereas it may sometimes become necessary, in cases.of emergene., to provide proper and speedy means for the carriage and conveyance not only cf the arms, clothes, accoutrements, tents, baggage, and other equipage of and belonging to his Majessy.s foroes.in their marches, but also of the officers, fo Liters, few ants, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to such foroes: and whereas it is expect.ent that provision Jkould be made for ensor.eing prompt obedience to such orders as his Majesty may in such cases.think fit to ijsue.in pursuance of the powers by law vefed in him for the advane.ment of the general good and publick welfare of the real?n; be it theres.re further enatsted.by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall be law- I*1 cases.of ful for his Majesty, by his order, dist.n£fly dating that such cafe the^^etar of emergene. doth exist, signisi.d by the seer.tary at war for at wars by the time being to any general or field officer commanding his order of his Majesty’s foroes.in any district or place, or to the commissary Majesty, may general of stores and provisions at home, to authorise such gene-ral or field officer, or commissary general as aforesaid, by field officer writing under his hand, reciting such order of his said Majesty, or the com-to require all justices of the peace within their several counties, mifiary gene-ridings, divisions, cities, liberties, and precimfts in England, ^jores Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, to issue his or their fions^tcTre-warrant or warrants for any of the purposes herein-after men- quire justices tioned; and such justice or justices (hall, when and as osten.as to issue war-such.requis.tion in writing as last mentioned shall be brought  Saddle

and shewn unto any one or more of such justices, by the quar-  e

ter master, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, detach-four wheelect.ment, troop or company, fo ordered to be conveyed, or by any carriages, let officer in the department of the said commissary general, to issue out his or their warrant or warrants to the constables, or petty use.^ri cana]s constables, of the county, division, riding, city, liberty, hundred or navigable and precin£I, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, rivers, with detact.me.t, troop, or company shall be fo ordered to be con- j^er^egnd veyed, requiring them to make such provision not only of waggons, wains, and carts kept by or belonging to any person or  °nto

persons, and for any use or purpose whatsoever, but also of fad-  warrauts

die horses, coaches, chaises and other four wheelect.carriages for providing usually let to hire, or kept for that purpose ; and also of boats, them, specify.barges, and other vefleis, used for the carriage of coals, stone,thf,

i« 0  r \  1  t^ncc tncy 31 c

lime, manure, or of goods, wares or merchandizes, or any other to g0# articles or commodity whatsoever, upon any canal or navigable river, with able men and horses to drive, navigate, and draw the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said warrant or warrants therein specifying the place or distane. to which such horses,

'  - K 4  carriages.

136  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 20. [1798.

carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels and men {hall go, and be conveyed, and allowing such constables sufficient time to make such provision, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen; and in cafe such sufficient carriages, horses, boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, cannot be provided within any such county, riding, division, hundred, city, liberty, or precindf, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the next county, riding, division, city, liberty, or precin£t, {hall, upon such requisition in writing as last: aforesaid being brought or {hewn to any one or more of them, by any osith. officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant or warrants to the constables, or petty constables, of such next county, riding, city, liberty, di-vifton, hundred or precind, for the purposes last aforesaid, to Officers de-  make Up such deficiency; and the aforesaid officer or officers

t^paylor  who, by virtue of the aforesaid warrant or warrants from the

their hire such justice or justices of the peace, are to demand the carriages, sums as the  horses, boats, barges, or other vessels therein mentioned, of the

constable, or petty constable, to whom the said warrant or warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the fame time to pay down in hand to the said constable, or petty constable, for the use of the person or persons who (hall provide such carriages, horses, boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, such reasonable sum and furns of money as the said justice or justices which in such shall in and by his or their said warrant or warrants order and cases.are not direct, not exceeding the usual rate and hire of such and the like carriages, horses, boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, according to the length of the journey or voyage in each particular cafe, but making no allowane. for post horse duty, or turnpike, canal, river or lock tolls (which duty or tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like cases, for any such carriages, horses, boats, barges and other vessels, whilst employ.d.in such service or returning theres.om); for which said respect.ive sum and sums fo received, the said constable, or petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in stamp. and to writing, but without any stamp, to the person or persons paying order the the fame ; and such constable, or petty constable, (hall order and be Dro ^d*"0 aPP°^nt *uch Peff°n or persons having such horses, carriages, ^  *  boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, within their respect.tfe

liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnisti.such horses, carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, according to the warrant or warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and it shall and may be laws.l in such cases, to and for all and every military officer and officers, for the use of whom, or of whose regiment, detact.me.t, troop or company, such horses, carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels, shall be provided in such cases, to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the fame respectively, not only the arms, cloaths, accoutrements, baggage, tents, and other equipage of such regiment, detact.me.t, troop, or company, but also the officers, soidlers, seryan.s, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to the

fame;

justice. shall dire£t,not exceeding the usual rates, but making no allowane. for post horse duty or tolls,

demandable.

Constables.to give a receipt without

Military officers may convey on them arms, clothes, accoutrements, baggage, equipage, officers,soidlers, seryan.s, women, children, and other person..

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 20.  137

fame;'any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-withstanding.: but if any such officer or officers shall force and Penalty on constrain any horse, carriage, boat, barge, or other veil'd, to ^gho^fe^&c. tray.l or proceed beyond the distane. or place to be allowed and to tray.l be- * specified in such warrant or warrants, without the special licence yond the dif-or order of one or more other such justice or justices of the ta^ce *Peci-peace in that belial., and which licence or order one or more of such justices is and are hereby authorised and required to give cence# and make at his and their reasonable disere.ion, every such officer for every such offence shall fors.it the sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty’s justices of the peace of the fame county or riding, division, city, liberty, or precind, who are to certify the fame to the paymaster general, or other respective paymaster.of his Majesty’s foroes, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds, according to the order and appointment under the hands and seals of the aforesaid justices of the peace of the lame county, riding, division, city, liberty, or precind, and who is hereby empowered to dedud the fame out of such officer’s pay.

LV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and de- Clatife for dared by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of March one thousand seven hundred and enlisting ninety-nine, when and as oftert as any person or persons shall themselve.. be enlisted as a soldier or soidlers.in his Majesty’s land service, . hq or they shall within four days, but not sooner than twenty-four hours, after such inlisting.respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding,city, or place, or chies.magistrate of any city or town corporate, (not being an officer in the army) and before such justice or chies.magistrate he or they (hall be at liberty to declare his or their distent to such in-listing.; and upon such declaration, and returning the inlisting.money, and also each person fo dilTenting paying the sum of twenty (hillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons fo infilied.shall be forthwith discharged and fet at liberty, in the presene. of such justice or chies.magistrate; but if such person or persons shall refuse.r negleet. within Such persons the space of twenty-four hours, to return and pay such money as ^one^ aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as within the if he or they had given his or their assent thereto before the laid limited time, justice or chies.magistrate ; or if such person or persons shall de- to be deemed dare his or their having voluntarily infilied.himself or them- which cafe lelyes, then such justice or chies.magistrate (hall, and he is hereby or if they en* required forthwith to read over, or in his own presene. cause to 1 i ft, t h e j a ft ices be read over to such person or persons the second and sixth fee- to reac- ovtr tions of the articles of war against: mutiny and desertion, and to ^^iul^th6 tender and administer to such person or persons respectively, not fcc°rions of the only the oath of fidelity mentioned in the said articles of war, articles of but also the oath mentioned in the schedule to this ad annexed, war, and to marked (A.); and if such person or persons shall take the said oaths, then such justice or chies.magistrate (hall and he is hereby in feheduk required forthwith to certify under his hand the inlisting.and.(A)

(wearing

138

Jufiices to certify the inlifiment in the form in fehedule (B.)

Such persons refuting to take the oath of fidelity may hz confined.

Penalty on officers acting contrary hereto.

Anno regni tricelimo nono Georgia III. c. 20. [1798.

swearing, together with the place of the birth, age, and calling, if known, of such person or persons, in the form mentioned in the schedule to this aft annexed, marked (B.); and if any such person or persons, fo to be certified, (hall wilfully refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or thies.magistrate, it shall and may be laws.l for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such per-fon or persons until he or they shall take the said oath of fidelity; and every military officer that shall aft contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like penalty and fors.iture as is by this aft to be infiisted.upon any officer for making a false and untrue muster; and the penalty and fors.iture shall be levied and recovered in the fame manner as any penalties or fors.itures are by this aft to be levied or recovered.

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

FORM of OATH.

Ido make oath, that I am by trade a  and,

to the bed of my knowledge and belief, was born in the parish of  in the county of  and  that  I  have  no

rupture, nor ever was troubled with fits, and am no ways dif-abled by lameness, or otherwise, but have the perse.t use of my limbs; that I am not an apprentice, and that I do not belong to the militia, or to any other regiment, or to his Majesty’s navy or marines.  ,

As witness my hand at  the  day  of

one thousand seven hundred and ninety Sworn before me at this  day  of  179

Witnefs present.

(B.)

FORM OF JUSTICES CERTIFICATES.

t I T i & one of his Majesty’s judices of the peace of ° W1 '3 X  (or  chies. magistrate of  )  certify.

That C. D. aged  years  feet  inches  high

complexion  eyes  hair,  came  before

me at  on  the  day of  179  and  ac-

knowledged that he had voluntarily inlisted.himself to serve his majesty King George the Third, in the  regiment  of

commanded by  and  I  further  certify  that  in

my presene., the second and sixth sections of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion were read over to him, and that he took the oath of fidelity mentioned in the said articles of war, and also the oath above fet forth.

A. B.

Videlicet, the oath mentioned in the schedule marked (, b j

C A P.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21.  139

CAP. XXI.

An aft to amend and render more esse.tual two afts, pafifed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majefy's reign and the present fefTion of parhame.t, for the redemption and pure.ase of the land tax.—[March 21, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expect.ent to make provision for facilitating Preamble.

the redemption of the land tax by bishop., and other eccles.ajli-cal persons, and by all corporations; and also to explain and amend two afts, pa fed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majeffs reign and the present fefion of parhame.t, for the redemption and pure.ase of the land tax: be it theres.re enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much and such of the provisions of an ad, made in the last session of parhame.t, intituled, An act for making perpetual, subject to 38 Geo. 3. c. redemption and pure.ase in the manner therein fated, the fever al6a% sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety'eight and of another ad, made in the present session of parhame.t, intituled, An aft to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax, and to explain and amend an aft, made in the laf session of parhame.t, intituled, 4 An act for making perpetual, 39 Geo. 3. c. subject to redemption and pure.ase in the manner therein fated, the 6* fever a I sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eights.as require that the commissioners ap- So much of pointed, or to be appointed, for carrying the said ads into exe- ^utres^lie18 cution, should consent to and approve of the sale of any manors, farSicm, &c. messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in England, ofthee.mmis.thereby respectively authorised to be fold for the redemption of fioners to the land tax, and also that such sales (hall be by publick auction be-^re^j^^®n fore the said commissioners, or by private contract, according to land tax & an estimate made and veris.ed upon oath, and also such provisions [fee 38 Geo. as require that a schedule should be produced, and one month’s 3* c- 60. f. 19, notice in writing given to the said commissioners previously to *g any such sale, and also all luch other provisions as require the Qe’0 3 sand.bn, direction, authority, or concurrene. of the said com - f. 35. 38.42, mi/fibners, to any sale to be made by virtue of the said ads, fo 43h repealed* far as such reftridive provisions, or any of them, relate to any fates^o tends manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in Eng- 0f bodies pols.land, belonging to any bodies politick or corporate, or com-tick or cor-panies, in the said ads mentioned, which now are or hereast.r porate.

(hall be in their own occupation, or let to tenants at will, or from year to year, or for any term of years, or which (hall be leased.upon or be subject to any demise for years absolute, or for years determinable on lives, for which a fine or premium was or (hall be paid, or for lives, where a rent was or shall be reserved, or a fine or premium paid, shall, from and immediately after the pafiing of this ad, be, and the fame are hereby repealed,

II.  And

140

Seven com-miiTioners (being members of the privy couneil., may be appointed, by the King, for regelating such Tales by corporations.

Two to be sufficient to any a<f>.

Their oath.

AH such Tales by corporations (hall be made under the direction of the com-missioner. for the purposes of this a<5!, of whom two at leal!, shall be parties to the idle.

Corporations shall do all file. acts for com pit ting

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798*

II.  And be it further enact.ed, That it shall be laws.l for his Majessy, his heirs and successors, from time to time, by letters patent under the great sea. of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint seven persons (being respect.ively members of fiis Majesty’s mod honourable privy couneil. to be commissioners for the purposes of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all such sales, and contracts for sale, which shall be made by such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, for the purpose of redeeming any land tax charged on all or any of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, whether in their own occupation, or let or demised as aforesaid; and that any two or more of such persons may do any ad!, matter, or thing, which by this ad! the laid persons are authorised to do.

III.  And be it further enacted. That every commissioner specially to be appointed for the purposes of this ad!, before he shall enter upon the execution of his office, shall take an oath to the esse.t following; (that is to fay),

c T A* B. do swear, That I will faiths.lly, impartially, and JL honestly, according to the best of my (kill and judgement, execute the several powers and trusts reposed in me by an ad! of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled, An aft [here insert the title of this a£l]y according to the tenor and purport of the said ad!.

So help me GOD/

Which oath shall and may be administered by any one of the persons named to be a commissioner to any other or others of them.

IV.  And be it further enact.ed. That all sales which shall be made from and after the palling of this ad!, by any such bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforesaid, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to them, whether in poss.ssion, or let or leased, upon or subject to any such demise as aforesaid, shall be made by and under the direct.ion and authority of the commissioners to be appointed for the purpose of executing this ad! ; and such sales (hall, when approved and confirmed by the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, be as valid and esse.tual, in all respect.s, as if the fame had been made and executed in the manner, and under and according to the several reftrids.ons and regulations mentioned in the laid recited acts : provided always, That no such sale {hall be valid and esse.tual unless two at leaf! of the said commissioners, to be appointed for the purposes of this ad!, {hall certify their content thereto and approbation thereof, by signing and {baling the fame as parties thereto.

V.  Provided also, and be it further enact.ed, That all such bodies politick or corporate, and companies, who shall be desirous of making any such sale or sales as aforesaid, (hall do and execute

^  all

179^*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c.  141

all such afts, matters, and things, for completing such Tales as Tales as the aforesaid, as the said commissioners, to be appointed for the pur-poses.of this aft, (hall from time to time require; and all and p^rchas.* ■every the pure.asers of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, ers shall \y\y or hereditaments, which {hall be fold by the direction and under money into the authority of the said commissioners to be appointed for the j^ba:former purposes of this aft, (hall pay their respective pure.ase monies a(cj-s# into the bank of England, and do all such other afts, matters, and things, as by the said acts are required to be done by pure.asers of estates under the authority of the fame,

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That hot- EcclefiafUcal withstanding any thing in the said first recited aft contained, Pe^°^s^c* requiring the confirmation of certain bodies and persons to the fajcs w-ltk sale of any estates belonging to spiritual and ecclesiastical bodies the consent of or persons, no further or other consent, authority, approbation, commis.ioners' or confirmation, {hall be required to enable such Tales by any  ^  ^6©*

spirit.al or ecciefiasti.al bodies politick or corporate, whether aggregate or foie, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax finem.] charged upon all or any of his or their estates, than such consent, authority, approbation, or confirmation, of the commis.iioners to be appointed for the purposes of this aft, as is hereby required.

, VII. And be it further enacted, That if the statement made to the said commis.ioners for executing the purposes of this aft, contracts*" by any bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforesaid, for such Tales respecting any such contracts.for sale or intended Tales as afore- are not satis.said, or the value of the estate or estates proposed to be fold, {hall f^story.to the not be satisfactory to the said commis.ioners, it shall be laws.l e^Sejnnay for them to require such information to be given them respecting require mfor-any matters or things relating to any such contracts.or Tales as mation on the they shall deem necelTary, and to receive any affidavits or depofi- subj.ft, and tions to be made before any commissioners or persons who are  0’

or {hall be authorised to take affidavits in causes depending in any made before of the courts at Weftmins.er, or before anyjustice.of the peace, commilTioners respecting any such matters or things relating to any such con- taking tract or sale as aforesaid, which affidavits or depositions any two one jhiitice of of such commissioners, or any one justice, or other person afore- the peace, said, is and are hereby empowered to administer.

VJII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners Commission.to be appointed for the purposes of this aft, shall and may em- ^feT^ctary5 ploy a seer.tary, and all such other officers and persons as may officers, &c. be necessary; and {hall and may, from time to time, at their disere.ion, dismiss and discharge such seer.tary, or other officers and persons, and appoint others in their place.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be laws.l for the The fabries lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or any three or °f seer.tary, more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to ^ces'of order and dires. any sum or sums of money to be issued and paid coJ^mission.out of any aids or supplies granted, or to be granted by parlia- ers, to be ment, for the service of the year in which such expences dial! be paid by the incurred, for the payment of {salaries to such seer.tary and. officers,treaiui >’•

and

142

Land tax redeemed by bilhops, &c

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

and for discharging such incidental expences as shall necessarily be incurred by the said commissioners in the execution of this act, in such manner as the said lords commis.ioners, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer, shall from time to time think fit and reasonable in that belial..

X. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to any

to be in future bishop or other ecclesiastical corporation, shall be fold in purs.-

conlidered an additional yearly rent, and the pre-sent.and all future demises, of the lands.

In cafe of failure of payment of instalments by pure.asers on such sales, the selle., his executors, fuc-cess.rs, &c. shall not be liable to any

ance of this act, the land tax redeemed thereby shall be confider-ed as yearly rent payable to such bishop or ecclesiastical corporation, his and their successors, over and above the reserved rent if any, during the demise existing at the time of such sale, and shall be recovered and paid as such; and the land tax fo redeemed shall, in all future demises of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, be added to the ancient and ac-custom.d yearly rent reserved or made payable during the terms granted by such demises, and (hall be reserved and made payable as such accustomed yearly rent, during the terms to be granted as aforesaid, and (hall be recovered and recoverable as such accustomed rent, by the like remedies as such bishops or other ecclesiastical corporations may use for the recovery of the ancient and accustomed rent reserved upon such demise..

XI. And be it further enabled, That when on any sale of any ‘ manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments to be made by any such person, body, corporation, or company, by virtue of this act, it shall be agreed, that the pure.ase money shall be paid by instalments, and the purebase. or pure.asers thereof shall fail or negleet.to pay any of such instalments, or the interest thereon, or any part thereof, into the bank, in the times stipulated in the contract for the payment thereof, or in the manner required by this act, no such person, body, corporation, or company, nor the executors or administrators of any

penalty im

Cleo! 35c!^6o- such Perf°n, nor the fuccefTor or successors of any such body, [fee f. 96.100’corporation, or company, shall be subject or liable to any pe-and also f 79, nalty or fors.iture by the said first recited a£t imposed, in cafe of aft In 013 Hi all desaid. *n t^e trans^er °f anY °f instalments agreed to be the lancTtax transferred on the contract entered into by such person, body, be revived ; corporation, or company, for the redemption of the land tax but all such charged on their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-Pe^sshall.ditaments; nor shall the land tax fo contracted for be revived or pure.as./and aga*n become chargeable on the manors, messuages, lands, tene-1 ments, and hereditaments, whereon the fame was charged prior to such contract; but all such penalties and fors.itures shall be paid, sustain.d, and borne by such pure.aser or pure.asers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns; and all the subsequent instalments of such pure.ase money (hall be recoverable as a debt ta his Majesty upon record, against him, her, or them, and against his, her, or their estates, goods, chattels, and esse.ts.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no mines or minerals, or seams or veins of coal, metals, or other

prosi.s

future inital.ments recoverable as a debt from him to the King on record.

Mines, &c. shall not pass by conveyance

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21.  *43

f>rosi.s of the like nature, belonging to any manors, messuages, of hind fold, ands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be fold by any ™nrga^r<?w~ bishop or other ecclesiastical corporation aforesaid, for the pur- h ^he^. pose of redeeming any land tax, whether the fame shall be are appendant opened or unopened, nor any right, title, or claim to open or to the land 5 work the fame, nor any advowson, or right of patronage or spends presentation to any living or ecclesiastical benefice, or right of fUcMands* nomination to any perpetual curae., shall pass by any convey- (hall remain ance of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita- chargeable ments, either by express or general words in such conveyance, thereon, although such advowson, right of patronage, or presentation or nomination may be appendant or appurtenant to such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and such mines or minerals, seams or veins of coal, metal, or other prosi.s aforesaid 5 and such advowson., rights of patronage or presentation, or nomination, shall be always absolutely excepted, and reserved to such bishops or other ecclesiastical corporations aforesaid, as fully and esse.tually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were in such conveyance expressly excepted and reserved : provided alio. That no manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which now are or shall be charged with the payment of any yearly sum or stipend, to or for the use or benefit of any curate of any chure., chapel, or ecclesiastical benefice,

(hall be fold, freed, and discharged from such yearly sum or stipend, but the fame shall be and remain subj.it and liable thereto in like manner as if such sale had not been made.

XIII.  And be it further enaiied, That it shall be laws.l for Expences of the said commissioners, to be appointed for executing this ail, [owedh ^com to allow such costs and expences, attending any sales to be made miffi0ners<out under their authority, as they shall think reasonable, and to or-of the pur-der and direct that the fame shall be paid and satisfied out of the chas. money; pure.ase money to arise from such sales, in like manner as is as direiled in and by the said ait of the present session of parlia- ^^ ment, with resp.it to sales made under the authority of the commissioners for executing the said recited aits.

XIV.  And be it further enaited, That no deed or instrument Deeds, &c* whatever, whereby any sale or mortgage or grant shall be made in n° cafe to of or out of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-ditaments, which shall be fold or charged for the purpose of OT1 fa]es by * railing money for the redemption of any land tax, by any such corporations* bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforesaid, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever, although the consideration to be expressed in such deed or instrument shall exceed the sum [1000I. f. 45.J limited by the said last recited a (ft.

XV.  And be it further enaited, That where any manors, In cases.of messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be fold fo^redei^iin any bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforesaid, or by ]and tax 5 any person or persons whatever, for the redemption of any land where the tax, under a contrail or agreement with the pure.aser or pur- pure.ase chas.rs thereof, that the pure.ase money shall be paid into the ™e0na^,jSnt0 bank of England, in not more than fix equal instalments, at notPmorethan

equal fix instal.ents

of file. money to the pure.as.r.

144  Annoregm  tricesimo nono GEORGii III. c. 21. [179S.

into the bank, equal periods from each other, and to be completed within the ^ear^th^ period of one year from the time of paying in the first instal.freaffiry^ay ment> then, and in every such cafe, it (hall be laws.l for the afterpayment lords commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of of the first them for the time being, at any time after payment of the first instalment, instalment, to agree with the pure.aser or pure.asers of such rotors, mefliiages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the pure.aser for advane. or loan to him, her, or them, of fo much moneyas the immediate (hall be sufficient for the immediate completion of the contract, completion^of UpQn such terms and conditions for securing the re-payment of o/a^re^with t^e principal money fo to be advaneed, with laws.l interest any other per- for the fame, as the said lords commissioners of the treasury, or fon, See. for any three or more of them for the time being, (hall think rea-the advane. fonable and just, and as (hall be agreed to by such pure.aser or pure.asers ; or otherwise, it shall be laws.l for the said lords commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, to contract and agree with any other person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, for the advane. or payment into the bank of England, by such person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, on the belial. of such pure.aser or pure.asers, of such sum or sums of money as he, (he, or they, shall desire to be advaneed.for the purposes before mentioned, upon such terms and conditions as the said person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, and the said pure.aser or pure.asers, shall respectively agree upon.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all and every person or persons for whom any such sum or sums shall be advaneed.for the purpose aforesaid, shall enter into a security for the re-payment of the fame, with interect, by writing obligatory to our sovereign lord the King, in such sum or sums of money as shall be dire£led by the said lord commis.ioners of the treasury, or by the corporations, companies, societies, or persons respectively, advane.ng the fame as aforesaid, to be paid to our said lord the King, by such form of words as obligations to the King’s majesty have been used to be made, and with such conditions to be thereunder written, as between the said commissioners of the treasury, or the parties advane.ng such sums of money, and the said resp.es.ive pure.asers, shall be agreed upon; and that all such obligations to be fo made shall be good and esse.tual in the law, and shall be of the fame quality, force, and efreis., to all intents and purposes, as any obligation made to our sovereign lord the King, or his predeceftors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been, or now is, adjudged, received, or taken to be ; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: provided also, That no obligation to his Majesty in pursuance of this a6t, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That if desau.t shall be made by any such pure.aser or pure.asers, his, her, or their heirs or assigns, in the re-payment of any such sum or sums of money which shall be fo advaneed, either by the said lords commis.ioners

Purchas.rs receiving such advane. to enter into bonds to the King for repayment, with interect.

Such bonds not liable to stamp duties.

On failure in re-payment by the pure.aser, the treasury, or other person.

Annoregni trlcefimo nOno Georgii III. c. 21.  145

missioner. of the treasury, or by any other person or persons, advane.ng the

bodies, corporations, or companies aforesaid, or of the interect.

thereon, or any part thereof, within the respective times limited cafeg ^ thJ

by the said obligations for the payment thereof, it (hall be laws.l proper officer

for the said lords commissioners of the treasury, or the said other of the crown

persons, bodies, corporations, or companies aforesaid, vvho (hall  no^

have advaneed.such sums of money as aforesaid, and they arc  du°e

hereby respectively required, without further delay, to issue his which thall^he

or their certifie.te or certifie.tes, from time to time, to the pro- inserted in the

per officer of the crown having the management of proceedings ^nt)> ^nd the

upon obligations to his Majesty, requiring such officer or officers

personally.to proceed against the person or persons making such from the

desau.t, his, her, and their heirs, executors, and ad mini (Ira tors, pure.aser by

for the recovery of such parts of the sums advaneed.as (hall be hich officer*

then due, together with interest as aforesaid, and such costs and the bank

charges attending such proceedings as (hall be bylaw payable for

the fame; the amount of which principal sums fo to be levied,

the laid commissioners of the treasury, or such persons, bodies,

corporations, or companies aforesaid, shall cause from time to

time to be testis.ed by their note in writing, under the hands of

any two or more of them, to such officer or officers, and which

sums.(hall be inserted in the writ or process, and the like process.

(hall and may from time to time issue as aforesaid, as occasion.

(hall require; and the sums fo recovered (the costs and charges

aforesaid.excepted) (hall be paid to the said cashier or cash.ers of

the bank of England\ without abatement, deduction, or delay,

in satisfaction of such demands.

XVIII.  Provided also, and be it further enabled, That where on the pro-any proceeding (hall be direts.d under the authority of this aeft, dust.on of no writ or writs of feire facias (hall be required to be issued, but ^ucl1 that upon the production of the certifie.te or certifie.tes of the of^he exche0** said commissioners as before-mentioned, before any of the barons quer, and on of the respective courts of exchequer at Wejlminjler or in Scot- his fiat, an land, an extent (hall and may issue in the first process upon the ?*ten5 fiat of such baron, without any affidavit, or other veris.cation or fjrft^nstane..proof of the cause of such proceeding, than such certifie.te or without other certifie.tes as aforesaid.  process.

- XIX. And be it further enabled. That after the due payment On payment of the sums advaneed, with interest as aforesaid, every obligation of such money entered into in pursuance of this a<5t being fully satisfied, accord-ing to the true intent and meaning of this a61, (hall be forthwith pure.asers delivered up to be cane.lied; and in cafe any luch obligation bonds lhall be (hall have been prosecuted according to the directions of this a&, delivered up : the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of prof^ution^ them, shall, by their warrant or warrants, direct the proper fotis faction* officer or officers of the said respective courts of exchequer, to entered on enter up satis.a&iort, on such obligation or obligations being fo record, satisfied as aforesaid, upon the record, or otherwise to deliver up the fame to be cane.lied, as the cafe may require.

XX. And be it further enabled, That such process as afore- Process.may said (hall and may laws.lly issue on any such obligation as aforesaid,

VoL. XLII  L  lands pur!

Purchas.rs receiving inch advane., to have, the full benefit of the land tax immediately

for redemption.

146 Anno regni tricefima n.ono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

chas.d as all against the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita-amTgoods^f ments’ t0 pure.ased as aforesaid, and all other the manors, the pure.as.r. messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and also the goods, chattels, and esse.fs of such pure.aser or pure.asers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, or administrators, for the benefit of any such person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, his, her, and their heirs, successors, executors, administrators, or assigns, who lhall, in puVfuance of any such agreement with the said lords corn mi (boners of the treasury, advane. or lend any sum or sums of money to such pure.aser or pure.asers as aforesaid.

XXI.  And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, making any such sale or Tales, or contra£Is for any such sale or Tales, for the purpose of redeeming their land tax, to whom such advane. (hall be made, (hall, from and immediately after the registry of the

on reStemv contract for the redemption of land tax, have and enjoy the full the contracts benefit of the land tax which shall have been contracted for, in the fame manner in all respects as if they resp.£lively had them-selve. completed their contracts by the transfer of the whole consideration to be transferred thereon.

XXII.  And whereas, under and by virtue of an aft, pajfed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his pyes.nt.Majesty, intituled, An a£t for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, all persons having any Jhares or interejls in the new river, and in the Thames water works, and in Mary-bone and Hampstead.water works, and also in any office or Jlock for infnring of houses in cafe of fire, or in any lights, or in the Jlock or socks for printing of books in or belonging to the house commonly calied.The King’s Printing House, and all companies of mereliant. in London, and the bank of England, and also the proprietors of the respective water works within the town of Colchetfer, in the county of Efsex, the city and county of Exeter, and the town of Shrewfbury, are liable to pay or to be affijfed towards the land tax charged upon England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, for their respective Jhares and interes.s aforesaid, and the aforesaid joint flock or flocks, and prosi.s, in the manner in the said aft mentioned; and doubts having arisen whether such person or persons, companies or proprietors, can redeem the land'tax charged thereon, under or by virtue of the

Proprietors  herein  firjl recited aft: be it theres.re enabled. That not-

rr^r  with (landing any thing in the said first: recited a61, or in an a6t

passe. in the present session, intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his 'Majejiy a duty on pensions, offices, and psrfonal ejlates, in England, Wales, and the town a/'Berwick upon Tweed, and ing Houle, and certatn duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff,for the service of companies of the year one thouj'and seven hundred and ninety-nine, contained to mereliant., the contrary thereof, it shall be laws.l for the said commis.ioners ana the bank, for the purposes of the said first: recited a61, to contracs.and agree llifd 't'Z ua-1 C Wltk Per^ons> companies, or proprietors as aforesaid, respec.dtr 38 Geo. lively, for the redemption of the tax charged by virtue of the said a* 5c may, *  '  a61

the new river and other water works,

infarance offices, The King’s Print

1798*] Anno'regni tricesimo. nono Georg 11 III. c. 21. T47 upon such their respective {hares, interects, joint {lock and notwithstand.stocks, and prosi.s aforesaid, or with any individual proprietors ^ thereof, either jointly or severally, for fo much and such part or tftjs ^ifion, parts of the said tax as shall be equivalent to the share or {hares contract, coK of each individual proprietor, or any number of joint proprietors leftively or . (the amount of which land tax shall be sett.ed and apportioned ^l^the^com by the laid commissioners for the purposes of the said recited missioner.5 un.T a<fts), and also for all or any of such persons, companies, or pro- derjS Geo. 3. pri'etors respectively as aforesaid, either collectively or indivi- c. 60. for the dually,- or jointly or severally, to contract.anc) agree with the the™wl^or°^ said ■ commissioners for the purposes of the said ftrft recited a<5t, an^ pars.f for the redemption of the whole or any part of such land tax, ac- the land tax, cording to the* assessment and rate.made or to be made in purs.- according to^

by-the said first and secondly. recited acts, and in and by this adt, b<:?xo~

/  ^  ^  *  *  *  nfr^tccl imme-

is directed with respect to the land tax charged upon any nia- lately on the

nors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments ; and from jegiltry of the ■ and immediately after the regis.ry-of the certifie.tes of such con- certifie.tes ot tract., the respect.ve shares and interects, joint fto.ck and stocks, the contracts, and. prosi.s, or the proportion thereof comprized in such contracts, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the tax charged thereon,'and from all further aflefTmems thereof, by virtue of the said act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting an aid to bis Majeffy by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand feve'n hundred and ninety-eighty and also of the said act of the present section of parhame.t, intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majejiy a duty on pension.y offices, and personal ejlatesy in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon T weed,

/and certain duties1 on sugar. malty tobaccoy and snuff. for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine y or either of them. ,

XXIII.  And be it further enaCled, That when the said com- When the milfioners for the purposes. of the said recited aCls, in any county, commissioners riding or place, shall have in. their possession copies of tap tfonofthe" respect.ve' afiefs.ents of land tax charged'upon the respect.ive land tax have pa fist.es .or places in such county, riding/ or, place, and which injhetr puffball have been transmitted to them as true copies, by the clerks heilion.to the commissioners of land tax adding in and for any hundred, £ asse.f-ward, lathe, wapentake, or other division, wherein such parishes or rnents, trans.' places'shall.be situate, it fhail be laws.l for the said commissioners mittedtothem for the purposes of. this aCf, to contract and agree with any ^tt^[J ^ks person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, for the redemption of the land tax charged upon their respect.ve manors, fioners, they meiTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, although no may contract certifie.te of the amount of such land tax shall be produced and with ^person. (hewn to them by. the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or ^npfton of companies, applying to redeem the fame, as by the said first their land tax

x. 2  recited  without their

a nee oft the said adl, intituled, An act for granting an aid to ms Mtijessy.by^ a land taxy to be raised in Great Britain for the service ^ f ^ and of the-iyear one< thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty upon the t.he Rock, fame terms and conditions, , and in the fame manner, as in and ffiares, &c.

14S  Anno  regni  tricefuno nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

producing the recited a# is required: provided always, That such person or requfredb  Perf°ns> bodies, corporations, or companies, (hall, ten days at

f. 17.of 38  the least. before such contrail shall be entered into, transmit to

<5eo 3.C. 60.: the clerk of the said commissioners, for the purposes of the said —But such recited a#s, such and the like schedule or defeription in writing ten^daS °f an<^ every the said manors, mefFuages, lands, tenements, or before making hereditaments, charged with such land tax, as is by the said a#s the contract, required to be produced to the said commissioners of the land tax ; fend in a par- and the said commissioners for the purposes of the said a#s (hall tl^lands^* cau^e t0 ^n^ertec^ *n fu°b contrail the defeription of such manors, mefliiagcS, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, contained In such schedule, and also a true copy of such afTefTment, fo far as relates to the respective manors, mefFuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments contained in such schedule, together with the amount of the land tax charged thereon, according to such copy of the afFefFment as shall be in their possession as aforesaid; and such contra# fo entered into as aforesaid, shall, after the regis.ry thereof, be as valid and esse.tual, to all intents and purposes, as if a certifie.te of the amount of the land tax thereby contracted to be redeemed, had been produced and shewn to the said commissioners in the manner required by the said first recited a#, XXIV. And be it further enacted, 1 hat in every cafe where the said commissioners for the purposes of the said recited acts, shall not have in their possession any such copies as aforesaid of the asse.lments of land tax charged upon any parish.s or places, and shall have demanded, or shall cause to be demanded, the fame from the clerk to the said commissioners of land tax, acting in their respective divisions as aforesaid, which they are hereby

charged; which, with a copy of the alTeflment, shall be in-ferted in the contra#.

Clerks to the land tax com-mishone.s shall, when required by the commissioners for redemption, or whenever

any aiteration.authorised and required to do, and also in every cafe where any i^the^lself. a^terat*011  ma(^e by or under the authority of the. com-

ment within rniffioners of land tax, acting in or for any such divisions in the three days assessments of land tax charged therein, then and in such cafe respectively the clerk to the said commissioners of land tax for the time being, make out having such alfeflmems in his custody, shall, and he is hereby asse.fment or1 required, within three days after such applie.tion (hall be made aiteration,and to him by the said commissioners for the purposes of the said transmit them recited acts, or their clerk, and also within three days after any to the com- such aiteration.shall be made in the assessments as aforesaid, to make out a true copy, fairly written, and fublcribed by any two or more of them, of such aise.finents fo made or altered, or of fo much thereof as shall be fo altered, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, such copies to the clerk to the said commissioners, for the purposes of the said recited a#s, in the county, riding, or place in which such division shall be situate, within the time before limited, or permit a copy thereof, or such parts thereof, as aforesaid, to be taken by the clerk to the said commissioners, for the purposes of the said a#s ; and in cafe the said clerk to the commissioners of land tax shall refuse or negle# to make out and deliver such copies as aforesaid, or permit such copies to be taken as aforesaid, within three days after such applie.tion shall be made to them by the said commissioners for the purposes of the

said.

rniffioners for redemption ; or permit them to be copied by their clerk, on penalty of sol.-

1798.]' Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21.  149

^aid recited a£ts, or by their clerk, or where any such aiteration.(hall be made in the assessments as aforesaid, shall refuse or negleet.to make out and deliver a true copy of all such altered asse.lrnents, or of such parts thereof as shall be fo altered, within three days after such aiteration.shall be made, he shall, for every such refusal or negle£t, fors.it the sum of fist. pounds, to be recovered in such manner as any penalty may, by the said recited acts or either of them, be recovered.

XXV.  Provided always, and be it further eoacted, That the 4-d. per chan-said.clerk to the said commis.ioners of land tax shall, for every ^e^a^foro.such copy fo made out by him as aforesaid, be entitled to have fu(?h copies, and receive, for his trouble in making out the fame, upon applie.tion to the receiver general of the county, riding, or

place, or his deputy, and on production of a certifie.te oftwo or more of such commis.ioners of land tax, acting for the division where such asse.lrnents shall have been made, after the rate of four-pence for every chaneery.(beet contained in such copy, reckoning every separate amount of land tax fet down in figures or numbers in such copy as three words.  On receiving

XXVI.  And be it further enabled. That whenever any schedule.ot schedule or defeription of any estate shall, for the purpose of tax*of redeeming the land tax charged thereon, be transmitted in purs.- ^ich does ance of this a£t, such land tax not exceeding the sum of twenty-five not exceed pounds, the clerk to the commis.ioners appointed for the re- *5!. the clerk demption and sale of the land tax, to whom such schedule shall be *°the rc~ delivered, shall forthwith cause an account to be transmitted to commis.ioners the commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes, of the amount of the shall tranMs sums proposed to be redeemed; arid whenever such contract shall an account be completed, the said commis.ioners, before whom such contract ofthe shall be entered into, (hall cause an account to be transmitted j^n^tax e to the receiver general of the county, riding, pr place in England, be redeemed: or to the receiver general in Scotland,\ of the name of the party, and when the the amount of the land rax, and the day or days for payment

of the consideration, which account the receivers general re- the com- 9 sped.ively shall forthwith cause to be transmitted to the com- mishone.s

mishone.s for the assai.s of taxes, for the

information of the shall transmit and the said com-the Particu}a^

to the receiver

commis.ioners of his Majesty’s treasury;

mishone.s of the treasury, or any three or more of them for general> who the time being, are hereby empowered to direct. from time to foall fend the time, as there (hall be occasion, fustic.ent money to be advaneed.fame to the out of any pions.s in the hands of such receivers general re- tax pffice5 °n sped.ively, or out of any publick monies in the receipt of the treat’ury mav exchequer, applie.ble to the supplies and services of the year, as order money to the said commis.ioners of the treasury (hall seem expect.ent, to be advaneed.to the commis.ioners fpr the reduction of the national debt, ^om t’me to before or on-the respective days appointed for the payment of J^ceiver gene-the sum payable on such contracts, for pure.ase of fo much rai to the capital flock as would have been transferrable on such contract commilli.ne.s by the party, in cafe the consideration for the redemption of his of the national or her land tax had been therein stipulated to be transferred in ^ ^ t^°ie flacy., yylpch sums fo to be advaneed.(hall be from time to feVeral days

L 3  time  of payment;

on the con trad, and which shall.

150  Anno  regal  tricesimo  nano  Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

to be laid out time replaced by and out of the monies to be paid upon such'

contrail to such receivers general respectively, and the flock fo

transferrable Purchas.d shall be placed in the name of the commissioners for

the reduction of the national debt, for the uses and purpbfes of

this a£l, and as if the fame had been pure.ased by and with the

,  .  ,  monies  paid  on  such  contrails,

be replaced  r

by the money payable on such contra<5ts to the receiver general.

Mode of af- XXVII. And be it further enaited, That from and after the certaining the pash.g of this ail, the mode of aseer.aining the current prie.

b1 thebanTk  be  as  f°fi°ws; that is to fay, From the time

viz From the w^en t^e books of the governor and company of the bank of

resp.itive times of opening the books for transfer of

England shall be opened for the transfer of three per centum consolidated bank annuities, after the fist. day of 'January in every year, and until the books {hall be opened for the transfer of three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, after the the 3 pereen., fist. day of April in such year, and fo from time to time when consol. to the the said books shall be opened for the transfer of three per centum consolidated annuities, after the fist. day of July in every year, until the books shall.be opened for the transfer of three per centum reduced annuities, after the tenth day of October in such year, the calli.er or cash.ers of the said governor and company of the bank of England (hall, and they are hereby required on Tuefday in every week, (the fame not being’a holiday, or being a holiday, then on the day preceding not being a holiday), to cause an account to be made out of the average prie. at which the three pounds per centu?n consolidated annuities shall have been bought on such day, (or otherwise on the following open day on which such flock (hail be bought, in cafe any flock shall have been bought at the bank of England on such day), and shall cause the fame to be transmitted to the commissioners for the of taxes ; and fo from time to time when the books shall.

fubsequent.opening of the 3 per cent, reduced, the prie. ofthe consol. to be returned to the tax office weekly; and vice versa, from the r« ffietflive times ot opening the 3 per cent.

reduced to the subsequent "

opening the aiTtiirS  ^

consol.t the be opened at the bank of England for the transfer of three per centum reduced annuities, after the fist. day of April in every

prie. of the 3 per cent, reduced to be fo returned, [fee 39 Geo. 3. c. 6. f. '

Perfons cutting down timber, with the approbation of the courts of

year, and until the books (hall be opened at the bank of England for the transfer of three per centum consolidated annuities, after the fist. day of July in such year, and fo from time to time when . ] the said books (ball be opened at the said bank of England for the transfer of three per centum reduced annuities, after the tenth day of QSiober. in every year, and until the books (ball be opened for the transfer of three per cetitum consolidated annuities, after the fist. day of January next ensuing, the said cashier or cash.ers shall, and they are hereby required to transmit to the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, such and the like account of the average prie. of three per centum reduced annuities, as is herein-before direiled to be transmitted of the average prie. of three per centum consolidated annuities.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any perfora or persons, who by the said first recited ait is or are empowered, with the approbation of the court of chaneery.in England, or of the court of session in Scotland, to cut down timber for the

‘s  rederrtption

i7$$-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IIL c. 21.  151

redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, messuages, chaneery.or lands, tenements, or hereditaments, {hall have entered into any ^demotion1 ° contract.or contracts, or {hall at any time hereaster, before the of their land first day of May one thousand eight hundred, enter into any tax, [fee38 contract.or contracts.for the redemption of the land tax charged Geo, 3. c. 60, on such manors, melTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, ^otmake6 or (hall have made, or {hall hereaster, before the said first: day good their of May one thousand eight hundred, make such applie.tion to firs.instal.nent the court of chaneery.in England, or to the court of session in tJ^ ^ay 1, Scotland, as in the said aeft is directed to be made, and as the cafe  m^n^ye

may-require, and {hall obtain, or {ball have obtained, an order be or direction of such court for the felling and cutting down such paid within quantity of timber as may be deemed necefTary for the re- three years demption of the land tax proposed to be redeemed (a certifie.te of which order or direcStion shall be indorsed on the contract by confideratioa the register or other proper officer of such court), then and in may be every such cafe it shall not be 'necefTary to pay or transfer any transferred part of the consideration for such redemption, until the first: day *n advane.* of May one thousand eight hundred, although it (hall have been or may be Aipulated in the contract., that the whole, or the first instalment of such consideration, (hall be transferred on or before any day prior to the first day of May one thousand eight hundred: provided always, That the whole amount of the capital flock agreed to be transferred in such contract shall, in every such cafe as lafl aforesaid, be transferred to the commis.fioners for the reduction of the national debt, within the period of three years from the .firs. day of May one thousand eight hundred : provided also, That it shall be laws.l to ftipuiate for the payment or transfer of the whole of the said consideration at any one time, or by inflalments, within a less period than three years, or to pay or transfer the whole, or any part thereof in advane., in such manner, in all respes.s, as in the said several recited afts is mentioned.

XXIX.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notwith-standing.any thing in the said first recited aft contained, or in the order or direction of any such court to the contrary thereof, the land tax which {hall be redeemed by the monies arising from merge in the the sale of any timber cut down under the authority of either of such courts respectively, {hall, when all the inflalments (hail be redemptioner completed, fink and become merged in the manors, messuages, declares his lands, tenements, and hereditaments whereon the fame was option to be charged, for the benefit of the person or persons tor the time ^ f^tfnp°of being beneficially entitled to the rents and prosi.s thereof, unless a pUrchas.r; the person or persons contracting for the redemption of such in which cafe land tax, shall have declared his, her, or their option to be con- it shall con-fidered on the footing of a pure.aser thereof, in which cafe the land tax fo redeemed shall be and continue attendant upon the estate in the estate and interest of the person or persons for the time being fame manner beneficially entitled to the rents and prosi.s of the said manors, a& if it had messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in like manner as

l 4  in

Land tax redeemed by such sale of timber shall.

been redeemed by sale of* -

ing, and sale of timber, to be p id out of the pur-chas. money* 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. f. II,

152  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. % 1, [1798.

lands [fee in thesaid.first recited ad is directed in cases.where the land Geo 3^c 60 taX  have ^een rec^med by the sale of any manors, mef-

eo. 3. . o. fua^es^ )anc]s^ tenements, or hereditaments under the laid ad: ^f^he^uT^ Prov^ec^ also. That it (hall be laws.l for such courts respectively keying, fell- t0 t^rder and direct that the costs and sex.ences in the surveying, valuing, and felling such timber, or otherwise on account of such sale thereof, (hall be paid and faiisfied out of the pure.ase monies for the fame.

XXX.  And whereas, under and by virtue of thesaid.first recited aft) all persons, bodies, corporations, and companies, having any estate or interest in, or being substitute heirs of entail entitled in their recited, [and order to succeed to any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-c^3 f 3 ditaments, (except tenants at rack rent, and others in the said ad Where con- particulari. excepted ), are entitled, after the respect.ve times limited by tracts for  f1'^  a^lf  for  prese.ence to yerfons having le fie hold or other

redemption particular cjlates in pojsession, or ejlates in remainder, reversion, or lball be made, expectancy, to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged on after March jucfo their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by persons which /hall not have been fold under the powers of the said act, but having any no provision is made for the payment or transfer of the confder at ion absolute estate fry infialrnents except in certain cases, be it theres.re enabled, -*■ 'j'hat where any contract (hall be entered into for the redemption of any land tax, at any time after the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundered and ninety-nine, by any. person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having any absolu.e

or eltate of inheritance, or after June *5> * 799> by persons hav-

i  !  7    7----I  7  -•   1-------r  O  J  -----

wg anyieaie- estate.

or estate of inheritance, in the manors, messuages, lands.

hold or particular estate in polTesho. or reversion, the firlt instal.ment of the consideration.

tenements, or hereditaments, whereon such land tax shall be charged, or where any such contract shall be entered into after the twenty-fist. day of fune one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having any leasehold or other par-? (or the whole ticular estate in poste.iion, or any estate in reversion, remainder, if paid at or expectancy, in such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, once) shall be or hereditaments as aforesaid, then, and in every such cafe, the on the^quar- ^rft instalment, or the whole of the consideration for such re-ter day [fee 38 demption (in cafe the fame shall be agreed to be transferred at Geo 3.C.60. one time) shall be transferred or paid on or before such of the en*uin °the quarterty days *n the said first recited ad mentioned, for the trans.contract: C !er °f the consideration upon contracts for redemption, as (hall and where the next happen after the day of entering into the contract; and first instalment upon all such contracts where the first instalment of such shall.e  consideration (hall be payable or transferable on or at any

tnmsferrable t^me before the first day of February one thousand eight before Feb. t, hundred and one, the whole amount thereof (hall be paid or 1801, the transferred, and all the subsequent instalments thereon corn-whole shall pleted and made good by equal instalments at equal intery.ls, fou^yeartT vv,t;b‘n the period of four years, to be computed from the first from May 1, day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; and 1799 i and upon all such contracts, where the first instalment of such where the first consideration (hall not be payable or transferable till after the udla ment said jay 0p February, one thousand eight hundred and one, 4

the

1798*] Annoregnitricesimo.nono Georgii III. c. 21.  153

the whole 'amount thereof (hall be paid or transferred, and all (hall be pay-the subsequent instalments thereon completed and made good by able or trans.equal instalments at equal intery.ls, within the period of two years from the time of transferring or paying such first instalment as Jaft the 'wh0ie * aforesaid.  ^  (hall be paid

within two years from the time of making the first initalment-

XXXI.  And be it further enact.cd, That where any contrail On contracts (hall be entered into for the redemption of any land tax, at any

time after the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven March 25, hundred and ninety-nine, then, and in every such cafe, the manors, 1799, the mefTuages, lands,, tenements, and hereditaments, the land tax Ian is (hall be whereof (hall have been fo contracted for, (hall be charged and  froSt

chargeable wirh fo much land tax as (hall have acer.ed and become t^e' Ladyday payable after the twenty-fist. day of March, prior to the making preceding such contrail, up to the end of the quarter next immediately con trad, preceding the day of the,transfer of the first inllalment agreed to be transferred on such contrail, and (hall only be exonerated immediately from such land tax from the end of such quarter.  preceding the

XXXII.  And be it further enailed, That no contrail entered fir** instal.i-nto after the palling of this ad, for the redemption of any ment* land tax, nor the amount of land tax redeemed thereby, shall in No con trad any wife be impeached, asse.ted, or altered by the judgement or for rtdemp-determination of the commiihone.s on any appeal from the ^fter the ^ alTeffment by which such land tax (hall have been charged, paising.this whether such appeal shall have been made prior or subsequent a£t, (hall be to any proceedings had, under the said recited ails for the purpose impeaehed or of entering into such contract, but such appeal shall be decided

wholly between such other parties charged by such afiefTment as any appeal shall not have entered into any such contract, and in the fame agaimt the manner as if the contract fo entered into had been completed allellrnent. before the making or determining such appeal; and everX jf tax contrail fo entered into shall stand good, and the land tax contracted for redeemed thereby (hall be considered as if no such appeal had (hall have been made from such afTeffment.  been reduced

XXXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enailed, That if before

such.land tax fo contrailed for (hall have been reduced in its amount the^ompie-

by any assessment made within three years preceding the time of tion of the

completing such contrail, such land tax shall then remain liable contract, it

to berevised.and altered fin the fame manner as if such contract maY be rev i fed ,  .  ,  .  .  >  ...  ,  and altered on

had not been completed) by any determination on any appeal appeal within

which shall be made and determined in one year next after the one year

completion of such contract.  after such

XXXIV.  And be it further enacted, That all and every the completion, provisions of this ail shall, in the execution of the said recited Former aifts aits, be used and applied, and continued in like manner as if ^^conlhued the fame provisions were specially enailed in the said ails ; and together.

all and every the provisions of the said recited aits shall, in the execution of this ait, except where the lame are thereby ex* pres.ly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner as if the fame provisions (except as aforesaid. were specially enabled in this ait.

XXXV. And

154

Affidavits may be made before commis.ioners for taking affidavits 3 and persons whole affidavits are required to be produced to the redemption-comnuf-fionevs may be examined by them on oath initead.

' Aft may be altered or repealed this ielTion.

Form of

certifie.te of Contract.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgxi III. c* 2 r. [1798:

XXXV.  And be it further enabled, That any affidavit or

affidavits required or vauthorise. to be made by the /aid recited acts, may be made before any commissioners or persons who are or (hall be authorised to take affidavits in causes depending in any of the courts at Wejimtnjler^ jas well as before the person or persons before whom the fame are, by the said fir ft recited abl, directed to be made; and it shall be laws.l for the laid commissioners for the purposes of the said aQs to take such affidavits, and they are hefeby indemnisi.d against ail persons whomsoever, and against all penalties, for having received before the passing of this aeft, any affidavit or affidavits made before any such commissioners or persons as aforesaid, and the fame lhall be as valid and esse.tual as if the fame had been made before them after the passing of this act: provided also. That in all cases.where any affidavit or affidavits is or are by the said fir ft recited a £t directed to be made and ffiewn to the said commissioners, the examination of the person or persons, by whom any such affidavit or affidavits is or are directed to be made by and before the said commissioners for the purposes of the said acf, upon oath or affirmation, to he administered in the manner therein directed, shall be as valid and esse.tual for the purposes of the said a61, as if the affidavit or, affidavits thereby required had been made, and produced and Ikwn to th$ said commis.ioners.  -  ;

XXXVI.  And be it further enacted. That this abl, or any of the proviiions thereof, may be-altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or a bis to be palied.'in this present session of parhame.t.

XXXVII.  And be it further enabled, That the form of every certifie.te of contract to be made after she passing this abf shall be in the manner following :

* TV NOW all men, That we  two  of  the com-

missioner. appointed for the purposes of an ab£, intituled, Jn act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and pur chas. in the manner therein fated, the fever al finis of money now charged' in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty for the do hereby certify, that we have contracted and agreed with  for  the redemption by him [her or

them, as the cafe may require], of  land  tax, being

the land tax charged upon the [here infer manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or fete. of them as the cafe may require,] herein-after deferibed, videlicet; [here deferibe the premises as from the schedule delivered by the party], and which premises are assessed in the assessment made for the of  in  the  of  for  the

year  as follows, videlicet; [here inferi the defeription

of the efiaie and amount of land tax ps in the asse.fment; and ivhere different pareels.assessed in different fiums arc to be ineluded.in the

fame

1798.] Anno regm tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.  1  $$

fame contract, enumerate each pareel, and the amount of land tax charged on each]: \  *

And the consideration for the redemption of such. land tax,' if the fame is to be transferred in flock, shal. be expreste. as in the (aid first recited a6t is diretsted; and if in money, according to the current prie. of flock, as in the said secondly recited acd is direct.d.

C A P. XXII.

An act for extending the time for returning fatements under an aft^ pa [feel in the present session of parhame.t, intituled, An acl to repeal the duties imposed by an a61, made in the last session of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prose.utioa of the war ; and to make more esse.tual provision fpr the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties; and to amend the said aft*— [March 21,1799.]

WHEREAS it may be expect.ent to extend the time for the Preamble.

delivery of lifts and fatements of income to the respective djfejfrs, in pursuance of an aft, passed in the present fess.on of parhame.t, intituled. An a6l to repeal the duties imposed by an 39 eo* 3* a£f, made in the lafl session of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more efFedlual provilion.for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties; and to explain and amend the said aft; be it enacted by the King’s mod excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t afTembled, -p|mefor and by the authority of the fame, That the period of fourteen making redays for making the return of any lifts or statements of income, turns of or other matters in the said a6t mentioned, after delivery of statements, in notices for that purpose, shal. in all cases.where such notices noticed shal. have been delivered previous to the palling of this a6f, be delivered and is hereby extended until and upon the fist. day of April one (under f. 38* thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that every person 39\ot the who ought to make a return of such lifts and statements, and ^for^the who (hall have omitted or (hall omit to return the. fame within parting of this the period required by the said recited a61, who, before or on the act, extended expiration of the said fist. day of April as aforesaid, shal. make to April 5* a return of such lifts and statements as by the said recited a£f is required, (hall be and is hereby indemnisi.d, freed, and dif-charged, from and against all penalties and fors.itures incurred, or to be incurred for or by reason of such omission ; and every such return made within the time limited by this a& shal. be of the like force and esse.t as if the fame had been made within the time limited by the said recited a£h

II. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be laws.l for any Returns of person or persons required to return any lifts and statements of income under the said recited a£t to deliver under cover, sealed anrt of *

up, intended

payments thereon may be delivered under cover, sealed up to the afleii'ors: penalty on afTefifors opening, or sufi.ering the fame to be opened, before they are delivered to the com -

156 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

up, such part of such returns as relates to the statement of the amount of the sum or sums intended to be paid by such person or persons in respect of the income of such person or persons, or of any infant, idiot, lunatick, married woman, or other person, on whose belial. such person or persons shall be required to return any such statement; which return under cover sealed up, and subs.ribed with a declaration that the fame contains the statement of the person or persons whose name or names is or are signed thereto, shall be delivered within the period hereinbefore, or in the said aft limited, to the afleflor or afleiTors to whom such statement ought to be delivered according to the directions of the said aft, and shall be as esse.tual as if the fame missioner., n6t bad been returned to the afleflor qr afleflors in the manner exceeding io\. heste. by the said aft; and if any afleflor (hall open, or cause, or procure, or permit, or suffer to be opened, any cover containing any such statement fo delivered, sealed and super.cribpd as aforesaid, or -shall.negleet.to take such due care of any statement delivered to him as aforesaid, as that any such statement, or cover thereto, sealed up as aforesaid, shall be opened by any person or persons after the fame shall have been delivered to such afleflor, and before the fame shall be delivered by such afleflor to the clerk to the commis.ioners for the purposes of the said aft, as is in the said recited aft is directed, or that the fame shall not be kept fo sealed as aforesaid, and delivered, without having been in any way opened, to the clerk to such commis.ioners as aforesaid, every such afleflor shall fors.it and pay for every such offence, any sum not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the said recited aft : provided always. That all lifts and returns to be made by any such person or persons under the said recited aft, of the name or names of any lodgers or inmates, or any person or persons whatever, of whose incomes or place of residene. any lift or return ought to be made, and all notices of the intention of such person to be charged to the duties granted by the said aft

Return of names of lodgers and others chargeable, or of notices of being charged elsewhere, or by commercial com-

miHioners, to at any other place of residene., or of being charged thereto by any commercial commis.ioners, (hall be delivered open to such asse.lbr or afleflors in the manner directed by the said aft.

III. And whereas difficulties may arise in the execution of the said aft of the present session of parhame.t, respecting the qualifie.tion of commffioners to be chosen under the authority of the said aft in certain places: be it theres.re enacted, That fo much of the said aft as requires the qualifie.tion, consisting wholly of personal estate, of any person to be a commissioner for the purposes of the said aft for any city, borough, town, or place in Great Britain, such city, borough, town, or place, not being a county of itself, to be of the value of ten thousand pounds, or as prese.ibes the* qualifie.tion of any person to be a commissioner for the purposes/ of the said aft, or a commissioner for hearing and determining appeals for any county at large in Great Britain, as far as respects the counties herein-after mentioned, shall be, and the fame i$ hereby repealed

IV. And

be delivered open to the aiftfiTors.

Certain qualifie.tions in f. 23. of the former act repealed.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.  157

IV,  And be it further enacted, That no person (hall be ca- Qualification pable of acting as a commissioner for the purposes of the said aft,

within and for any city, borough, town, or place, in Great Bri- tjeSj &.c> not~ tain, other than cities, boroughs, towns, and places, being respec. being coun-tively counties of themselyes, by virtue of any qualifie.tiomcon- ties, in per-fist.ng of personal estate in the whole or in part, unless the fame, fonaI estate, if confining wholly of personal estate, {hall be of the value of that°amourn, three thousand pounds, or shall, together with his own estate, including consisting of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, be of the said lands, &c. value of three thousand pounds, (such.value to be in such last. ^er at in^f * mentioned cafe estimated as by the said aft is directed in respect 0£c< I2* of qualifie.tions consisting of personal estate, and also of estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments), under the penalty that every person acting without the qualifie.tion in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as in the said act is mentioned, or the qualifie.tion required by this aft, shall fors.it and pay the sum of fist. pounds, to be recovered as the like penalty may be recovered by the said recited aft.  Qualification

V.  And be it further enacted, That no person (hall be capable ^onersTnd of acting as a commissioner for the purposes of the said aft, or as commissioners a commissioner for hearing and determining appeals within or for of appeal in the county of Monshout., or any of the counties at large within Monshout.-the dominion of Wales, or in that part of Great Britain calied.Unties in * Scotland, unless he (hall be pofleste. of a personal estate of the Wales and like value, or be seised or pofleste. of estate in lands, tenements, Scotland, (hall or hereditaments of the like nature, and of three fist.s of the value be s-jths of as is required as the qualifie.tion of a commissioner for the pur- other pjose. of the said aft, or of a commissioner for hearing and deter- counties at mining appeals respectively within and for any other county at large; by f. 33. largein Great Britain, under the penalty in the said aft contained, °^c-

for acting without the qualifie.tion therein required in such cases. Mafter of the

VL And be it further enacted, That it (hall be laws.l for the h°^ebold, master of his Majesty’s household, the first clerk of the household, officers who the clerk of the kite.en, and the several other officers, who, by aft as corn-virtue of their offices, have heretofore acted or may aft in execu- missioner. of tion of the aft passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Ma- [he^l^bert^of jest.’s reign, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, in the the palae.^ liberty of the palae.s of Whitehall and Saint cJa7nes's, to aft, by vir- may aft it/ t'ue of their said offices, in the execution of the said firs.-mentioned the execution aft, as far as relates to any assessment to be made by virtue thereof  a<^

on any person or persons within the said liberty, without any fpe- jatcg toa(Te(T-cial appointment for that purpose; and that no other qualifie.tion ments under shall be required of any such officers, who (hall aft in the execu- c. 13. without tion of the said firs.-mentioned aft, by virtue of their said offices, a^yothe.qua-than the posts.ssion.of such respective offices and places; and that th^pofTeffion11 no such officer shall be liable to any penalty infliste..by the said of their offices firs.-mentioned aft, for acting in the execution thereof as aforesaid. Appeals to be* without being pofleste. of any other tfualification than such offices made from respectively; provided that all appeals froth such last.mentioned ^em t° the commissioners (hall be heard and determined before the commis. ofTpreatefo? fioners of appeals appointed for the county of Middlesex.  Middlesex.

VII.  And

i58

Commif-

iloners for the inns of court, Sec. to be fe-lebted by the

appeals to be made to the commissioners of appeal for London and Midalesex.

Commissioner. for the uni verities to be of the degree of M.A. or LL.B. and mailers or fellows of Coliege. red-' dent therein; such degrees, See. to be a sufficient qualifie.tion.-

Anno regni tricefimanono GeorgilUI. c. 22. [17980

VII. And be it further enabled, That the commissioners for the purposes of the said firs.-mentioned, abl, to be appointed for the several inns of court and chaneery.in' London and Middlesex. (hall be selected and nominated by the resp.blive bene.ers for bene.ers: and the time being, having the superintend.ne. of the said societies of the resp.blive societies thereunto belonging, or the major part of them present at any meeting to be summoned by the resp.blive treasurers of those societies for the time being; provided that all appeals from the inns of court and chaneery.(hall be heard and determined by the resp.blive commissioners of appeals to be appointed, under the said a61, for London and Middlesex resp.biively.

VIII. And be it further enabled, That every commissioner to be appointed for the respective universities of Oxford and Cambridge shall be of the degree of mailer of arts, or bachelor of laws, or some higher degree, and (hall be a mailer or fellow of a coliege.or hall there, and resident therein; and that no other qualifie.tion (hall be required of any such lati--mentioned commissioners, who shall abl in the execution of the said abl, by virtue of their degrees and promotions in such universities and colieges, than the poflef-fion thereof resp.biively, and residene. there as aforesaid ; and that no such mailer or fellow, resident as aforesaid, shall be liable to any penalty inflibled by the said foil-mentioned abl for abling in the execution thereof as aforesaid, without being poss.efTed of any other qualifie.tion than such degrees and promotions-as aforesaid. in fpi - IX. And be it further enabled. That, for the purposes of the and each of** -said.firs.- mentioned act, the- franchise or liberty of the Ijle of Efyy and every of the cinque ports, shaft be confide-red in the fame re-fpebl as a city or town, being a^coUnty of itself, is by the laid abl con fide red, and that the fame qualifie.tion, and" n6 other, shall be .required for a icommiiiipner for the said purposes in such franchise or liberty,, and in every such cinque port-; and the appointment of such commissioner ftiailiber.ade'in like manner for such. franchise or liberty, or every such cinque port, as is required to he a Sunder dire bled by *the :fa-id-abl'in resp.bl ©f such commissioner for i, 'Oi c. 13. any city or town in Gsea. Britain being a county efHtself; pro-' / "  ■'*  added that all appeals-from such lad-mentioned commissioners shall.

-  , heard ahd determinedibefore the commissioners of appeals'ap-

_ •  pointed,  for  the county at large vvherein fdch cinque post fsdituate.

arat^com* X. And be it further enabled, That it shall be laws.l for the imffiontrs° * resp.blive person.’ empowered to chuse commissioners for the maybechose. purposes of the said..irft recited abl, for any city, borough, cinque for each ward, port., : liberty, town, or place,> where separate commissioners of assessed taxes (hall have ufuatly abled in the several wards, pal commissioners rilhes, or divisions thereof, in the execution of former abls, toehufl of taxes have commissioners, for the purposes of the said recited^ablj for each such ward, parish, or division, in like manner as they are empowered by the said recited abl to ehuse.commissioners fol each division of a county or riding.  4

XI. And be it. further enabled, That in every place where commissioners commercial commissioners (hall be appointed under the said ffiall be ap. first recited abl, the assistants to such commercial commis.ioners

(hall

,The liberty of

the cinque , ports, to be con (id ered as a city being a‘ county; and _ the qualifie.tion and a jp-pointmkffit'of cdtflrmfii oners

usually.abted.

Affiilants to commercial

179S-] Anno regni trreef.mo nemo Georgii III. c» 22.  *59

ihall be named and appointed by such persons respectively who  ™  ^

are authorised to appoint such commercial commis.ioners.  who\ppoiot~

XII.  And be it further enacted, That in estimating the value c'om. of personal elate required for the qualifie.tion of a commissioner rruifioners under the laid first recited a£1, the interes.: or dividend of any Xnterect.or di-publick (lock or fund to the amount of four pounds per annum, vidend ot ihall be considered as equivalent to one hundred pounds of per- ^ock t[:ie

i r r ^ ,  r  V \ r r * amount Ot

tonal ettate, and <0 after that rate lor any greater or leis (urn. 4p perann.

to be taken as iool. personal efcate, in respect to qualifie.tion for comaiilfioners#

XIII.  And be it further enabled, That all appeals from the ^  ^

commis.ioners to be appointed for the county of the city of York the c'ty of° (hall be heard and determined by the commissioners of appeals York to be to appointed for the north riding of the county of York; and all .appeals the commis.from the commissioners to be appointed for the county of the ^orlet? °f aP-

^ *  J  rvpp I  f  kp

city of Bristol.(hall be heard and determined by the commissioners riding-of appeals for the county of Gloue.ster.  .  A. and thole, tor

Briltol to the commis.icncrs for Gleucester.lute.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every, person who (half, Perfons in-under and by virtue of the laid, firs.-mentioned adr have signisi.d,fen<^ng to be or Ihall hereast.r signify his or her intention to be assessed by the commercial ' commercial commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the commissioners laid firs.-mentioned ad, in the manner thereby directed, (hall, on shall, (before or before the thirtieth day of Marchone. .thou fend seven hundred March 30, and ninety-nine, in cafe commercial commissioners (hall be then appointed for the didrid within which such person (hall reside, or appointed, etherwife within ten days after such appointment, and in every if not within subsequent year on or before the thirtieth day of March in such ten days after year, deliver a statement of his or her income, made according to the directions of the said ad, to such commercial commis. mishone.s). fioners, of to the person appointed.or authorised in manner di- and,annually, reded by the said ad to receive the fame; and such commis. before March, fioners, or such person as aforesaid, ■ (hall thereupon give to the state.ert^f ‘ person or persons delivering such statement, or to the person at- their "income tending on his, her, or their belial., a certifie.te under the hand to such com-of any one or more of such. ,copn mi (fioners, or under the hand of mi. ill oners ;

who (hall thereupon

the person fo appointed and authorised by them-, an aforesaid, of the delivery or his, her, or -theirTcatement* according to the di- o-iv^critifi-redions of the said ftrfl-mentioned ad, .which,certifie.te ihall, cate of within three days after -the ‘delivery thereof,- be ibewn and pre- such delivery, sent.d to the assessors, or ope of them, of the district in which he,

(he, or they (hall have signisi.d his, her, or their intention of be- days' be uVo-ing assessed as aforesaid, who (hall endorfe thereon that the fame duced to the hath been, and the time when the fame was, fo (hewn and pre- afifdor of the sent.d to him or them; and every person who.(hall negleet.to de- (p.q^fndorfe liver such statement, and to transmit such certifie.te, in the manner t!‘e pame; per-and within the time herein-before directed, (hall be chargeable, and fons neglect.(hall be assessed for his or her income by the commissioners for the big to-deliver purposes of the said acl, appointed for the difirid.within which ^uch ^ate* such person (hall reside, as if such person had not returned his or transit the her intention of being assessed by such commercial .commis.ioners certifie.te to as aforesaid; and every such person who (hall negied to deliver the assis.iors,

such.jhali bc aflc,r-by the general

W L/ A±i

coi£nii:l:untifr

Notices flinll be delivered by asst.fors to persons chargeable as loon as pof-fible after Feb. 5, in each future year. Certain parts of f. 106. and 109. of c. 13. (requiring commercial

160 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

statement. or transmit such certifie.te in manner aforesaid, rot exceeding whet^er such afi*eflment shall have been made or not, (hall for-20^  *  feit a sum, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, to be re-

covered as any penalty may be recovered under the said first: -mentioned adt.

XV.  And^ to the end that in every subsequent year sufficient time may he given for making such-returns and ajfejfments, be it further enabled, That the respect.ive commis.ioners for the purposes of the said firs.-mentioned adl (hall, as soon after the fist. day of February in every such year as can conveniently be done, issue their instructions, directions, and warrants, to the respect.ive assessors, in order that such aftess.rs may forthwith deliver notices to the respective parties required to make such returns by the said adl, and that such returns may be delivered in time for the making such asse.fments.

XVI.  And be it further enacted. That fo much of the fafd first recited act as requires the commercial commis.ioners, ap-

.......... pointed under the said adi, to transmit the counterparts of certifi-

commis.ioners cates issued of sums a fie (Ted by them to thee.sh.er of the governor to transmit and company of the bank of England, or to any receiver general, in of their cei*tS manner  by the said adl, and also fo much of the said adt

tificates to the as rest.ires calli.er of the bank of England, or any receiver bank, &c. and general, to transmit to any commis.ioner or commis.ioners any the bank, &c. account of sums of money paid on account of any instalment fudTcomlt t0 °r ^n^a^ments to  under  that  adf, and the respect.ive

milfionerran nurnbers and letters to which any sums remaining unpaid shall reaccount of fpe&ively relate, and also fo much of the said adt as relates to the sums paid and granting certifie.tes of payments by the calli.er of the bank of to grant certi- England, or such receivers general, or their deputies relpedtively, pealed  be, anc* t^ie ^ame are hereby repealed.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That all persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, and societies, asse.ied by the commercial commis.ioners appointed for the city of London and its vicinity, in the said fiift-recited adt mentioned, and all persons, bodies, corporations, fraternities, and societies, asse.ied by any

may paytheir other commercial commis.ioners, shall and may pay to the ca-asse.fments fhier of the bank of England, their several and respective sums into the bank, assessed, either in the whole, or any such proportion as they shall fnfbdmertsm  f° ^iat the amount required by the said first recited adt to

due time'; an he paid hv instalments shall not be in arrear after the days fixed by the said adt for the payment thereof; and thee.sh.eros.the bank of England shall, upon the receipt of any such sum or sums of money, enter the lame in the manner directed by the said adt, and shall, on demand from time to time, permit copies of the entries fo made to be taken by such person as shall be appointed to take ed to be taken the fame by the respective commercial commis.ioners, who shall.

cmlCcommis.i ^aVe a^e^e(* l^e ^ums Pai(^ as aforesaid; and if fu°h commis.

oners,who on fioners shall, upon referene. to their private books, find that any

finding by re- sums fo afiesse.t.are in arrear and unpaid after the time fixed by

ferene. to the- said adt for the payment thereof, such commis.ioners shall their own  pro.

Perfons afiesse.t.by commercial com-mishone.s, in London or ellewhere,

account of which payments shall be kept at the bank, and copies allow-

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IfT. c. 22.  161

proceed for the recovery thereof in like manner in every respect books that

as is directed for the recovery of like arrears by the faici a<51.  ^ sum is

J  J  in arrear, may

proceed for recovery of the fame as under f. 109. of c. 13.

XVIII.  And be it further enacfed, That in cafe any person or Perfons in-person. engaged in trade or manus.cture, and intending to be tending to be assessed by any commercial commissioners, appointed under the ^^ercial said first recited acct, for any city, town, or place, (except commissioners the city of London and its vicinity), {hall also intend to pay inthee.untry, his, her, or their assessment or respective assessments at the bank and proposing of England, instead of paying the fame to the receiver general of ^ Pa7 r^el"r-the county, riding, or place, in which such assessment (hall be to th<TbanV,IU made, as is directed to be done by the said act, and at the time (instead.of to of delivering his, her, or their statement or statements of in- the receiver come, or at any time afterwards, before any assessment shall be made upon him, her, or them, and entered in the books of the ^ ^ ^ b*e_ relpediive commissioners, shall signify such his, her, or their in- fore assis.-tention in writing, to the commercial commissioners to whom ment, give such statement of income shall have been, or (hall be delivered, poboe.of such that then and in every such cafe the said commissioners shall insert, o” payment.to in the certifie.te of assessment made upon such person, that such such commis.notice hath been given, and (ball cause the name or names of such iioners, who person or persons respec.tively to be entered orregistere. in manner jhaft roel}h°n in the said act* directed, in a separate book to be kept for that £7 their purpose; and such commissioners (hall not in such cafe here- assis.inent, quired totransmit.any counterpart of the certifie.te or certifie.tes and register of any such last.mentioned aftefiment or assessments to any re- fu^^fo ceiver general, in manner in the said a£t directed, unless desau.t |^ca separate (hall be afterwards made in the payment of any such aftefiment at book; and the bank of England, in the manner required by this a£t: pro- need not vided always, That the names, alphabetically arranged, of all transmit cer-such.persons who {hall declare their intention to pay the sums af- ^h/receivers fefied upon them into the bank of England, with their respect.tive general, explaces of residene., (hall be delivered to the infpebtor or surveyor cept in desau.t of the district where such commercial commissioners shall be ap- °* payment.

such.person.7 name to be delivered to the surveyor of the dist.idt.

XIX.  And be it further enaeste., That all persons who shall Such persons, have given such notice as aforesaid, but not otherwise, except on producing within the city of London and its vicinity as aforesaid, (hall, within a^he the respec.tive times limited by the laid first recited adf for pay- cates of their ment of the sums assessed, and on production at the bank of Eng- afTeflments land of their resp.xtive certifie.tes of assessment, marked, number- may pay the ed, or lettered, as by the said a6t is directed, pay, or cause to be paid, amount there# into the said bank of England the amount of their respective asse.f- or by'instal. ments, or any part or proportion thereof, at such times and in ments in due such proportions as they shall chuse, lb as the sums with which time, under they (hall .be respectively charged, or any part thereof, shall not the letter> be in arrear after the respective times limited for payment there- j^certifi-of under the respective letters or numbers marked on such certi- cate. t0 h>e ficates, to the account of the commercial commissioners acting placed tc the for the city, town, or place, where such certifie.te {hall have been account of Vol. XLIL  M  issued.

162  Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

the coromer- ifiued as aforesaid (which account the governor and company of cial commis. the bank of England are hereby required to open with such com-flow,11 of the mifiioners respectively for that purpose); and-the ca(hier or dist.i&sTthe cafr*iers °f the bank of England (hall, upon the receipt of any bank shall re- such sums of money on account of any such commissioners, enter ceive and en- the fame with the said resp.£tive numbers and figures fet opposite \vithoutame> t^ereto> without requiring the names of the persons on whose requiring  account the fame fhail.be paid, and fnall forthwith grant certifi-

any name;  cates acknowledging the receipt of such respective sums; which

and shall grant la ft mentioned certifie.tes (hall be delivered to such last men-taone<^ cornmercial commissioners, and the delivery of such cer-v/hich being tificates to the said last mentioned commercial commissioners delivered to  shall be a sufficient discharge  to  such persons for the amount  of

such.commis.  the respective sums fo paid  as  aforesaid ; and  the cashier  or

^Tchar ^the ca^ers  of  England  shall,  from  time  to  time,  trans.

peid'ons^af- G to fuc^ mentioned commercial commissioners respectively, fdled. The  whensoever the fame shall be  required by them,  accounts of  ail

bank when  monies fo paid into the bank  of  England, under  the account  of

required filial] the resp.flive commercial commissioners to whose account the such 'conunif* fame  have been paid, with the respective figures and letters

fioners, ac-  under which such sums shall have been paid as aforesaid.

counts of the sums fo paid, with the respective figures and letters under which the pay-■meats have been made.

Within ten XX And be it further enacted, That the respective last men-days after tioned commercial commissioners shall, within ten days after the ment^such. an^  f°  a^ter eac^ subsequent instalment appointed for the

com miilion. payment of the duties granted by the said fir ft recited aft, trans.er$'shall.trans. mit to the receivers general of the respective counties, ridings, mitan ac- or places, where the certifie.tes of such aflefl'ments shall have ^ross.amount ^cen ^ue(^ as aforesaid, or their respective deputies, and in Scot-of all sums ^ud to the receivers general'there, an account of the gross paid into the amount of all the several sums of money fo paid into the bank hank on such o 1 England under such certifie.tes as aforesaid, on account of

tothere.eiver eac^ mstal.enN which accounts shall be received by such general, receivers general as cash, and in discharge of fo much of the said which returns rates or duties granted by the said a<ft, as shall be mentioned shall.ereceiv-in such accounts as aforesaid; and in all cases.where any desau.t calli.and* ^  ma^e  *n payment of any sum or sums of money con-

\vhere desau.t tame^ in any such certifie.tes of assessment which ought to be fo is made in paid into the bank of England as last aforesaid, and such sum of payment by money fnall not be paid upon notice in writing thereof, by such aTffed^nno commercaai commissioners, in the manner directed by the said tice from the a&> such commercial commissioners shall forthwith cause all commis.ion- such sums of money fo in arrear as aforesaid, to be inserted in ers,according the duplie.tes of aflefl'ments to be delivered to the collector or c° rief collectors of the parish or place for which such assessment shall commis.ion- ma(^e ana given in charge to such collect.or or collectors, with ers.ih dl inst.t warrant to levy the fame in such and the like manner, and un-the firm due der the like powers, in every respect, as is directed by the said ftie^oH^o-’s rec‘tec* a(^- *n cai'es where the arrears are directed to be returned duplie.te'of ^ to ^ commercial - commissioners by the receivers general, asids.nent, to  and

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

and {hall also deliver to the respective receivers genera], or their respective deputies, counterparts of the certifie.tes of all such af-feflmcnts in payment whereof desau.t friall have been made as lafl- aforesaid, in like manner as if such assessments had been originally payable to such receivers general respect.vely.

XXI.  And be it further enacted, That the respective lafl: mentioned commercial commissioners (hall, on or before the fist. day of Jmie one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and fo yearly in every subsequent year during the time in the said first recited ad mentioned, or as soon after as conveniently can be done, transmit to the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes duplie.tes of the gross amount of all assessments made upon all persons who shall have iignisi.d their intention of paying their respective asse.Tments into the bank of England in manner hereinbefore directed ; and the cashier or cash.ers of the bank of England ill all also, from time to time whenever the fame shall be required, transmit to the said commissioners for the assai.s of taxes accounts of the gross sums received at the bank of England on account of any asse.Tments made by any commercial commissioners appointed under the authority of the said aft, distinguishing in such accounts the districts of the respective commercial commissioners to whose accounts such sums of money have been paid.

under such assessments on account of such commissioners in .. XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said first recited ad contained (hall be construed to extend to restrain the respective commercial commissioners to be appointed under the said ad from examining any person or persons in the presene. of their seer.tary, clerk, or other person or persons duly sworn to seer.e., according to the directions of the said ad, nor from disclosing the evidene. given by them, or any of them, to such seer.tary, clerk, or other person or persons fo sworn, for any of the purposes of the said adt.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That it (hall be laws.l for.the respective commissioners of appeal for any county, riding, (hire, or ftevvartry, or any division thereof, to ernploy a fit person to be their clerk, whose duty it shall be to receive all appeals to be laid before the said respective commissioners, and also all statements of commissioners for executing the purposes of this ad, who ought to be aflelTed by the said respective commissioners of appeal, and to enter the fame in proper books for that purpose, and all such other ads as the said respect.ve' commis.fioners ■ of appeal shall, in the execution of the said ad, direct; and the said respective commissioners of appeal shall, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, allow to such clerk such salary or reward for each day's attendane. as the said respective commissioners of appeal, with such approbation as aforesaid, shall order, not exceeding the rate at which attornies or solicitors are ufuaily paid for the like work; which sums fo ordered and allowed, the cashier or cash.ers of the bank, or the respective receivers general, on the production.

the certifie.tes signed by two or more of such respective com-;  M2,  mi  (Turners

165

be levied by him; and shall then deliver counter-’ parts of iiidi assessment to the receiver general.

Such commis.fioners (hall annually, before June 5, transmit to the tax office duplie.tes of the gross amount of all such affiefs.- 1 merits; and the bank, when required, /hall also transmit to the tax office accounts of the gross sums received each dist.idt.

Commercial commissioners may in all cases.examine persons in the presene. of such commis.foners* sworn clerk, Sec. or dilclos. the evidene. to such clerk,&c.

Commif-fioners of appeal may employ a clerk to receive appeals, and statements of income from general commissioners, &c. luch clerk to be paid, with the approbation of the tax office, by the bank or receivers general, on certifie.te of his attendane., &c. by the commis.ion* ers,

money for incidental expences.

164 Anno regni tricesimo nono Geoegii III. c. 22. [1798.

missioner. of appeal, certifying the number of days on which such clerk attended them, (hall pay out of any monies in their hands of the duties granted by the said first recited adt. order Them ^  XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever money

bank or re. shall be wanting to defray the incidental expences of the said first ceivers gene- recited adt, if the cashier or cash.ers of the bank of England, or ral to advane. the respective receivers general, shall not have then received, and have in his or their hands sufficient monies of the duties granted by this adt, it shall be laws.l for the lords commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, from time to time to direct such cashier or cash.ers, or the respective receivers general, to advane. and pay out of any publick monies in their hands such sums as (hall be required for the said purposes, and to replace the fame from time to time out of the first monies that shall come into their hands respectively of the said duties by this Traders may adt granted.

beafTefled by XXV. And be it further enacted, That any person or per-commfshone.a ^ons engagee. xn trade or manus.cture may be afTefled by the for the district commercial commissioners acting for the district wherein such where their trade or manus.cture shall be carried on, although such person trade is car- or persons shall not be resident within such dist.idt. ried on. ^ XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall ^t^assis.aSs" happen stiff.cient persons shall not have been named to take to commercial upon themselyes.the office of assistants to any commercial com-missioner. appointed under the said first recited a<S, then and in every such cafe it shall be laws.l for the said commercial com-missioner., and they are hereby empowered, if they shall think the fame necefiary, to call to their assistane. any person or per-fons willing to give assistane., and who may, in the opinion of such commissioners, be best able and competent to judge of the amount of the reputed income of the person or persons, bodies, corporations, fraternities, or societies, whose statement shall be under confideratien.before the said commissioners, (although such persons shall not be qualisle. as in the said recited adt is of income, as direct.ed), and shall enquire of such persons their opinion of such *ini^r.  amounts of reputed income, without disclosing to them, or any

o'ccafional  or eirher of them, the amount contained in any such statement, as

assis.ants hav- by the said adt is required : provided always. That any person fo ing previously callee. before such commissioners to give such assistane. as afore-said, shall, before the said commissioners, take the oath in the said first recited adt directed to be taken by commercial com-milli.ne.s : provided also, That such commissioners shall after such enquiry, where the lame (hall be thought necestar. as afore-said, or without such enquiry where the fame shall be thought by the said commissioners to be unnecestar., proceed in the making their aftefTments in such and the like manner in every respect as if such person or persons, fo calied.upon for such ash.t-ance as aforesaid, had been appointed in manner directed by the

commis.ion-ers have not been named, such commissioners may call in any proper persons as assistants, and enquire their opinion on the amount

taken the oath required by f. 116. of that adt; and com mi f-foners shall proceed to make their aftefTments,

Scc. as if such occas.onal

assis.ants had been regulari. said adt. appointed, XXVTL And be it further enacted, That whenever any per-icm shall, after the said fist. day of April one thousand seven.

hundred

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

hundred and ninety-nine, and before the fist. day of April one thousand eight hundred, or within the like period in the course of any succeeding year during the continuance of the said first: recited aft, become entitled to any income arising from any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, wheresoever the fame (hall be situate in Great Britain, or elsewhere, or from any kind of personal property, or other property whatever, or from any office, stipend, or pension, either on his or her own belial., or on the belial. of any other person as trustee, agent, receiver, guardian tutor, curator, or-committee, or in any other character, either fe-parately, or jointly with any other person, and such income shall not have been ineluded.in the amount of any former statement of the income of such person made, that then and in every such cafe, such person shall, within twenty-eight days after such income shall have acer.ed, (unless.the former statement for such year shall be sufficient to cover the fame), give notice thereof to. the aftefior or afTeftors of the parish or place within which he or (he shall reside, and within which he or she intends to be charged in respect of such income, and shall also at the time of giving such notice return a statement of the amount of such income to such aflelTor or a fie (Tors, in like manner in every respect as is directed in the said recited aft or this aft for the return of statements to afTeftors under the said aft or this aft; and an aftefTment shall be made upon every such person in respect of such income, from the period when such income acer.ed until the end of the then current year; and the commis.ioners for the purposes of the said aft, acting in and for the district within which such return shall have been made, shall, upon notice thereof, and delivery of such statement to them by the alTelTor or afrestor. receiving the fame, proceed in the making their aftefTment in respect of such income, in such and the like manner in every respect as is directed by the said first recited aft for making any aftefTment upon income; and such commis.ioners shall thereupon add the amount of such aftefTment to any former aftefTment that shall have been made for that year upon the persons returning such statement, or if no such former aftefTment shall have been made, such com mi f-stone.s shall make a new aftefTment in respect of such income, and proceed in all respects in the collecting and levying of the fame in like manner as is directed in the said first recited aft; and if any person hereby required to give such notice, or return any such statement, shall negleet.l'o to do within the time hereinbefore specified for that purpose, such person (hall fors.it and pay for such offence a sum not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the staid first recited aft.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such income shall acer.e to any such person as afore-said, in the course of any year, by reason of the death of any person who shall at the time of making the aftefTment for such year have ineluded.such income in his or her statement, and shall have been assessed for the fame, it shall and may be laws.l for

M3  the

165

Perfons becoming entitled after April5jin any year, either on their own belial.s, or as trustees, &rc. to any income whatever not ineluded.in their statements, shall, within zo days after the acer.ing of such income, (unless.the former statement is fuiricient to cover the fame), give notides thereof to the af* fess.rs, with a statement of the amount, Sec. and the fame shall be charged for the remainder of the year, and lhall.be added to any former aftefTment, or if no such hash.enmade, put into a new aftefTment, and levied and colle<5ted as if made at the commencement of the year.

Penalty on not giving such notice, See. not exceeding 20I.

Where such income acer.es by death, the represe. tatives ofthedecease. may apply to the commit-

166 Anno regni triceiimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1793.

iioner.5,and the respective commis.ioners, under the said first recited aft, upon returning on applie.tion made for that purpose by the heirs, executors, or oVthe^rfon* a^m^n^rators  person fo dying, or any of them, and on a

to whom the returu of the name and residene. of the person or persons to income ac- whom such income (hall acer.e by reason of such death, to dif-crues, and charge such heirs, executors, or administrators, from any fur-thJ'dmh^of *^er Payment ^or or ln re^Peft of such income, other than for the party shall.uc^ Part t^ere°f as shall have acer.ed before such death, and to receive a’cer- grant a certifie.te of such discharge to such heirs, executors, or ' tificate of dif-administrators; and that such certifie.te, on delivery thereof to chm-ge, to^be t|ie resp.<5live commis.ioners, or to the collector or colle.tors, or ' the collectors rece;*ver general, or his deputy, (hall be a sufficient discharge to &C.  such heirs, executors, or administrators, from anv further payment

in respect of the sum that shall be aseer.ained in such certifie.te Agents to as aforesaid.

person. otfull XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any agent to any 1-fn^dom* & other person, being of full age, and out of this kingdom, shall rnakina; it fa- not have sufficient money in his hands to pay the sum which tisf’.eton.yap-  ought to be contributed on the belial. of  such other person,  at

pear that they  t]ie  t;me when payment thereof ought to  be made by virtue  of

have  the  said first recited aft, and (hall prove,  to the satisfaction  of

the  commis.ioners for the purposes of the  said aft, that he hath

not since the delivery of the statement had sufficient money, in his hands for payment thereof, or that, from death, revocation of authority, or other cause, such payment ought to be delayed,

funds iiiffi-cient to pay the contribution ot Inch principal, or that from rer vocation of authority,

or the afleiTment made upon such statement.

ought, to

be dis-

charged or vacated, it lhall be laws.l for the said commis.ioners

^c. the aiicfl- [n fucfi cafe, and on such proof as aforesaid, to dires. such pay-

vacated110 mcnt t0 A>e suspended until sufficient money shall come into the

roay bereliev- hands of such agent for payment thereof, or such afteflment to

edbythee.m- be discharged or vacated, as the cafe may require, subject never-

■missioner., theleis.to an appeal by the surveyor or inspector, to the determi-

iubjftt to ap- nat;on 0f t}ie fojfi comniifiioners in the manner directed by the peal bv the . .  J

surveyor,  a^*

under f. 64. of XXX. And be it further enacted, That fo much of the said c. 13.  first recited aft as enacts, that no discount or allowane. what-

So much of ever shall be allowed or paid on any sum or sums of money to i. 95. oi'c. 13. pajcj :nt0 t]-je bank of England, in pursuance of the said afts shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXI.  And be it further enacted, That if any person having into the bank, recived, from the collector of any parish or place, notice, in repealed. writing, of the amount of his or her asse Ament, or who shall have received, from the commercial commis.ioners appointed under the said first recited aft, the certifie.te of his or her afieflment, shall be desirous of paying the duly in advane. at the bank of England, it shall be laws.l for the cashier or cash.ers of the said .producing the bank of England^ on production of the notice or certifie.te of tificat^ ther.r" a^e^ment at dme °f payment of the said duty in ad-ot, may pay vane.5 (the film fo paid not in' pny cafe to be less than the sum the duty in which appears, by such certifie.te, to .be payable by three in-advane. at stal.enls), to make an allowane. at the rate ot five pounds per Jheb.wik.apd  '  „ntm

>.'ij paying

as difdlows discount on money paid

Any person, on receiving the amount ot ids asets..nlent, and

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.  167

centum per annum^ out of the sum or sums fo paid in advane., three instal.calculated upon such sum or sums, for the period or periods by ments or which each respective sum shall be paid sooner than the period prese.ibed by the said first recited aft, for payment thereof; and count on each, in every such cafe the said cashier or cash.ers (hall give the per- at the rate of fon paying the fame a certifie.te of such payment, and a dupli- 5b pereen..: cate thereof, specifying therein the number of instal.ne.ts there-fuJh^menU by discharged, and the amount of the allowane. for such prompt to be g[ven by payment, and referring thereby to the notice or certifie.te of a(- the bank. fe/Tment then produced, and the description of the person, number, or letter therein mentioned; and all such allowane.s shall oe made by the said cashier or cash.ers, out of the duties to be paid in at the said bank of England, at the time of paying the fame.

XXXII.  And be it further enabled. That whenever all the The majority

commis.ioners for the purposes of the said firs. recited aft, or the ?  .

major part of them, present at any meeting holden under the at any meet-ftid aft, shall adjudge that there is just cause to disallow the ap- ing may dif-plie.tion of any surveyor or inspector to revise any statement as allow the spin the said aft is mentioned, then and in such cafe, but not j^rv^ors^o other wife, it shall be laws.l for the said com mifii oners to difal- revise Hate-low the fame; any thing in the said aft contained to the con- ments. [fee f. trary notwithstanding.  53* of c- -'3«]

XXXIII.  And be it further enacted, That the schedules to Former fcbe-

the said first recited aft annexed shall be, and the fame are here-  ^

by repealed;- and that the several schedules to this aft annexed, duies subs.i-and all and every the provisions of this aft, shall, in the execu- tuted.

tion of the said recited aft and of this aft, be severally applied and construed in like manner as if the said schedules and provisions were specially enacted in the said aft or this aft; and that the said several schedules to this aft annexed, with their respective rules, directions, marks, and referene.s, (hall be deemed and taken to be a part of the said recited aft and of this aft; and that all the provisions of the said aft, and every referene. therein contained to the schedules to the said aft annexed, (hall (except where the fame are hereby expressly varied) he applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to the schedules to this aft annexed, and be extended to and construed in like manner as it the fame had been enacted in the laid aft or this aft.

XXXIV.  And be it further enacted, That this aft, or any of Aft may be tile provisions thereof, maybe altered, varied, or repealed, by* ajt<-red 07* ve* any aft or afts to be palied.in this presea. fefEou of parhame.t. IftRon * U

M 4,

The

168

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798. The SCHEDULES to which this a6t refers.

(A.)

RULES for estimating the income of the current year of per-fons to be assessed under the ad of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

I. INCOME arifmg from lands, tenements, and hereditaments. GENERAL RULE.

In all the undermentioned cases.whenever the term “Annual Value of Lands” is used, the fame is to be understood as signifying the aggregate amount of the rent at which the fame are let, or if not let, are worth to be let by the year, according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the fame neighbourhood ; together with the payments within the year for ail parochial and other taxes, rates, and af-ieflments, charged upon the respective occupiers in re-sped.of such lands; and also the value of tythes, where taken in kind, or of the sums paid in satisfaction for the fame; after tieduding from such aggregate amount the fourth part thereof.

I ft, INCOME of owners of lands,

FIRST CASE.

Income of lands occupied hy the owner.

Such income shall be taken at the amount of one year’s rent, according to the rate at which such lands are worth to be let by the year according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the fame neighbourhood, regard being had to the demands to which such lands may be liable for or in respect of parochial and other taxes, rates, and assessments, and of tythes, or any satisfaction for the fame, or from which demands such lands may be free; and also of a sum not less than the amount of one quarter, or more than one half, of the annual value of such lands, estimated as in the general rule aforesaid, in addition to such rent; except where the lands have come into the occupation of the owner within eighteen months past, on the expiration of a lease, or the death or failure of a tenant, in which cafe the fame [hall be valued at one year’s rent only of lands of the like quality, as aforesaid.

Deductions to be made from the First Case.

The amount of land tax payable for one year preceding.

The amount of fee farm rents, quit rents, rent charges, ground rents, and other rents payable by such owner, or other

charges

1798.] Anno regni trieefimo none Georgii III. c. 22.

charges which the owner of the land {hall be bound by tenure to pay, or for the expence of drainage under any commission of sewers, estimated for one year, next preceding.

Repairs of buildings, const.cting of a principal messuage, occupied by the owner, and other buildings, occupied with a farm of,lands or tythes at an average, to be sett.ed at the dise.etion of the commiihone.s under all the circumstane.s, not exceeding eight pounds per centum on the annual value of the farm, efti-mated as in the general rule; but if there be no principal messuage, then at the like average, not exceeding three pounds per centum on the like annual value:

Alfo on account of expences in draining lands, such sum as the commiihone.s {hall allow, not exceeding in any cafe three pounds per centum on the annual value of the lands improved by such drainage.

And in respect of embankments from the sea, or any river, when the fame (hall be necessary for the occupation of lands, or by reason of tenure therein, such sum as the commissioners, under all the-circumstane.s, {hail allow.

SECOND CASE.

House. and buildings occupied by the owner.

The income arising from such houses or other buildings {hall be taken to be the fair rent at which houses of the like description are usually let or might be let by the year, unfurnished, as near as may be; but where the fame are or shall be rated to the tax on inhabited houses, then not to be taken at less than such rate.

Deductions.

Repairs, at the best average, in the judgement of the commissioners, and not exceeding ten pounds per centum on such rent as aforesaid.

Other deductions as in the fir ft cafe.

THIRD CASE.

Lands, tenements, or her edit ament s, in the occupation of tenants at rack rent.

The income arising from such lands (hall be taken to be the full amount of the rent reserved.

Deductions.

As in the first cafe, if payable by the owner; and also the amount of the tythes, or the satisfaction for the fame, and rate§ and taxes, if payable by the owner, and also the actual expences of collecting the rents.

FOURTH CASE.

Lands^ tenements'! or hereditaments, demised to tenants in cotis.deration of a fine paid and rent reserved.,

The

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

The income arising from such lands (hall be taken to be the amount of the rent for one year, and of such sarthe. sum in respect of the fines from the said lands, as will amount to a sum equal to what were or would be the receipts of one year, on such average as (hall be sett.ed or confirmed by the respective commissioners before whom the question (hall be depending.

Deductions.

As in the third cafe, if payable by the owner.

FIFTH CASE.

hands, tenements, or her edit aments, demised to tenants 'in const deration of a fine without rent reserved, or a nominal rent only.

A fair average of the fines, as under the fourth cafe.

Deductions.

As under the third cafe, if payable by the owner.

SIXTH CASE.

House. demised to tenants at rack rent.

The income arising from such houses (hall be tak^n to be the full amount of the rent reserved for one year.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second cafe. Other deductions, as under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble, if payable by the owner.

SEVENTH CASE.

House. demised to tenants in confederation of rent reserved and fine,

As under the fourth cafe, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second cafe. Other deductions, as under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble, if payable by the owner.

EIGHTH CASE.

Hotfes demised to tenants in consideration of a fine, without rent) or 4 nominal rent only.

As under the fist. cafe, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second cafe. Other deductions, as under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble if payableby theowner.

.  ,  NINTH

1798.3  Anno regni tricefmio nono Chough III. 22.-

NINTH CASE.

Tythes in resp.fi of owners.

The income arising from such tythes fhail.be estimated on a fair average for three years preceding, of the a&uai value, if taken in kind, regard, in such cafe, being had to the expence incurred in collecting the fame, or, if compounded for, of the compositions received for the fame.

Deductions.

As under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble, if payable by the owner \ and also all payments made on account of parochial and other rates, taxes, and asse.finents, in respect of such tythes which (hall be payable by the owner.

TENTH CASE.

Prosi.s of manors, or of timber or woods, usually cut,periodically, and in certain proportions^ mifies, insurance offices from fire, and other prosi.s of uneer.ain annual amount.

The income arising theres.om shall be estimated on sue.. average as shall be sett.ed by the respective commissioners, before whom the question shall be depending, except in the cases.of mines, insurance offices from fire, where the average shall be taken on a term not exceeding five years.

Deductions,

As under the third cafe, as far as the fame are applie.ble, if payable by the owner.

2d. INCOME of tenants of lands, tenements, and hereditaments. ELEVENTH CASE.

Lands or hereditaments occupied by tenants at rack rents.

If the annual value of such lands or hereditaments, estimated as herein-before directed in the general rule be under three hundred pounds, then the income arising theres.om to the tenant shall be taken to be not less than one half, or more than two thirds of such value j and if at three hundred pounds or upwards, then to be at not less than three fist.s or more than three fourths of such value.

Deductions.

Such and no other deduction. as are herein-aftercomprise. under the head of General Deductions, if payable by the tenant.

TWELFTH CASE. ‘

The income arising from mines, tythes, woods, and other hereditaments of uneer.ain amount, when occupied by tenants, to be charged as the fame would be charged in the hands of the owner, deducing also the rent, payable for the fame.

THIRTEENTH

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

THIRTEENTH CASE.

Lands or tenements demised in consideration of fines, whether with or without a rent reserved.

The income arising from such lands or tenements (hall be estimated at the amount at which the fame would be estimated in the cafe of an owner occupying the fame, deducing theres.om a sum equal to the annual value of payments reserved to the owner, as directed to be estimated in the fourth cafe.

Deductions as in the eleventh cafe.

3d. INCOME of mesne lejfors, under demises, in consideration of fines, whether with or without a rent reserved, and of lands or tenements demised upon improveable leases.

FOURTEENTH CASE.

In every such cafe, the income of every mesne Ieflor or leflbrs shall be charged at the fame amount as his income would be charged at if owner, deducting theres.om such rent and average of fines (if any) as (hall be paid thereout to his or her immediate Ieflor.

II. INCOME arifmg from personal property and from trades, prosessions, offices, pens.ons, allowane.s, fiipends, employments, and vocations.

FIFTEENTH CASE.

I ft. INCOME from any trade, proses..n> office, pension, allowane., Jlipend, employment, or vocation, being of uneer.ain annual amount.

The income arising theres.om to be taken for the first year of being charged, (hall be estimated either at not less than the full amount of the prosi.s or gains of such trade, prosession, office, pension, allowane., stipend, employment, or vocation, within the preceding year, or at the election of theperson.charged, at a sum not less than the fair and just average for one year of the amount of the prosi.s or gains of such trade, prosession, office, pension, allowane., stipend, employment, or vocation, in the three years preceding, and in all succeeding years, the income to be reckoned according to the fame mode which the said person (hall have chosen to take in the first year.

Deductions.

No other deductions to be made from such income, than such as are herein-after comprized under the head of General Deductions; except two thirds of the rent paid by the tenants ofhouses, part whereof is occupied and used by such tenants as an open {hop for retail trade only; or by innkeepers and other persons licensed to fell wine, ale, or other liquors, by

retail.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. it. t

retail, to be drank in their respec.tive houses; or by persons keeping any school, aeadem., or seminary for learning, and usually having their scholars to board and lodge (to a number not less than ten) in their respective dwelling houses; and aifo, except any rate charged in respect.t thereof by virtue of any a61 for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax; or on offices, pensions, stipends, or personal estates, by any a& for the services of the year for which the computation shal. be made; or upon pensions, or salaries, fees, and wages, in re-sped. of offices of prosi., by an a£f, pafied in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First; or upon pensions, gratuities, offices, or employments of prosi., by an a£f, pafied in the thirty— first year of his late majesty King George the Second.

SIXTEENTH CASE.

2d. INCOME from offices, pensions, stipends, annuities, interejl of money, rent charge, or other payments of the like nature, being of certain annual amount.

The income possessed by the fame person during the whole of the preceding year, to betaken at not less than the whole income paid or payable in respect thereof, within the year preceding, ending on the fist. day of February in each year, or on fiich other day of the year as the annual payments have been usually completed; and income not possessed by the fame person during the whole of the preceding year, at not less than the whole income (as far as the fame can be computed) which will become payable in the succeeding year.

General Deductions to be allowed; and also any tax of charge in respect of the fame, imposed by any act or acts. .

III.  INCOME arising out of Great Britain.

SEVENTEENTH CASE.

I ft. From foreign poss.efs.ons.

The full amount of the actual annual net income received in Great Britain, either estimating such receipt in the first year of being charged, at the election of the person charged, according to the year ending the fist. day of February immediately preceding such estimate, or according to the average of the three years preceding such fist. day of February, or on such day in each year on which the account of such income has been usually made up; and in all succeeding years, the annual receipt to be reckoned in the fame mode which the person charged shal. have chosen to take in the first year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

EIGHTEENTH

Anno regni-trxcefimo nono Georgii IIL c. zz* [1798,

EIGHTEENTH CASE.

2d, MONET arising from foreign fecurlties.

The annual income of such securities, if the fame were exiting in the preceding year, to be estimated according to the produce of fuc&.year, and if the fame were not then existing, to be computed upon the expected produce of the current yean

General Deductions to be allowed.

IV.  INCOME not falling under any of the foregoing rules.

Such income to be estimated to the the bell of the knowledge and belief of the person receiving the fame entitled thereto; and such estimate to be delivered to the com milli.ne.s, together with a statement of the nature of such income, and the grounds on which the amount thereof (hall have been fo estimated.

General Deductions to be allowed.

GENERAL DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1.  The amount of annual interest payable for debts owing by the party, or charged upon the property of the party, from which any income (hall arise.

2.  The amount of allowane.s to any child or children, or other relations, such child or children, or other relation or relations not making a part of the family of the party, and of whole names and places of.relict.ne. the aftest.rs and surveyors (hall have had notice by a declaration according to the form No. 4.

3.  Aftefied taxes under the two a£ts of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the duties on houses, windows, and lights, on inhabited houses, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majesty other duties on houses, windows, and lights, and on inhabited houses, in lieu thereof; and for repealing the duties upon male seryan.s, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

4.  The amount of any annuity payable by the party, either as a debt or charge upon his or her income, (excepting any payment jlo the wife of any party living with such party, for which (he, or any trustee or trustees on her belial., shall not bt duly charged under this a<3).

5.  Perfons who have made or (hall make insurance on their respective lives, or on the lives of their respective wives, shall be at liberty, in addition to. an; .other deductions, to deduct.the amount of the premium of such insurance for the current year.

6,  Perfons

1798.] Anno ragni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. x 6. Perfons entitled to any income during and depending upon the life or lives of any other person or persons who have made, or {hall make, insurance on the life or lives- of such other person or persons, {hall be at liberty, in addition to any other deductions,

(except the deduction herein-after mentioned), to dedu£t the amoupt of the premiums of such last mentioned insurance for the current year ; provided that if, after the death of such other person or persons on whose life or lives such insurance (hall have been made, the income, or any part thereof from which such premiums have been deduced, (hall be continued, or the estate from whence the fame arose renewed, or shall have been usually continued,or the estate from whence the fame arose shall have been usually renewed by the payment of a fine or fines, then and in such cafe no deduction (hall be allowed on account of such fine or fines which shall have been paid, or would become payable, on any such.enewal.

PARTICULAR DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1.  The amount of the tenths and first fruits, duties and fees on presentations paid by any ecclesiastical person within the year preceding that in which the computation (hall be made.

2.  Procurations and synod.ls paid by ecclesiastical persons, on an average of seven years preceding that in which the computation shall be made.

3.  Repairs of chaneels.of chure.es by any rector, vicar, or other person bound to repair the fame, on an average of twenty-;one years preceding, as aforesaid, or as nearly thereto as can be produced.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE of INCOME of

Z.

3*

4.

DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY from which INCOME anses,

7-

8.

13

*4-J5-16.

17-

18.

^  j.  d.

Lands occupied by me as owner j  ,~lue

House. and buildings occupied by me as owner Lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in occupation of tenants at rack rent  -

Lands, tenements, or heredita- I amount of fines £. ments, demised to tenants in y on an average f consideration of a fine paid and "S of years C

* amount of rent'

d.

Annual Income*

rent referred

Lands, tenements, or hereditaments, demised to (  fi.^S  )

tenants in consideration of a fine, without<  ^  >

any rent reserved, or nominal rent only -  ^  Gf  a years /

House. demised to tenants at rack rent

House. demised to tenants in consideration of rent reserved and fine House. demised to tenants in consideration of a fine without rent, or a nominal rent, only  -

Tythes received in kind, or compo- f amount of average re- ) fition reserved for the fame -  (  ceipt  for three years )

£• d.

average receipt for years do  -  do

do  -  do

do-not exceeding five years i other prosi.s of uneer.ain amount do for  years

Lands or hereditaments demised to me, as tenant at rack rent s manors -  -

( timber - -  ^

% woods -  /demised.to me,

(

manors

timber

t,  r  1  woods

Prosi.s of< mines

£.s.

Prosi.s of <

1 other heredita-

Vtythes

f taking < kind < pound

> average the fame ments of uneer. i as the ioth casey tain amount -  ;  deducting the rent

payable. in 3 as in the 9th ^ com- 5-cafe, deduct- r ded for 3ingtherent )

Lands or tenements demised to me in consideration ofa fine, ^ whether with or without a rent reserved ; annual value -  ^

S Lands ortenements demised to mein consideration 3 £. s. A of fine, with or without a rent, and underlet to > a tenant -  )

Lands demised to me at rent, and underlet to a tenant at an improved rent From prosession, offices, pensions, stipends,employments, trade or vocation being of uneer.ain annual amount -  -

From offices, pensions, stipends, annuities, interest of money, rent -charge, and other payments being of certain annual amount, and allowane.s applied to my use, including the income of the wife, if any, for which she or her trustee or trust.esshall.not be charged living with hush.nd, though separately secured From foreign possessions  -

From money ariling from foreign securities From any income not falling under any of the above heads, or within the rules prese.ibed by the ad Nature of the income, and grounds on which \ the amount thereof is estimated -  )

Total amount of income lVdudions from above  •*

Income chaigeable

of the Parifh of

(D.)

in the Division.of

DEDUCTIONS.

Land tax payable on the several properties mentioned ^ under Nos  on  the  other  fide,  from  the  \

jr. s. d.

to the

day of

day of

la ft pa ft  -

Fines paid upon an average of years ee farm rents payable otit of Nos on the other fide Quit rents, payable out of Nos  -  do

Kent charges, payable out of N°>  -  do

Ground rent, payable out of N°»  -  do

Other rents, payable out of N©5  -  do

Tenths  ...  do

Procurations, synod.ls, payable (by ecclesiastical per-fons) out of N°3 upon an average of seven years

rOf farm, with principal messuage, under Of farm buildings, without principal messuage, under Nos <  -

C by rate

Of draining lands, under Nos < for improve-ReDa:r,)  (ment  of  lands

"  1  Of  embankments,  under  Nos

Of houses and buildings not occupied with a farm, under Nos  -

Of chaneels.of chure.es by re<5tors, vicars and others bound to repair the fame, upon an ave-rage of 21 years  -  -

Tythes-<

‘ Expences in cohering the fame, upon an average of three years -  -

Value thereof paid in kind, upon do average Value of compos.tiou for the fame, upon doave-* rage  *

Annual interest for debts,

( Perfonal ( Charged on Nos Allowane.s to children, or other relations; viz. [ Afiefle.d taxes under a£Vs 38 Geo. ill. c. 40,  41.

Annuities  -

Land tax on personal estates, offices, pensions, See. Premiums of insurance on life

Total amount of deduction.

s. d. ■

d.

n

Witnefs my hand this

day of

£• J* 1

—•

Memorandum:—The local Jit nation of the several properties in the opposite column mujl here he deferibed under their resp.ttive numbers ; and if in Great Britainy the several parish.s and counties in which they are situa.ey together with the fe veral places of residene. of the party .

You XLII.  N  A,  i*

AnitoregnitticefimononoGEORGii III. c. 22. [1798;

A. 1.

N° 1.

LIST containing the proper name of every lodger, inmate, and other person resident in the dwelling house, except seryan.s and infants, not having an income chargeable by virtue of the ads.

N° 2.

LIST containing the proper name and place of residene. of every person not reiident in Great Britain, and of every infant* idiot, lunatick, married woman, and other person having any income chargeable by virtue of the ads, of which I am irt receipt of as trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, curator, of committee, and also the name or names of such persons who are joined with me in such trust.

Name or names of persons above deferibed.  Descrip.ion and relict.nre of ]>erfons bein^ relpectively not resident m Great Britain, or infants, idiots, ht-naticks, or maried women, ov other persons as atore-said.  Name or names of trustees, &:c. joined with me in such truii, &c.

Witnefs my hand this  day-of

N° 3-

DECLARATION to be made by persons who have two of more dwelling house.* to be delivered to the assessors.

Ido declare, That I am desirous of being charged to the rates and duties granted by an ad of the

thirty*

i 798.] Anno regrii tricesimo riono Georgii IIL c. 22.

thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in the of  in the  of  *

* If the party meanjj to be charged in different parishes for different parts of the income, the statement. of the whole income must be filied.up and delivered in each of those panshe. ; and in such cafe the above must specify the several parities, ahd the respective proportions to be paid in each, by adding the fame in the following manner:

u Parifli of  in the  of  in

respect. of one  part df my ineon.e: arid in the parish of

in the  ^ of  irl  resp.ts. of one

other  part  of my income.*’

N° 4.

DECLARATION of the nafne and place df residene. of arijr person or persons to whom any allowane.s are made, which the party is entitled to dedtiEt.

Name or name of perlons above desc.ibed.  Place of reside.e..  Sum allowed.

N« 5.

DECLARATION of the number of children to be delivered to the commercial commissioners, if any income is to be assessed by them, if not, to the afTefTors.

Ido declare, That I have the undermentioned child born in laws.l wedlock, and principally maintained by tne^ and at my expence; and that I have not deduced any allowane. made by me to such child from my income.

| Above the age of fix years*

| Under the age of fix years*

being respectively the child  of*  in  respect of

Whom I claim an abatement after the rate of  per centum

from the furri which I have declared to be not less than one part of my income, in pursuance of the laid a£ts; and am ready to veris. this my declaration as the adt requires.

Witnefs my hand, this  day  of

* Here must be inserted, whether they are children of the claimant, of of bis or her wife or hufbarld by a former marriage,,

M 2  N*  6.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georchi III. c. 22. [1798*

B.

180

N° 6

STATEMENTS by persons of their own income to be delivered to the afteflors, either where the party is not coneer.ed in trade or manus.cture, or is not desirous that the whole of his income, or the part arising from trade or manus.cture, (hould be assessed by the commercial commissioners; to be delivered open or sealed up at the election of the party.

Where the income does not amount to sixty pounds per annum.

Ido declare. That my income, estimated according to the directions and rules of an act, pafTed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft to repeal the duties imposed by an aft, made in the lajl fejjion of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more esse.tual proviso. for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another acf for amending the said act, doth not amount to the sum of sixty pounds per annum. Dated this day of

(Signed)

N° 7.

IVhere the income amounts to sixty pounds per annum, and is under

two hundred pounds.

Ido declare. That my income, estimated according to the directions and rules of an act, parted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft to repeal the duties imposed by an aft, made in the lafi session of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to ?nake more esse.tual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another act for amending the said act, doth not exceed the sum of  and  that  I  am  willing to pay the

sum.of  for  my  contribution  for  one year, from the

fist. day of April  to the fist. day of April  the

fame being not less than one  part of my income,

estimated.as aforesaid, to be paid according to the directions of (he said acts. Dated the  day  of

(Signed)

In this and in all cases.in which an abatement is intended to be claimed for a child or children, the following words shall be added, c subj.eft to the abatement claimed by me on account of a child or children, by virtue of the laid a

N° 8.

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nofio Georoit IIJLc\%z.

N° 8

Where the income amounts to two hundred pounds, or upwards.

Ido declare. That I am willing to pay the sum of  for my contribution for one year, from

the fist. day of April  until the fist. day of April

in purs.apce of an a61, patted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft to repeal the duties irnposed.by an aft, mad? in the lajl fijfion of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution cf the war; and to make more esse.tual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another aft for amending the said aft; and I do declare, That the said sum of is not less than one tenth part of my income, estimated according to the directions and rules prese.ibed by the feid afts, to the best of my knowledge and belief. Dated this^ day of

(Signed)

N9 9.

STATEMENTS by persons of their own income, to be delivered to the aftefTors, where a part only is to be attetted by commercial commissioners, as arising from trade or manus.cture; and may be delivered sealed up or open.

Ido declare. That my income, estimated according to the directions and rules of an aft, patted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An aft to repeal the duties imposed by an aft, made in the last fejfion of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more ejfest.al provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another aft for amending the said aft, excluding such part thereof as ariles from trade or manus.cture, doth not expeed the sum of  per  annum. Dated the

<iay of

(Signed)

N° IO.

STATEMENTS by persons of their own income to be delivered to the commercial commissioners, where the whole is intended to be charged before such commis.ioners, as arising in part or in the whole from trade or merchandize.

Ido declare. That I am willing to pay the sum of  for  my  contribution  for  one  year,  flora

N 3  the

Anno regni tricesimo nqno Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

the fist. day of April  until  the fist. day of April

in pursuance of an act, parted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a£l to, repeal the duties imposed by an afiy made in the lajl fejjion of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war $ and to make more esse.tual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and “ of another a61 for amending the said act; and I do declare, That the sum of  is  not  less  than  one

part of my income, estimated according to the directions and rules prese.ibed by the said ^cts, to the best pf my knowledge and belief. Dated this  day  of

(Signed)

N° 11.

STATEMENTS by persons of their own income to be delivered to the commercial commissioners, where a part of the income arises from trade or manus.cture, which part only they are desirous flaould be a fie fled by such commis.ioners.

Ido declare. That I am willing to pay the sum of  for  my  contribution  for one year,

from the fist. day of April  until  the fist. day of

April  in pursuance of an act, parted in the thirty-

ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An atl to repeal the duties imposed by an afly made in the lajl session of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more esse.tual provision for the like purposey by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another act for amending the said a<t; and I do declare, That the sum of  is  not  less  than  one

part of my income, estimated according to the directions and rules prese.ibed by the said act, to the belt of my knowledge and belief, in respect of such part thereof as arises from trade or manus.cture ; and that a statement of the residue of my income, not arising from trade or manus.cture, hath been delivered to the assessors, or one of them, for the  of  in

£he county of  dated  this  day  of

(Signed)

N° 12.

STATEMENTS of income by trustees, agents, &V. on belial. of others, for whom they act as trustees, fcfr. to be delivered to the assessors.

Where the income does not amount to sixty pounds per annum.

Ido declare. That the income of

for whom I am  estimated  according  to the di*

retions and rules of an at of parhame.t, parted in the thirty-

ninth

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii HI. c. 22.

ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft

to repeal the duties imposed by an afiy. made in the la ft fejjion of par-Uamenty for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war \ and to make more ejfefinal provision for the like purpose. by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another afi for amending the said a£t, doth not amount to the sum of sixty pounds per annum. Dated this  day of

(Signed)

N°. 13.

IVhere.tbs income amounts to sixty pounds per  ,  and is under

two hundred pounds.

Ido declare, That the income of

for whom I am  estimated  according to the di-

rections and rules of an afi of parhame.t, pasted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An afi to repeal the duties imposed by an afiy made in the lajl fejfton of par-Uamenty for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more esse.iualprovifibn for the like purposey by granting certain duties upon incomey in lieu of the said duties, and of another a6t for amending the said acct, doth not exceed the sum.of  and that I am willing, on belial. of

the said  to  pay the sum of  for

contribution for one year, from the fist. day of April  to  the fist. day of April

, the fame being not less than one  part  of

income, estimated as aforesaid, to be paid according to the directions of the fa id acts* Dated this  day  of

(Signed)

N° 14.

Where the income amounts to two hundred pounds.per annum^ or

upwards.

Ido declare, That I am willing, on belial. of  for  whom I am  to

pay the sum of  for  contribution  for one year,

from the fist. day of April  to  the fist. day of April

in pursuance of ?,n acct, pasted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

afi to repeal the duties imposed by an afi^ made in the lajl fejfwn of parUamenty for granting an aid and. contribution for the prosecution of the war \ and to make more esse.inal provision for the like purposey by granting certain duties upon incomey in lieu of the said dutiesy and of another afi for amending the said afi ; and I ^Jq declare, Th;tt the said sum of  is  not less than

li 4  one

184

Preambled

Annoregni tricesimo nonoGEORGii III. c. 23. [1798,

one tenth part of  income,  estimated  according  to  the

direct.ons and rules prese.ibed by the said a£ts, to the belt of my knowledge and belief. Dated this  day  of

(Signed)

c.

N° 15.

NOTICE to be given to afleflors, duly filied.up and signed, where any income is intended to be charged by the commercial commis.ioners.

TAKE notice, that *  engaged  in  trade or

manus.cture f, and mean to be charged to the rates and duties granted by an act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, under the powers and provisions vetted in and given to the commercial commissioners for the  of

in the county of  %

Witnefs my hand this  day  of

* I (or we, if partners), (or, if not on his own account, o» the belial. of  )  am  (or  are)

f Here fet forth the branch or branches of trade or manus.cture, and the place or places where the fame is carried on.

X If the party has other income, not to be charged by the commercial commissioners, the above mult specify that he means to be charged to such part of the income as arises from his trade or manus.cture, by adding these words after the filling up of the blank for the county, “ for such part of my income as arises from trade and manus.&ure.”

CAP. XXIIT.

An aft to repeal certain parts of three afts, made in the thirty-seven.h and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for raifrng a provine.al force of cavalry \ and for making further provifton respecting such part of the provisional cavalry of this kingdom as is now actually calied.out and embodied—[March 21,

1799.3

WHEREAS it is expect.ent that such part of the provisional force of cavalry, raised by virtue of two several afts, pajfed in the thirty seventh year of his present Majessy, as hath not been embodied prior to or under another aft, pajjed in the lajl session of parhame.t Jhould be forthwith dish.nded, in the manner and according to the regulations herein-after mentionedand that such part of the said provisional cavalry as hath been embodied prior to or under the said aft, Jhould remain embodied under the regulations of the said afts and of this aft, until the end of the present war, or such for ter time as his Majessy.shall think proper, and then to be dish.nded, in like manner%s the provisional cavalry, not now embodied, is directed by this aft to be dish.nded; may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may beena<5ted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo noho Georgii III. c. 23.  185

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That 38 Geo. 3. in every county, riding, or place, where the provisional cavalry thislu^to thereof (hall have been embodied prior to the patting of the said extend to a<51 of the last session of parhame.t, all and every the provisions, provisional clauses, regulations, privileges, matters, and things, in the said cav£lrJ. , a£l or in this a & contained, relating to provisional cavalry embo-died under the said a&, shall be extended to, and are hereby ing the 1 declared to be in force, and shall be applied to any provisional former ad, cavalry embodied prior to the patting of the said a£t, and now and now remaining embodied, in as full and ample a manner, in every respect. as to any other provisional cavalry raised, and now embodied under the above recited adls, or any or either of them.

II,  And be it further enacted, That in every county, riding, Where the and place, the provisional cavalry whereof is not now embodied, provisional the provisions of the said several a&s, or of any other a£ls respecting the said provisional force of cavalry, which relate to the the muttering, training, and exereis.ng, or embodying, the provisions said provisional cavalry, or to the making any further allowane.s relating to for the expences of keeping the horses belonging to such provi-

fional cavalry, shall, from and after the patting of this a£I, be, and wh*ere now the fame are hereby repealed; and that in every county or riding, embodied, the the provisional cavalry whereof is now embodied, all the pro- provisions visions contained in the feVeral a£ts aforesaid, which relate to  to

the furnishing any mare or gelding for such provisional cavalry, horses and or providing any men to serve therein, shall also, from and providing after the patting of this a<5l, be, and the fame are hereby men> to be repealed.  ,  repealed.

III.  And be it further enaeste., That in all cases.where the Where the provisional cavalry is not now embodied, and any mare or provisional gelding, cloaths, furniture, or accoutrements, or other articles, nowembo-°* as .required by the said a£ts, have been furnished to any person died, and any serving, or bailot.ed to serve, in the provisional cavalry out of horse,See. has any publick monies applied under any of the said a6ls, or any been furnished allowane. of any publick monies has been made to any person OUhi^hn^

fo serving or bailot.ed as aforesaid, for the providing any mare or hioney, the gelding, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, or other articles requir- sum fo ed to be provided according to the directions of the said act., that expended, or then and in every such cafe the sum of money expended in the fur-  as

nishin. such mare or gelding, cloaths,furniture, or accoutrements, lieutenants, or other articles, as required by the said act., or as an allowane. or court of to the person bailot.ed, or class from which the person was lieutenancy, bailot.ed for the providing the fame, or such proportion thereof ^(bnable^ as the deputy lieutenants or court of lieutenancy, (hall, under all ^au ^  9

circumttances, adjudge reasonable, not being in any cafe less repaid to such than one half of the sum fo advaneed, shall be repaid to such person as person, at or before the time of the said provisional cavalry being ^^sent.f thef dilbanded, as the deputy lieutenants of the division, or court ofree.iver the lieutenancy of the place, with the consent of the receiver general, shall.

general for the county, riding, or place, in which such person order, or the ^  horse, &c.

lhall be deli*

was

yered to such per Ion as they fhail appoint, to be fold, and the produce of the sum fo repaid, to be paid over to the receiver general.

186  Anno  regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 23. [1798.

was bailot.ed to serve, (hall aqthorife to receive the fame, according to the order of the said deputy lieutenants, or court of lieutenancy, or in desau.t thereof, the mare or gelding, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, and other articles fo furnilhed or provided as aforesaid, fhail be forthwith delivered to such person as (hall be appointed by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or court of lieutenancy, to receive the fame; and all such mares, geldings, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, and other articles fo ordered to be delivered, (hall thereupon be fold anddispos.d of by publick auction, as soon as conveniently may be, for the best prie. that can be obtained, and the rponey fo to be repaid, or the produce arising from such Tales, or fo much thereof as have been fo advaneed, (hall be paid oyer to such receiver genera} or his deputy, and go in payment, or in aid of payment, of the sums required to replace the monies advaneed.by such receiver ge-Any overplus neras, under the said a£ts for the provisional cavalry raised in such to°be repaid division or place: provided always, That any overplus arising from the party who  a^ter PaYinS she money advaneed, or such proportion

provided the thereof as aforesaid, to such receiver general as aforesaid, (hall be repaid to the party who fhail have provided such mare, gelding, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, or other articles as aforesaid.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That in the several counties, ridings, and places, where the provisional cavalry has not been mVodied, the embodied, the deputy lieutenants of each subdivision of such deputy lieu- county or riding, and the court of lieutenancy of any place, (hall, as soon after the palling of this a£t as conveniently may be, meet in their respective subdivisions and places, and cause all such of the provisional cavalry in their several subdivisions and places reste..ively, as fhail not have, been furnKhed as aforesaid, at the publick: expence, with ^ny mares, geldings, cloaths, furniture, or accou-

horse, &c.

Where the proyifional cavalry has not been

tenants of each fubdivision, and the court of lieutenancy of any place,

cluiie^uch^s^ trements, or fhail not have received any allowane.s for the pror ihall not have viding any mares, geldings, cloaths, furniture, or accoutrements, been furnished to be forthwith dish.nded ; and fhail, at such meeting, appoint a at the publick day, not later than fourteen days from the time of such fir ft horse.^&Ttameeting, for the mustering of all such provisional cavalry as (hall be dish.nded, not have been dish.nded at such first meeting as aforesaid, and by and appoint a whom any mare, gelding, cloaths, or accoutrements, ought tq day for  be returned, or allowane.s gracted, ought to be repaid as afore-

asUshah.k)t*be  an^ every Per^*on f°r whom any mare or gelding, cloaths^

fmniture, or accoutrements, fhail have been furni (bed at the publick expence, or to whom any allowane. of money has been made for providing the fame, who fhail neglect..to attend such mutter, or to fend tome agent on his or her belial., to deliver up at such meeting such mare, gelding, cloaths, furniture or accoutre-: ments as ought to be returned at such meeting, or to repay such sum of money as may be due in lieu thereof, to the person appointed by the deputy lieutenants, of court of lieutenancy to receive the fame as aforesaid, fhail fors.it fpch sum of money as fhail be fixed by any two or more deputy lieutenants, or such court of lieutenancy, at such meeting as aforesaid, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, which sum fhail be certified to the

respect.ive

dish.nded; and such as ihall have been furnished , with any bors., See. at ^he publick trxpence, who ihall negleift to attend to deliver up such horse.

Sec. fball fors.it a sum not exceed -ing 2 oh

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 23,  187

respect.ive commissioners, and shall be added to the last or next afieftment of such person, in respect of the duities on horses in the raid acts mentioned, and levied and accounted for together with the duties therein contained, and as part thereof, under the fame powers as the duties on horses may by law be levied

and recovered.  Summons for

V,  And be it further enabled. That the summons for attending attending

such.mutters (hall be issued, and notice thereof given by the mutters, and constables and other officers, in their respect.ive juris.icti.ns, in notice thereof the fame manner as  is  directed  in  the  said  latt  mentioned  acct,  ^ notfc^of

for giving notice of  any  time and place  of exereis. under  the  said  tjme anci

last.mentioned adl.  place of exer-

VI.  And be it further enacted, That in every county, cde. riding, or place, the provisional cavalry whereof shall be now where the embodied, the officer commanding such provisional cavalry (hall, provisional within one month after the patting of this a£f, cause an account j^alry^ to be taken of the several mares and geldings in such provisional ^e^e[he°" cavalry that shall be fit for military service, dittingufiling in the commanding said account such as shall have been valued, and of which certi- officer shall ficates of value shall have been granted at or after the embody- cause an ing of such provisional cavalry, as is directed by the said a6i of ^taken the last sett.on of parhame.t, or by any former a £1 relating to the horses tit the provisional force of cavalry, and shall cause such account for military to be transmitted to the lieutenant, in his absene. to the

deputy lieutenants of the county, riding, or place to which f^have^been such provisional cavalry shall belong ; and the lieutenant or deputy valued, and lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, shall thereupon cause transmitted to all such mares or geldings as have not been fo valued as aforesaid, county to be valued by two skilful persons, to be named, with the l^offiall * approbation of such commanding officer, by the said lieutenant cause such to or deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, according be valued as to the prie. at which the fame might be fold, such prie. not in ^a^n(^n(j any cafe to exceed the sum of twenty-five pounds ; thereupon, Upon’produc*-and upon production of the joint certifie.te of the commanding tion of the officer of such provisional cavalry, or of the officer appointed proper certi-by him to attend such valuation, and of the persons making heat.e> the such valuation, or upon the production of the certifie.te' of  paye.

valuation granted under the said act of the last session of parlia- the valued* ment, or such other acts as aforesaid, resp.Clively.indorsed by prie., after she clerk.of the general meeting offteutenancy of the said deducting any county, riding, or place, which indorsement (hall specify thaTmavlave whether any and what allowane. shall have  been  made to the  been made, to

person.providing any such mare or  gelding, for  and tow ards  the person.

providing the fame, it shall be laws.l for the receiver general  to

pf the fame county, riding, or place,  or his  deputy, and he is  porf™ ^al?

hereby required to pay or remit the  valued  prie.  of such mare  belong*

or gelding, after deducing the amount of the allowane. that shall appear by such certifie.te to have been made for or towards providing the fame, to the person or class to whom such mare

or gelding (hall belong, within ten days after demand of such prie. as aforesaid, out of any publick monies in the hands of

such.

iSS Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. a 23. [179^

such.receiver or his deputy, arising out of any duties receivable by such receiver; which certifie.te, fo indorsed as aforesaid, (hall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general, and which sums {hall be reimbursed to such receiver general, out of any monies which (ball then have been or thereast.r (hall be voted by the commons of Great Britain in parhame.t assembled, towards defraying the extraordinaries of the army.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That the said commanding officer (hall also cause an account to be taken, and transmitted to the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid of the county, riding, or place to which such provisional cavalry (hall belong, of all the mares and geldings in such provisional cavalry that {hall, on an examination by him to be had within the time

c°vinty liettte- herein-before mentioned, be deemed unfit for military service, deemed unfit8 and {hall also cause all such last mentioned mares and geldings to for military be returned, according to such orders as the lieutenant or deputy service, and to lieutenants as aforesaid (hall give for that purpose, to the persons respectively providing the fame : provided always. That in every cafe where any such last mentioned mare or gelding hath been provided at the publick expence, or any allowane. of publick monies (hall have been made to any such person for or towards providing any such mare or gelding, then and in such cafe the said mare or gelding {hall not be returned, but on re*payment of the fpms fo advaneed, to the person appointed by such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants to receive the fame, and in desau.t of such re-payment, the said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants (hall forth-a^paid, or the w'lt^ cause ft^h mare or gelding to be fold, in manner herein-; hbrfes shall be before direct.ed as to the cases.before mentioned; and after fold.  payment  of  such sum or allowane. as (hall have been advaneed.

for or towards providing such mare or gelding, to the receiver general or his deputy, in the manner and for the purposes herein-before specified in other the like cases.of re-payment, and after deducing the expences of such sale, the surplus arising theres.om (hall be forthwith paid to the person or class who (hall have provided such mare or gelding.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That during the time any such provisional cavalry (hall remain embodied, any vacane.es therein may be filied.up ana recruited in such manner as any fsncible regiment of cavalry may be recruited, and for that purpose it (hall be laws.l for any officer, serjeant, or other person,

for the time being in such embodied provisional cavalry, being thereunto authorised by the commanding officer for the time being of such provisional cavalry, to beat up for and enlist. volunteers in any city, town, parish, or place, within the county, riding, or place to which such provisional cavalry belongs, but not elsewhere, to serve in such provisional cavalry, during all such time as the said provisional qavalry npay be embodied to

Subftitutes in {crve bY virtue t,le said a#s*

embodied  IX.  And  be it further enabled, That no person who (hall have

provisional found or shall hereast.r find any substitute in any provisional cavalry all cavalry, that (hall remain embodied as aforesaid, (hail fie permitted

to

Receiver general to be reimbursed out of the extraord diaries of the army.

The commanding officer to cause an account to be transmitted to the

cause.them to be returned as the lieutenant (hall order to the persons providing them: but if any publick ex-pence has been incurred it shall be

Vacane.es in embodied provisional cavalry may be recruited as fencible

cavalry, in the serv.cr place to which  "

it belongs.

not be changed

179^*1 Anno regni tricefiitio none GfedRGii III, c. 23*

1S9

to change such substitute, and provide another person, to be without enrolied.in lieu of such substitute in manner directed in the said ^"command last above recited ad, unless with the consent of the commanding ^ officer* officer of such provisional cavalry, or of such other officer of such provisional cavalry as may be ailthorifed by such commanding officer to give such consent.  So much of

X.  And be it further enacted, That fo much ofjhe said first first recited above recited ad as prohibits the carrying out of Great Britain

the whole or any part of the provisional cavalry, (hall, during the 0utofG^S

continuance of the present war, be suspended, fo far as relates to Britain,pro-

any embodied provisional cavalry, or any part thereof, who vision.l ca-

his Majesty may think proper to permit to serve out of Great

Britain, in consequene. of any Voluntary offers that may be made Elates to any

by them to that esse.t, and duly certified to that esse.t by their who may-

commanding officer: provided always. That, previous to the voluntarily

certifying such offer, the commanding officer shal. have explained  ,

to the persons making the fame, that the fame, if made, is purely tyth^com-

voluntary on their part, and that no person serving in such man ding

provisional.cavalry can be compelied.to make such offer, or to officer, after

engage to serve out of this kingdom, except by his own con- having r ^  b  r  J  explained that

sent.figmbed. _  they cannot

XI.  And be it further enacted, That when any overseer or be compelied.overseers of the poor of any parish, tything, or place, (hall, after to serve out of the passing of this ad, pay any Turn or sums.f money, under and the kingdom* by virtue of the regulations of the said before recited ad passed in When over-the last session of parhame.t, for or towards the relief of the

family of any person serving in the embodied provisional cavalry, passing this

that then and in every such cafe it shal. be laws.l for any two aft, lhall

justice. of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where such relieve the

payment (hall have been made, and they are hereby required, r J .  r  ’  /  .  perlon serving.

once m every quarter or a year, to enquire into and examine the jn tjje ernbo.

account of monies fo paid as aforesaid, at the request, and on died provi-

the oath or solemn affirmation of such overseer or overseers, fional cayalry*

and (hall thereupon allow all such payments as (hall appear to ^w° jw^ces

r  r j  r  r  jq 6X11H111C

such.justices to have actually been made after the passing of this qUHrter]y the ad, under and by virtue of the regulations of the said aboyemen. account, and tioned ad; and shal. also thereupon forthwith make an order o-der payment for the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, to pay aeneraTvvh^ the sum allowed by them in such account, out of any monies in ^all be*reirathe hands of such receiver general, arising from any duties receiv- burled out of able by him as such receiver general ; and such receiver general the extractor his deputy shal., and they are hereby respectively required t0  ^

pay the sum fo allowed in such account as aforesaid, or to remit 1C aim^ the fame, within ten days after the receipt of such order, to the overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or place, from which such order shal. have been transmitted to him, and such order, certifying the amount allowed in such account, (hall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general for payment of such sum of money; and which sums shal. be reimbursed to such receiver general, out of the sums voted for the extraordinaries of the army as before mentioned.

4  XII.  And

190

When his Maxell v shall think fit to dish.nd any embodied provilional cavalry, the commanding officer lhall, at fiich time

Anno regni tricefinio nofio GEoftftii III. c* [1798;

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty (ball think it convenient to dish.nd any regiment or corps of provilional cavalry now embodied, the officer having the command thereof (hall, at such time as the general officer of the district shall, pursuant to his Majesty’s direction to be signisi.d in such order* fix, cause the provifjonal cavalry of fiich county or riding to be marched, under their respective officers, to any place or places appointed for that purpose, within the county, ridirig, or place to as the general which they respectively belong; and the lieutenant or deputy d^rSffiies6 ^eutenants °f such county, riding, or place, shall oh some conve-cause.hem to n‘ent day preceding the day fixed for dish.nding such provisional march to the cavalry, cause the fame to be muttered, and there to be dish.nd.d. place appointed, previous to which they shall be miistere..

Pay, allow- XIII. And be it further enabled, That all pay of the officers fTsfic*  and P™vate men  provisional  cavalry  now embodied, which

cease.from the be dish.nded as afoses.id, and all allowane.s for the keep days fixed for cf any such mares or geldings belonging to the provisional cavalry not now embodied, and all further Services under the Said ads, or any of them, shall wholly cease and determine from the respective days fixed, in manner herein-before* mentioned, for the dish.nding the fame,

XIV.  And be it further enacted, That the receiver general of up an account every county, riding* and place in England, shall, as soon after of monies ad* the passing of this ad as the fame can be done, make up an ac-vaneed.and count of all monies advaneed.by him under any of the (aid ads, apport'ffin the and a^° an account °f ad monies which have been repaid to hirrf lumsdues.om on account of the fame, and shall compare the sums advaneed.each division; with the sums repaid, in eaich division of the county or riding and may re- for which there are^ separate sets of aCsing.commissioners of

land tax, and apportion the sums due from each division; and the Said receiver general may, and he is hereby authorise.l to require the several clerks to the lieutenants and deputy lieute-also.the several clerks of the commissioners of land tax within his county, riding, or place, to make out and tr3nf-mit, with all dispate., not to exceed, in any cafe, two months from the Said account being required by such receiver general, all such accounts as he may think necessary to enable him to make out such accounts, and to apportion such charges in manner Pen alt y ofa ol herein-before required; and if any such clerk shall negleet.or re-on clerk for fuse to make out luel^accounts within the time herein-before required, he shall fors.it, for every such offence, the Sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may by the said ads, or any of them, be recovered.

XV.  And be it further enacted, That the receivers genera! of the several counties, ridings, and places in England, shall, as soon as they shall respectively have made up their accounts of the fe**

made up their veral sums due in the several divisions of their respective coun-ties or ridi"gs> and *n f£veral places, cause the respective fiirns duetto sums fo appearing due, to be certified under their respective hands, the clerks to or the hands of their respective deputies, to the several clerks the commis. t0 the commissioners for executing an ad of the last session efi

dish.nd.ent.

Receiver general to make

quire the clerks to the lieutenancy, and to the

commis.ioners na;it5> and of land tax, to transmit him fiich accounts as he may think fiecess.ry for that purpose.

negleet.

The receivers general, as soon as they (hall have

I^98.] Anlio fegni tricefirho n6no GIeorgii III, d. 23.  191

parhame.t, intituled. An afi for repealing the duties upon male fioners for ex-seryan..^ carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his egUQ^ c Majesty other duties in lieu thereof ; and the respective clerks to such ^ w^o Vli ali commissioners (hall immediately proceed, upon the receipt of such proportion certifie.te, to make out and proportion the respective sums to be the i'ura to be added to each person.s last asse.fment of the said duties on horses in their respective divisions and places, and all such sums fo cer- afieflment of tified {hall, by force and virtue of stich certifie.te, be asse.Ted by the duties on the respective commis.ioners, in their several and respective divi- horse.. fions, upon all and every the persons liable to the duties upon horses, in like manner in every respect, and according to the fame rules and directions, as are mentioned in the said adt of the last session of parhame.t, for the regulation of the provisional force of cavalry; and every such clerk who shall not, within one month Penaltyof 20I. after the receipt of such certifie.te, make out an account of the 011 f°r . due proportion of each person.s aise.lments, in manner herein-nege before and in the said a£t directed, (hall fors.itand pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any penalties may be recovered and applied under the said first recited ads.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That in every cafe where the Where dedeputy lieutenants of any county or riding {hall, at any general putylieute-meeting of lieutenancy, have made any order, or granted any cer- have tificate for the payment, by any receiver general, of any money derfox-pay-under any of the said ads, without distinguishing in such order ment ot moor certifie.te, the proportions of the sums to be afTesse.t.in each ney by any divilion of such county or riding for the repayment to the said re- receiver gene-ceiver general of the money to be aJvaneed.upon such order or dist.mmilli.ng Certificate, and such receiver general shall thereupon have ad- the fifms to vaneed.such sum of money, that then, and in every such cafe, it be aise.ied in shall be laws.l for such receiver general, and he is hereby required,

to apportion such sum of money among the several divisions °f po,t?on the such county or riding, in proportion to the number of men railed Gme, in pro-for the provisional cavalry in each of such divisions, as near as portion to th£ the fame can be done, and thereupon to cause the respective sums number of of money, that appear upon such apportionment to be the respec. certify the tive proportions of each division as aforesaid, to be certified under f*me to the his hand, or the hand of his deputy, to the several clerks to the clerks to the Commisti.ners aforesaid, of the several divisions of such county Q°™hm,^*°-nerS or riding, in their respective divisions; and the said respective ^onsewhVo' sums of money fo certified by such receiver general as aforesaid, thall appor-shall.be thereupon immediately apportioned by such respective tion the fame, clerks, and aiseised, raised, levied, and collected in the respective divisions, in like manner in every respect, and according to the fame rules and regulations, and under the like penalties, as are herein-before directed in other cases.of money certified by such receiver general for the purpose of being aise.fed as aforesaid.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Alfeflmcnts. afTeffments made before the patsing.of this a£t upon -the several.

person. liable to the duties upon horses in their respective divi- the duties on jions, (hall be, and are hereby declared to be respectively valid horses, to be

alfcif- valid though

igz

not added to the last aflefiT-ment, and may be collected fepa-rately.

Anno regtii tricesimo nono Georgii III. a 23. [ij9S.

afTefTments, notwithstanding that any bf such aftest.ents shall not have been added to each person.s last aftest.ent of the said duties on horses, in such respective division, in the manner directed by the said recited acts, but (hall have been made separate and distine. theres.om; and it (hall be laws.l in every such cafe for the said respective commissioners in every such division, to cause such assessment: to be collected and levied separate and distine. from the other aftest.ent of the duties on horses or persons in such division, and they are hereby respect.ively authorised to cause such afTefTments to be levied by distress and Tale of the goods of the party actes.ed, and for that purpose to issue warrants for the levying thereof in such and the like manner, and to proceed therein by all such ways and means, and under such powers, as they may laws.lly do in the levying any aftest.ent of the duties upon horses under any adt or acts relating to such last.mentioned afTefTments.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the respective commissioners of land tax and other the duties before-mentioned, shall negleet.or refuse to perform the several duties required of them under this adt, or any of them, or shall left to perform negleet.or refuse to issue any warrant of distress for the levying of

If the commissioners of land tax, and the other duties, neg-

their duty, two justices may perform it.

any sum of money contained in any such assessment as aforesaid, made upon any person within the division of such commissioners respectively, To negleet.ng or refuling.as aforesaid, that then, and in every such cafe, it shall be laws.l for any two justices of the peace of the county or riding where such desau.t (hall be made, upon complaint being exhibited to them of such omission and rreglect.by the receiver general of such county or riding, or his deputy, or by any insped.or or surveyor of the said duties, or by the collector appointed to collect the fame, and such justices are hereby required to execute the several duties, matters, and things, omitted or negleet.d to be done by such commissioners, and on proof thereof, on the oath or affirmation of any credible witness or witnesses, to issue their warrant for the levying such aftefFment as aforesaid, by distress and sale of the goods of the party afteste. ; and such justices are hereby authorised and required to adt in all matters and things relating thereto, and carry this a61 into execution in all matters relating thereto, in as full and ample a manner, and with such and the like powers and authorities, as such com-missioner. ought to and might have done.

XIX.  And be it further enacted, That all such sums of money as shall have been or shall be advaneed.by the respective re^* ceivers general in pursuance of the said acts, and shall not have not be assessed been or shall not be ,afteste. by any aftest.ent within the year within the ending on the fist. day of April one thousand eight hundred, year ending  afpefpe(j  anc]  raised,  levied  and  paid, in the respective divi-

it ma/be °0> ^lons m or for which the fame monies shall have been or shall be aftess.ed the advaneed, upon the fame persons, respectively, who by any aftess.ment to be made of the duties upon horses for the year com-mencingas.er thesaid.fist. day of April one thousand eight hundred, shall be charged to the said duties, and in proportion to the number of horses fo charged upon such persons respect.ively.

XX.  Pro-

Jf money advaneed.by the receiver general shall.

next year.

1798-] Annoregni trlcefimo none Geor^ii 111. c. 24-—28. 193

XX* Provided always, and be it further ena£h?d. That this Ad may be may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or ads to be this^* HVade in this session of parhame.t.  feilion.

CAP. XXIV.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fist. day of May next, an ad made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty,- chapter nine, videlicet, On the fourth day of January one thousand /even hundred and ninety nine, for continuing several ads, made in the thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain ads, made in the fist.enth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for retraining the negotiation of promis.’ory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain calied.England.

—[March 21, 1799*]

CAP. XXV.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fist. day of May next, an ad, passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Maiefty, chapter ten, videlicet, On the fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several ads for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount.—

[March 21, 1799.]

Provided nevertheless, That it shall not be laws.l to issue any note, bill, or ticket-, under the authority of this ad, for any sum under five ftiihing. fterKng.

C A P. XXVI.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred, an ad, palied.in the session of parhame.t holden in the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y- fix, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of fail cloth or canvas of the manus.dure of Great Britain.—

[March 2i, 1799.]

CAP. XXVII.

An ad to revive and continue, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred, an ad, passed in the session of parhame.t of the thirty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty, chapter seven.y-two, videlicet, On the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and Frene. lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manus.dure of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.— [March 21, 179^.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred, an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, chapter fisteen, videlicet. On the thirteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and fist.-five, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irifh linens exported; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.—[March 21, 1799.]

Vot. XLII.  O  CAP.

*94 Anno regni tricesimo nono GeorgiI III. c. 29. [1798.

CAP. XXIX.

An adl for enabling bis Majefy to sett.e an annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal higknefs prince Edward, and a like annuity of "twelve thousand pounds on bis royal higlines. prince Ernest.August.s, during his Majefy s pleasur..—[March 21, 1799.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble*  T  7*E,  your  ^aJe^y>s  m°ft dutiful and loyal subjects, the coni-

V V nions of Great Britain in parhame.t assembled, having taken into our consideration your Majesty’s most gracious mestage, wherein your Majesty has been pleased toexpress.ourdesire.f making competent provision for the honourable support and maintenance of your dearly-beloved fons prince Edward and prince Ernest.Augujlu$, which the monies applie.ble to the purposes of your Ma-jest.^s civil government would be ineffie.ent to defray; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enact.ed by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-His Majelt m°ns, {n this present parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority may grant to  fame>  That it (hall and may be laws.l to and for the King’s

prince Ed- most excelien. majesty, by any warrant or warrants under his royal ward and sign manual, to give and grant unto their royal higlines.e. prince Auaiftus1'^ Edward and prince Ernest.August.s respectively, his Majesty’s annuities of fourth and fist. fons, for and during his Majesty’s royal will and i2,oool. each, pleasure, two several annuities, not exceeding to each of them from Jan. 5, twelve thousand pounds of laws.l money of Great Britain, which 1 uarterl^^mt ma)Tevera^y commence and takeeste.! from the fist. day of January of the con- one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and (hall be respec.solid.ted  tively paid quarterly, at the four usual days of payment in the

*und.  year; that is to fay, The fist. day of April, the fist. day of July,

the tenth day of OSiober, and the fist. day of January, in every year; and that the said respective annuities mall and may, by such warrant or warrants, be directed to be ifTued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the fund calied.The Consolid.ted Fund, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any former atft or a£ts of parhame.t, but with prese.ence to all other payments which (hall or may hereast.r be charged upon and payable out of the said fund).

The annuities II. And be it further enaeste., That the said respective annuity be paid at tjes 0f twelve thousand pounds each (hall, during his Majesty’s without fees^ royal will and pleasure, be paid and payable at the receipt of his and to he free Majesty’s exchequer, out of the said fund; and the auditor of from all taxes, the said receipt (hall, and he is hereby required by virtue of such warrant or warrants, to make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said respective annuities, as the fame

(hall

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 30.  195

shall.become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the respective aequi.tance or aequi.tances, receipt or receipts, of their said royal higlines.es, or of such other person or persons as shall be by them respectively authorised and appointed to receive such respective annuities, or any part thereof, (hall be a good, and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof; and the said debentures to be made forth and passed upon the said warrant or warrants (hall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of the said respective annuities to their said royal higlines.es, during the continuance of the fame, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that belial.; and that the said respective annuities fo to be given and granted shall be free and dear from all taxes, rates, and afleft-ments, and all other charges whatsoever.

CAP. XXX.

An aft to enable his Majejiy to sett.e on her royal higlines. the princess Amelia, part of the annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum, which his Majejiy was enabled to sett.e on their royal highnejfes his Majejiy9s other daugliters, out of the hereditary revenues, by virtue of an aft passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majejiy.—[March 21, 1799.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

W” HERE AS your Majejiy has been gracioujly pleased to express Preamble.'

your desire to your faiths.l commons, that your Majejiy Jhould he enabled to ?nake the like provision for your Majejiy9s daugliter, her royal higlines. the princess Amelia, as your Majejiy has been enabled to make for the other branches of your royal family: and whereas by an aft, pafj'ed in the eighteenth year of your Majejiy s reign, intituled,, An ad for enabling his Majeify to sett.e on their royal *8 Geo. 3. higlines.es the princes Frederick bishop of Ofnaburgh, Wiilia.0' 31* recit*d. Henry^ Edward^ Ernejl August.S) Avgijlus Frederick) and Adolphus Frederick) an annuity of sixty thousand pounds per annum\ and also to sett.e on their royal higlines.es the princesses Charlotte Augujla Matilda) August. Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, one other annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum; and also to sett.e on his higlines. prince Wiilia. Frederick one other annuity of eight thousand pounds per annum) and on her higlines. the princess Sophia Matilda) one other annuity of four thousand pounds per annum) it is enacted, That it Jhould be laws.l for your Majejiy, by any letters patent under the great sea. of Great Britain, to give and grant to their royal highnejfes princess Charlotte August. Matilda, princess August. Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, and princess Sophia, and to the survivors or survivor of themy or to such other person or persons as your Majejiy Jhould think fit to be named in such letters paten t, and his or their heirs during the lives of

o 2  their

196 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. e. 30. [1798 •!

their /aid royal highnejfes, and the life of the survivor of them, an annuity or yearly sum of money not exceeding the sum of thirty thousand founds of laws.l money of Great Britain, by the year, to commence and take ejfefi from the day of the demise of your Majesty, and to be charged and chargeable upon all or any part or parts of such of the hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were then carried to and made part of the fund calied.The General or Aggregate Fund, and Cut ofsuch. part of the rates of post age, as Jhould belong to and be part cf the hereditary revenues of the crown, with a certain proviso, That upon the marriage of any of their said royal highne/fes, and the payment of a portion not less than forty thousand pounds Jlerling, the rights title, fare, and inter eft, of'fitch princess fo being married, in and to the said yearly rent or annuity of thirty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, Jhould Cease.and determine, and the said whole annuity Jhould from thenceforth acer.e and remain to the other princesses: and whereas fmce the pajfmg of the said aft, her said royal higlines. princess Charlotte August. Matilda hath been married, and a portion not less than forty thousand pounds hath been paid in confederation of such marriage: and. whereas the hereditary revenues of the crown have been fmce carried to and made part of the consolidated fund: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mod excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the eraS mvere/to aut^ority t^ie ^ame’ That it shall be laws.l to and for the sett.e on the King’s mod: excelien. majesty, instead of the said annuity in the five prin- said aft mentioned, by any letters patent, or by several letters pace fies, instead tent, under the great sea. of Great Britain, hereast.r to be made, memion"dUin^ t0 &lve anc* grant to their royal higlines.e. princess August. So-the recited  phia, princess. Elizabeth, princess Mary, princess Sophia, and

adt, an an-  princess Amelia, and to the survivors and survivor of them, or

nuiry of to such other person or persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named in such letters patent, and his or their heirs, during the lives of their said royal higlines.es, and the life of the survivor of them, in the trust for their said royal higlines.es, or the survivors or survivor of them, one annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of thirty thousand pounds of laws.l money of Great Britain, by the year, to commence and take esse.t from the day of the demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve., and to be paid and payacte, by even and equal portions, on the four mod usual days of payment in the year; (that is to fay). The fist. day of January, the fist. day of April, the fist. day of July, and the tenth day of Qftober; the first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which (hall next happen after the demise of his said Majesty; and that such annuity, or yearly sum of money, shall or may, by such letters pa-nd to be a tent as  given  and  granted to issue, and shall accord-

able out of the ingly isti.e and be payable out of,, and be charged and chargeable hereditary re- upon, all or any part or parts of such of the hereditary duties, venues of the revenues, and branches, as were by an aft, passed in the twenty-crown.  seven.h

3o,oocl. to commence from the demise of his Majesty,

1798.] Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 30.  197

seven.h year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties compos.g the puhlick revenue \ for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manus.cture of ^European dominions of the Frene. King, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer, for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, carried to, and made part of, the confo-lidated fund, and (hall be then -fubsisting, and shall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenues of the crown.

II.  Provided also, and it is hereby enabled. That upon the Regulations death of any of their said royal highnefFes the princeiles, or upon ^ the marriage of any one of them, and the payment of a portion, nuity upon" on or in consideration of such marriage, not less than forty thou- the marriage sand pounds sterling, the right, title, (hare, and interect, of such or death of ' princess fo dying, or being married, in and to the said yearly rent an7 or annuity of thirty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, shall Prince eSa cease and determine, and the said whole annuity shall, from thenceforth, acer.e and remain to the four other princeiles; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the said princeiles, and the payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, lhare, and interect, of such other princess fo dying, or being married, in or to the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds shall cease and determine, and the said whole annuity shall from thenceforth acer.e and remain to the three other princesses; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the said princestes, and the payment of a portion not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, lhare, and interect, of such other princess fo dying, or being married, in or to the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds shall cease and determine, and the two third parts of the laid annuity of thirty thousand pounds, amounting to twenty thousand pounds, per annum, and no more, shall acer.e and belong to the other two princeste. then unmarried; and upon the death or marriage of either of the said two last.mentioned princestes, and payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, lhare, and interect, of such princess, of, in, and to the said annuity of twenty thousand pounds, (hall cease and determine, and the other of the said princeste. then living (hall be entitled to twelve thousand pounds per annum, part of the said rent or annuity of twenty thousand pounds, and no more, to cease and be determined on her death or marriage, and,the payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling on or in consideration of such marriage.

III.  Provided always. That nothing in this aft: contained, or to This aft not be contained in such letters patent as aforesaid, lhail extend to hinder or obstruct the payments of any monies, by any former aft or afts ^ny money of parhame.t nowin force, charged upon the said rates, duties, and heretofore

03  w  revenues,  charged on

198

the hereditary revenues.

Annuities to be paid, with' out fee, at the exchequer, or by the commissioners, &c. of the revenues on which they are charged, and the receipts of the prin cedes,&c. ihall be fuf-ficient dif-charges.

Annuities to be tax-free.

In cafe the officers of the receipt of the exchequer, Sec. shall neg-lect.to pay the annuities on demand,they, or their fecu-rities, may be Jued for tne fame.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 30, [1798.

revenues, or any of them, or the applie.tion thereof to the respec.tive uses intended by any former acts coneer.ing the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities or yearly sums shall be paid and payable either at the said receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, or by and from the immediate hands of all and every the commissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers for the time being, of the said revenues respectively, upon which the said annuities or yearly sums, or any part or parts thereof, (hall be charged by virtue of this a£f, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the aequi.tance or aequi.tances, receipt or receipts, of their said royal higlines.es princess Augujia Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, princess Sophia, and princess Amelia, respectively, or the survivors or survivor of them, or of such of them as shall be entitled to receive any such annuity or yearly sum, or any part thereof, or of any person or persons au-thorifed by-them, or any of them respect.ively, to receive the fame, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that belial.; and that the said respective annuities or yearly sums, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from •all taxes, impositions, and other publick charges. whatsoever; and that if the officer of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, or the said commissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers for the time being, of any of the said duties or revenues, upon which the said annuities or yearly sums, or any part or parts thereof, shall be charged as aforesaid, shall refuse or negleet.to pay the fame, upon demand to be made for that purpose, or any part thereof, according to the true intent of this adt, and of such letters patent or letters patents, to be granted by his Majesty as aforesaid, then their said royal higlines.es princess Augujlus Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, princess Sophia, and princess Amelia, or the survivors or survivor of them, or such of them as shall be entitled to receive the said annuities, or any of them, or any part thereof, or such their trulfees respectively, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute, and implead, such officers, commissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their securities, their heirs, executors, and administra.tors, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall and may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against such officers, commissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers respectively, and their respective securities, their heirs, executors, or admini-flrators, for fo much of such sum or sums of money then due and owing upon the said several and respective annuities, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of such officers, commissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers respectively, at the time and times when such demand shall be made of the payment of the said several and respective annuities or yearly sums, or any part thereof, as aforesaid.

V. And

J79^*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 1IL c. 31.  199

V.  And be it further enacte.l, That all and every the powers, All the pow-precepts, directions, and clauses, to be contained in his Majesty’s ers» to be letters patent hereast.r to be made as aforesaid, for the better ^Ma'eft^s and more certain payment and assurance of the said several an- letters pa-nuities or yearly sums, and for making the said respective reve- tent iecuring nues, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, liable there- paymentft . unto as aforesaid, (hall be good and esse.tual in the law, accord-

ing to the tenor and purport thereof, in the said letters patent or tuaj jaw# letters patents to be expressed, notwithstanding any restriction or other matter or thing contained in any aft or afts of parhame.t, or any mifree.tal, nonrecital, omission, or other desect, in the said letters patent or letters patents hereast.r to be made by virtue of this aft.

VI.  Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies politick General and corporate, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, ^avmS*

(other than the King’s majesty, his heirs and successors., all such right, title, interect, and demand whatsoever, which they, or any

of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of the revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, before the making of this aft, as fully and esse.tually, to all intents and purposes, as if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft to continue, until the tenth day of July one thousand /even hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an aft pajfed in the lajl fef-fion of parhame.t, chapter ninety-two, videlicet. On the twenty-ninth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty . for granting to his Majesty additional duties on dijltileries in the several parts of the highlands ^/Scotland, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majefy certain additional duties on spirits difilied.for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in difiillation in Scotland.—[April 10, 1799*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an aft was made in the lafl fejfion of parhame.t, Preamble.

intituled, An aft to revive, continue until the tenth day of 38 Geo. 3. April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend c. 9a, recited, an aft, palied.in the Iaft felTion of parhame.t, intituled, cAn act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particulari. described, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotlandand for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilied.for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other afts of parhame.t for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland; which was to continue in force until the tenth day of April one thou-

04.  fund

duty upon British lpivits in stock.further continued until July Jo, 1799-

200 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 31. [1798.

find seven hundred and ninety~nine: and whereas it. is proper and ex-pedient that the staid aft Jhould he further continued, and in part <?/.-tered: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem^ poral, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by d the dutl s the authority of the fame, That the said adt, and all the duties thereby im-^ ^'lereKv inaposed.or continued, (save.and except the further duty posed,(except °f excite of one fnilling for and upon every galion.of Britijh the further spirits found, on the first actual fury.v, by the proper officer, upon or after the thirteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in the stock, custody, or possession of any distiller, reds.fier, or compounder, dealer in or retailer of spirits, in any part of Scotland), and all the powers, proviftons, regulations, clauses, matters, and things therein contained (except as herein-after excepted or altered), (hall, from and after the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,be further continped and in force, the fame are hereby further continued in force, until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II.  And be it further enact.ed, That every licence for the dif-tilling, making, or manus.cturing of low wines or spirits, in the lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scotland, which {hall have been granted or renewed upon or after the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and tinue in force which was to continue in force from the said tenth day of Ofto-till April 10, her one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inelusive, to the to be further tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine Tu^Tq16? exc^uhve, (hall be further continued and in force from the said subject to7the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine fame rate of inelusive, to the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred interest which and ninety-nine exelusive, and no longer, subject to the fame rate

inldvnnP?b-of d

uty for or in respect thereof, and under the fame terms, con-two instal. * ditions, regulations, restrictions, provisions, penalties, and for-ments.  feitures,  as  were contained in, or continued by the said recited

adt of the last session of parhame.t ; save and except, that every perfcn to whom such licence {hall have been granted, and which licence {hall not h^ve been,or lhall not be vacated upon the condition in the said add expres.’ed, (hall, and he or (lie is hereby required, on the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to pay down in advane., in ready money, to the proper officer appointed to receive the fame, one moiety of the full (urn payable under such licence for the subsequent three months, from the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine \ and (hall, on the twenty-fist. day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, pay down in ready money in advane., the other moiety of the said full sum payable under such licence, for the period aforesaid.

III. And

Licences for distilling in the lowlands, and for rectifying in any part of Scotland, whLh were to eon-

III And be it sarthe. enacted, That every licence for ere<£t- Licences for ing, keeping, and working stills in the highlands of Scotland, within Kills in the the respect.ve counties, parts of counties, and limits, particulari. ^hin^e jf. specified and described in two a£ts of the thirty-third and thirty- mits specified seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, which (hall in 33 Geo, 3. have been granted from the fist. day of July one thousand seven c» 6*-hundred and ninety-eight inelusive, and which was to continue ^ i0a°which in force from the laid fist. day of July one thousand seven hun- w*ere to dred and ninety-eight inelusive, until the said tenth day of April continue in one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exelusive, shall be force till April further continued and in force from the said tenth day of April the/cont/nu"" one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inelusive, to the ed till July jo^ tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine 1799, upon exelusive, and no longer, upon payment of the fame, <and no payment of higher rate of duty for or in respect of such licence to which dif- 1  CSthe*

tiliers, in the said respective districts, were subject and liable un- latter ad. C der the said a6t of the thirty-seven.h year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the whole year, between the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and in the fame. proportion according to the time or number of days for which the laid licence (hall be further continued and in force;

that is to fay. For the time between the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exelusive, and the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exelusive; and subject to and under the fame terms, conditions, regulations, reftriCtions, provisions, penalties, and fors.itures, as were contained in the said recited ads of the thirty-seven.h and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, or either of them; save and except, that when the licence duty Such licence after the rate of nine pounds shall be paid for or upon each gal-Ion of a (till of forty galion. content, such duty (hall be held to ties on certajn be the licence duty on the spirits manus.ctured in such still, quantities of from and after the aforel'aid tenth day of April one thousand spirits manu-seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforel'aid tenth day of fa<ftured> and July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of jfobe^aui for eight hundred and twenty-seven galion. Englijh wine measure of the surplus. spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more ; and when the licence duty, after the rate of fix pounds and ten (hillings (hall be paid for or upon each galion.of a still of forty galion. content, such duty (hall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manus.ctured in such H ill, from and after the aforesaid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforesaid tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of seven hundred and forty-four galion. Englijb wine measure of spirits, of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and when any such licence duties shall be respect.vely paid for any still of a lester size, the like proportion shall be observed respect.vely as to the quantity of spirits for which such licence shall be held to have been paid ; and that for and upon all spirits which shall be manus.ctured

On giving previous notice, licences may be vacated.

A cl may be altered or re pealed this session.

Preamble,

nufacture. from such licensed stills between the days aforesaid, over and above the respective quantities' aforesaid, there shall be paid by every such distiller a duty at and after the rate of three (hillings for each galion.of such surplus spirits of the strength aforesaid, over and above the said respective licence duties.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be laws.l for any person or persons licensed to ered, keep, and work, any still or Hills for the distilling, making, or manus.during of low wines or spirits in the lowlands of Scotland, for consump.tion in Scotland, or for rectify.ng, compounding, or mixing any kind of spirits in any part of Scotland, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to the said commissioners, or to the proper supervisor of the district or officer of the division, to be vacated upon the condition herein-after expressed, and at the time herein-after particulari. mentioned, that is to fay. Every such person or persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences, to be vacated, (hall give to the said commissioners, supervisor, or officer, fist.en days previous notice, in writing, signed by such person or persons, of such intention, before he, (he, or they (hall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, her, or their still or stills licensed as aforesaid; and thereupon the said commissioners, supervisor, or officer, (hall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said licence or licences, but not fopner than at and from the end of any one calendar month, for which time the licence duty has been actually paid in advane. by such person or persons, and in that cafe the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in respect of such still or stills, for the unexpired term of his, her, or their licences, during which the working of the said still or stills (hall be discontinued, shall net be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by such person or persons who (hall have given such notice as aforesaid, and ceased to work the said still or stills from and after the time spec.st.d in such notice.

V.  And b: it further enacted, That this ad may be altered,

* varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this present session of parhame.t.

CAP. XXXII.

An aCl to permit ships to fall from certain ports of the if and ^Newfoundland, and from the coajl of Labrador, without convoy.— [April 10, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expect.ent, for the benefit of the trade of the fiand 0/Newfoundland and of the coafi of Labrador, and the encouragement of the fisher.es carried on from thence, that ships and vessels fiiould, in fo?ne cases, be permitted to fail and depart from the said if and 0/Newfoundland and coafi of Labrador, without being under the protection of convoy; be it theres.re enacted, by the King’s most excelien. Majesty, by and with the advice and con-sent.of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-

 30gle

I798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III* c. 33.  203

sent.parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, Vesse.s laden That, from and after the palling of this ad, it {hall and may be laws.l for any (hip or vefTel employ.d.in the Newfoundland fishery, or articies 0f9 being wholly laden with filh or other produce of the said fishery, the growth or or with articles of the growth or produce of the said Aland ofPr°duceof Newfoundland or coast: of Labrador, to fail or depart from any j^d^or La-port or place within the said iiland, or on the said coast, (except brador, nny as herein-after is provided), without being accompanied with or fail without being under the protection of convoy, or without a licence hav- convoy or ing been obtained, authorising such ship or velTel fo to fail or de- lice.ce* part; any thing in an ad, palied.in the lad: session of parhame.t, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for other purposes, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this a6t (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or  ^

allow any ship of vessel to fail or depart from the port of Saint John's with-John's, in the said iiland of Newfoundland, without being under out convoy or the protection of convoy, or without licence being fir ft obtained licence, while

1  j  *  #  °  Anv nprlnn

for that purpose, during the time any admiral, or other person authorised to duly authorised by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or by grant licences the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral ihall be reii-for the time being, to grant licences for permitting {hips or vef- dent thereat, fels to fail or depart without being under the protection of convoy, {hall be stationed or resident at the said port of Saint John's.

III.  And be it further enacted. That nothing in the before Polices of recited ad palied.in the lad session of parhame.t Ihall extend, to^b^void^ or to be construed to extend, to render null or void any policy vetfe]s, Sec. of insurance made or to be made on any ship or vessel, or on the failing from goods or merchandize laden therein, on account of such {hip or Newfbund-veffiel failing or departing from the iiland of Newfoundland or coad of Labrador, without being under the protection of convoy, out convoy/ under the authority of this ad, nor Ihall any penalty be incurred nor any by any mader or commander of any ship or velTel or by anv penalty to be other person whatever, on account of any lhip or vessel failing or incurrpd. departing under the authority of this ad, from the said iiland of Newfoundland or coad of Labrador, without being accompanied with and under the protection of convoy.

CAP. XXXIII.

An adt for railing a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills for the service of the year one thousand leven hundred and ninety-nine.

—[April 19, 1799.]

Commissioner. of the treasury may raise y,500,0001. by loans and exchequer bills before June 1, 1799, iR h^e manner as is prese.ibed by the malt a<5t of this session coneer.ing loans. The claules, &c. in the said ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills foilsued.not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before Nov. 20, 1799. Action not to he for refusa..

Principal and interect, with charges, to be repaid out of any money payable under 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. and if the money paid under that ad before Nov. 20, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the consolidated fund.

Exchequer bills may be paid in on instalments to be made under 39 Geo.3.

c. 13*

c. 13, Monies issued out of the consolidated fund, to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advane. the said sura on the credit of this aft j notwithstanding the a& j & 6 Gul. & Mariae, c. ao. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for repealing two afts, pajfed in the thirty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty. which limit the time for killing partridges in England and Scotland ; and for amending fo much of an asti pajfed in the second year of the reign of his present Majefy, as relates to such limitation within that part of Great Britain calied.England, by making other proviso.s for that purpose.—[April 19,1799.]

*6 Geo. a.

39 >

Preamble.  fry Qn pajfed in the second year of the reign

2  Gee. 3. W of his present Majesty, intituled, An adl/for the better pre-c, 19  servation  of  the game in that part of Great Britain calied.England;

it was, amongfi other things, enacted, That no person or persons, after the firjl day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty.twO) Jhould) upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill) defroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their pojfess.on or use, any partridge, between the twelfth day of February and the firjl day of September, in any year, under the penalty therein mentioned: arid whereas by another aft) pajfed in the thirty-sex.h year of the reign of his present. Majesty, for amending the said lajl mentioned aft) the said refriction.was repealed ; and it was enabled) That, from and after the passing of the said aft) no person or persons Jhould, on any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, defroy, carry, fell) buy,  /;/r,  <?r  their  pojfejjion or

use. any partridge, between the twelfth day of February  the four-

teenth day of September, in any year, under the fatne penalty as by the said laf mentioned aft is imposed: and whereas by an aft, pajfed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled) An a£t for the more esse.t.a! preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotla?jd, and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being, relative thereto; it was,amongf other things enacted, That every person who Jhould wilfully take, kill9 defroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her pojfejjion or use, any partridge, between the firs day of February and the firs day of September, in any year, Jhould be liable to the penalty therein mentioned: and whereas by another aft pajfed in the thirty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majessy, Jor amending the said laf mentioned aft, the and 36 Geo 3. said refriction.was repealed; and it was enacted.hat) from and recited.  pasing.of the said aft) every person who Jhould wilfully takey

kill, defroy, f^rry, fell, buy) or have in his or her pojfefion or use. vjithin that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland,  partridge,

firs.day of February the fourteenth day of September* in any year, Jhould be liable to the fame penalties and fors.itures as by the said laf mentioned aft are imposed: and whereas it is expe~ dient that the said afts, pajfed in the thirty sixth year of the reign of his present Majefy, Jhould be repealed, and that the said aft of the second year oj his present Majefy Jhould be amended) fo far as resp.st.

the

13 Geo. 3 c- 54;

205

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 35.

the time fo therein limited, within that part of Great Britain calied.England, by making other provisions for that purpose: may k theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excelien. majesty; by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That* from and after the parting of this a (ft, the said ftecit^ recited acts, parted in the thirty-sixth.year of the reign of his repealed0* present Majesty, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be P repealed.

II.  And be it further enacted That, from and after the parting Recited adt

of this adt, fo much of the said recited adt parted in the second 2 Geo* 3* j  a  to rEr ss

year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the taicing, latestotaking,

killing, destroying, using, or having any partridge, between the See.partridges

twelfth day of February and the first day of September, in any between Feb.

year, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed l2> and ^ePt-

III.  And be it further euacted, That, from and after the pafT- *’ rfej)ea c * ing of this adt, no person or persons shall, on any pretence what- ^y^arf-soever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have, in his, her, ridge between or their possession or use, any partridge within the kingdom of Feb. 1, and Gsea. Britain, between the first day of February and the first day Sept- liable of September in any year; and if any person or persons shall ^Geof 3?S° transgress this adt in the cafe aforesaid, every such person shall c.

be liable to the fame penalty as, by the said adt of the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, is laid and imposed on any person or persons transgressing the fame; such penalty to be imposed, inflisted. recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such and the fame manner, and under such and the fame rules, regulations, and restrictions, as in and by the said adt is provided and directed with .respect. to the penalty thereby imposed on persons trans.gresting.the said adt.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for exempting, during the present war, persons, serving in volunteer corps, and associations, from being bailot.ed for the militia, under certain conditions.—[May 10, 1799.]

WHEREAS it will tend to the further protections and to the Preamble* internal security of this kingdoms if every persons serving in volunteer corpSs or in associations for the defence of particular cities, townss or placeSs and for maintaining publick tranquillity and good order, within the fames was to be exempted from serving personally. or providing a subj.itutesin the militias to beraise. by virtue of two aftsy made in the twenty -sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of the reign of his present Majesty. be it theres.re enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame,* That every person Perfons en-enrolied, or to be enrolied, and serving in any volunteer corps, ro]led in vo* or in any corps or body of men afibciated for the defence of any oraflbciadonV,

city* not liable*to

Anno regni tricesimo nono GeorgiI III. c. 35. [1798.

city, town, or place, and for maintaining publick tranquillity and good order within the fame, whether of infantry or cavalry, which new are or (hall be raised in pursuance of any a6l or a<5ts of parhame.t, (hall be exempt from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a substitute, in the militia, authorised to be railed by the said ads, or either of them.

II.  And be it further enacted, That the names of all persons now enrolied.and serving in any such corps, or afTociation, shall be entered on a muster roll, a copy of which Ihall be trans.mitted to the lieutenant of the county on or before the fist.enth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, signed by the commanding officer of the corps or company to which such persons shall belong; and that monthly returns, specifying. the enrolment of all such persons as may after the passing of this ad be enrolied.in any such corps or afTociation, shall be, in like manner, transmitted by the commanding officer thereof to such lieutenant, or to some person appointed by him to receive the fame; and that all fucb muster rolls and returns shall be fmgofthisad, certified by such lieutenant, or other person as aforesaid, to the rnitted^in^' c^er^ °f general meetings of the. lieutenancy, within ten like manner days a^er they shall have been fo transmitted ; and the said and certified clerk of the general meeting is hereby required forthwith to by the lieut.- transmit copies thereof to the several subdivision meetings holden cler^of'the ^or PurP°^e hearing appeals against the militia lift returned general  from each parish.

206

to serve or provide a substitute in the militia.

The names of volunteers now enrolied.to be entered on a muiter loll; and transmitted to the county lieutenant, by May 15, 1799; and monthly returns of persons enrolied.after the paf-

Mufter rolls to be transmitted yearly to the county lieutenants, and certified

III.  Provided always, and be it further enacte.. That fresh muster rolls shall, in the present and every future year, be transmitted in the like manner to the lieutenant of the county, or other person authorised as aforesaid to receive the fame, on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, and (hall be certified by

by them tothe him to the clerk of the general meeting thereof bv the fist. day C'eneral°meet January following, in the manner and for the purposes herein-fngTand the" bef°re mentioned; and that the commanding officer fo trans.commanding mittingthe fame, shall annex thereto a certifie.te signed by him-officer to self, certifying that he has not, to the best of his knowledge and annex a certi- belief, inserted in the said muster roll the name of any person persons in- ^ wh° has n0N ^ince  date  t^e Pad"lr,g °f this a&> (or since.

fcrtedinthe the date of his enrolment, if the fame shall have been posterior roll have duly to the passing of this aft), duly attended at the exereis. of the a^nded ex- COTpSf> 0r afTociation, unless prevented by sickness, or by such eiLUt*  other sufficient reason as shall have been duly allowed by the

commanding officer ; and no person shall at any time be entitled to claim such exemption as aforesaid, unless his name shall be found either on the last muster rolls which shall have been fo transmitted and certified as aforesaid, or on some monthly return which shall be posterior thereto.

IV.  And be it further enacted. That no person shall be entitled to claim such exemption as aforesaid by reason of his enrolment

_ and service in any corps of volunteers, or in any afTociation, unless.

the commanding officer thereof shall, at the times oftransmit.ing that the corps  0

has been in-  th-

No person to be entitled to exemption, unless the commanding

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 35.  207

the muster rolls of such corps or association in manner aforesaid, sped.ed within

certify at the foot thereof that such corps or association has been 3 months, by

infpebled at least once in the space of the three months imme- fiej^officer,

diately preceding the date thereof, by some general or field or that it is

officer of his Majesty’s regular foroes, or, if such insped.ion shall ready to be

not have taken place, that such corps or association is ready in*P^e<**

and willing to be fo infpebled, at least twice in the fix months c£P,es ofcer-•  .  ^  1  '  9  tine ites to

immediately following, at its usual place or places and times c^rtjfied. to

of meeting; copies of which certifie.tes shall be certified by such the clerk of

lieutenant to the clerk of the general meeting, and by him to general

the subdivision meetings, together with the muster rolls.  meetings.

V.  And be it further enabled, That in the laid muster rolls ^^otis.in1*” and monthly returns, there shall be regulari. inserted the names indention of^ of every such person as, having been enrolied.in any such discontinuing volunteer corps or association as aforesaid, shall, flnce the their service, date of the last muster roll or monthly return, have notis.ed to disc.ar-0 e^to the commanding officer thereof his intention of disc.ntinuingbelnsene.* ° his service therein, or have been discharged from such corps or in the muster association by the commanding officer thereof, on account of rolls and non-attendane. or otherwise ; and that if any such person, during s^^ancf if the period of his having been enrolied.in such corps or affocia- f^ch p’erfons tion, shall have been drawn for the militia, and have been shall have exempted from service therein on account of his enrolment and been previous.service.in such volunteer corps or association, he shall on such resignation or discharge as aforesaid, be able to serve for the exempt_ district in which he was drawn in the fame manner as if he had ed, they shall, not been exempted ; and if there shall beat that time no vacane. on such relig-for the district for which he was drawn, he or his substitute shall ^on or

be accounted as a lupernumerary for the fame until a vacane. bebable^ shall arise.  to serve.

VI.  And with a view to the better execution of this be it County lieu-

further enabled, That his Majesty’s lieutenants of the several tenants to counties and places in Great Britain, shall, once in every year,  a

transmit.to one of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries of state, j^rcUry of an abstract of the several muster rolls fo transmitted to them date, anab-resp.btively within the year; which abstract shall express the ftract.of the names of the several corps, or associations the number of perfpns mu^er roils“ enrolied.and serving therein respect.ively* their conditions of service, and whether the fame have been infpebled, or are willing

to be infpebled, as aforesaid.  vr ^  *  n  ‘

VII.  And be it further enabled, That muster rolls, returns, &CU i^the and certifie.tes, respectively made up, returned, and certified, forms annex-according to the several forms thereof, A, B, C, and D, an-ed, or inst.u. nexed to this abl, (hall be deemed to be sufficient and valid for ?^a the purposes of the fame; but that if, from any variation of cir- portj to ^ cumstane.s, or other reason, these forms should not be strictly deemed valid, adhered to, instruments of a similar import may nevertheless be

deemed sufficient for the purposes aforesaid.  .

VIII.  And be it enabled, That this adt shall have continuance J^0^nuance during the present war, and no longer.

FORMS

FORMS referred to in the above ACT.

A.

FORM of muster roll and certifie.tes, to be transmitted by the commanding officers of volunteer corps or affiociations to the lieutenant of the county or place, on or before the fist.enth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, in that and every succeeding year.

To A. li. his Majesty’s lieutenant for the  of

MUSTER ROLL of the persons enrolied.and serving in the  of  volunteers, or

association, commanded by

\rO.  Name.  When  enrolied.  No.  Name.  When  enrolied.  No.  Name.  When  enrolied.  No.  N arae.  When  enrolied.  No.  Name.  When  enrolied.

1  2  3  4-  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12 *3  14  15  C. D.  E. F. G. H.  I May, 17 94*                        

N. B. Difcharged or quitted since the date of the last muster.roll,

A. B.

C. D. &c.

Signed,

December 24, 17 K. L. Commanding officer.

CER.

1798*] Anno regni tricefimci nond Georgii III. c. 35. CERTIFICATE.

I,  K• L. commanding officer of the  do

hereby certify, in pursuance of an aft of parhame.t* parted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft, [here insert the title of the aft], that the conditions of service agreed to by the said corps of  or

affociatiotij are as follows; videlicet, That the said corps or association has consented, [hereSpecify the conditions of service. ; and that all and every the persons named in the above muster roll have duly rtgnisi.d to me, [or other commanding officer of the corps or association., their consent thereto.

[N. B. The following paragraph is to be omitted in the mttjler roll to be sent on or before the fist.enth of May o?ie thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; but is to be infer ted in all those.to be trans.ined on or before the twenty-fourth of December in each year].

(And I do further certify, That I have not, to the best of my knowledge and belief, inserted, or caused to be inserted, in the above muster roll, containing (specify.the number) names, the name of any person who has not, since the date of the parting the said aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, [or since the date of his enrolment, if the fame has been posterior to the parting the said aft], duly attended at the ex~ ercifeof the corps, or association, unless prevented by sickness, or by such other sufficient reason as hath been duly allowed by me* or by the commanding officer of the corps or association for the time being).

And I do further certify, That the said corps or association (hath, in the course of the three months immediately preceding the date hereof, been inspected by A. B. general [or field) officer in his Majesty’s service., 0r,^(hath not within the lart: three months been inspected in the manner required by the said aft, but is ready and willing to be fo inspes.ed, as in the said aft is provided.)

Signed*

K. L.

Commanding Officer*

Dated the

Vol. XLII.  P  FORM

no

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii-IIL c. 35. [1798*

FORM of consent of each person hereast.r to be enrolied.in any corps of volunteers or association, to the conditions of service thereof.

To it. L. commanding officer of the  of  volunteers

or  association.

I,  C. D. having enrolied.myself in the said corps, or association, do hereby consent and engage myself.o the conditions of service thereof, videlicet, [here specify the conditions of Jirvice, as the cafe may he].

Signed Q D.

Dated  the

c.

FORM of monthly return and certifie.te of volunteer corpse or association, to be transmitted by the commanding officer thereof to the lieutenant of the county or place.

To A. B. his Majesty’s lieutenant for the  of

MONTHLY RETURN of the  of  com-

manded by

Colonel. j  Lieut. Colonel. |  Major. j  Captains. |  Captain Lieut. J  Lieutenants. j  Cornets. j  | Ensigns. j  | Quarter Masters j  j Serjeants. |  Corporals. j  <D  <U  c,  E  a  S-c  [ Drummers. j  Filers. j  Privates. j  Enrolied.since last return;    Discharged, or quitted, or dead, since last return.  

                              No.  Names.  No.  Names*

Signed,  K.  L. Commanding Officer.

I,  K. L. commanding officer of the  do  hereby

certify, that the several persons whose names are herein contained, as enrolied.in the said corps or association since the last return thereof, have duly signisi.d to .me [or other commanding officer of the corps or association., under their hands, their consent to the conditions of service thereof.

abstract

lit

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 36, 37.

Di

ABSTRACT of muster rolls to be yearly transmitted by the lieutenants of counties, See. to one of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries of state.

To M. N. one of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries of state.

ABSTRACT of muster rolls of volunteer corps and affb-ciations within the  of  received by me O.P. his

Majest.’s lieutenant for the fame, since the  day of

in the year

No.  Names and de-  i'cription of corps and also.iations.  Number of persons enrolied, and serv.ing therein.  Conditions of service.  When inspes.ed, or if willing to be fo, asrequiredby the act 39 Geo. III.

I  Gentlemen & Yeomanry.  60.  As required in the adt 39 Geo. III.  fnsped.ed Oct. 25, 1799.

2  Infantry.  IOO.  Within the said town only.  Not insped.ed, but willing to be fo.

3  <  Ditto.  *  7®.  In any part of Great Britain.  Ditto.

& c.  See.  See.  &c.  See.

CAP. XXXVL

An a dt for inere.sing the rates of fublisten.e to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldier..*~[May 10, 3799.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An afl for remedying certain desea.s in the law resp.fling offences committed upon the high sea..—[May 10, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an afl pajjed in the twenty-eighth year of King Preamble.

Henry the Eighth, it is enaflee., That treasons 'feionics. rob- 28 Hen, beries, murthers, and confederacies, committed on the high seas, /hall c« *5* be enquired of tried, and determined, in such Jhires and places in the realm, as shall be limited by the King’s contmiffon to be dires.ed for the fame, in like form and condition as if any such offence or offences had been committed or done in or upon the land: and whereas it is expect.ent to declare that other offences co?nmitted on the seas may be enquired of tried, and determined, in like manner; be it enacted and

V 2  declared

Dy 

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 38,'39. [1798.

declared by the King's most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority Offencescom- of the fame. That all and every offence and offences which, after mitted on the the pass.g of this a£F, {hall be committed upon the high seas out be^lia^kto  l^e  anY county this realm, (hall be, and they are

the famet0  hereby  declared to be offences of the fame nature resp.£tively,

pumflimen.s and to be liable to the fame puniffmnents respectively, as if they as if commit- had been committed upon the (bore; and (hall be enquired of, and to £0re> ^eard, trie<^> and determined and adjudged, in the fame manner tried and ad- as dease.s, feionics, murthers/and confederacies, are directed to judged iu the be by the fame a£h

lame manner as feionics, &c. are directed by the recited ad.

Perfons tried II. And be it further enabled. That when any person or per-for murther fons  trjecj  for  tpe crime of murther or manslaugh.er.

ter^dfound comm'itted upon the bY virtae of any commilli.n directed guilty of under the said a<d, and shall be found guilty of manslaugh.er.man (laugh ter only, such persons or person shall be entitled to receive the bene-only,(ha!l be fit Gf clergy in like manner, and shall be subject to the fame benehTo\°the Puni&ment> as if he or they had committed such'manslaugh.er.clergy, and be in or upon the land, subject to the fame punillimen. as if committed on land.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June ohe thous.iid eight hundred and four, and amend an ad, made in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of jape feed, and other feeds used for extracting.oil, whenever the prie.s of middling British rape feed shall be above a certain limit j and to continue several laws relating to the allowing the importation of sea. ikins cured with foreign (alt, free of duty, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four; to the more efredual encouragement of the manus.ctures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three; and fo much of an ad, made in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better feeliring the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time, until the fist. day of June one thousand eight hundred.—[May 10, 1799.]

From the first of June, 17991 the average prie.s of middling British rape feed at the places of importation shall be aseer.ained in like manner as the the prie.s of corn under 31 Geo. 3. c. 30.

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft to amend an aft made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An atd for granting to his Ma-jest.. certain {tamp duties on indentures of clerkship. to solicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therein mentioned. [May 10, 1799.]

Preamble.  If THE RE AS by an aft of parhame.t? passed in the thirty fourth

34. Geo. 3. V V year of the reign of his present. Majesty, intituled, An a£I for e» 14*  granting to his Majesty certain {lamp duties on indentures of

clerkship.

*798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 39.  2*13

clerkship. to solicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therein-mentioned, disenabled, That within the bills of mortality, from and after the fist. day of February one thous.and sieve. hundred and ninety four, and in every other part of England and Wales, from and after the tenth-day of February one thousand sieve. hundred and ninety four, there shall be raified, levied, collected, and paid unto, and for the ufie of his Majesty, bis heirs andsuccessors, for and in refipedt of every contract in writing made after the fiaid fist. and tenth days of February one thous.and sieve. hundred and ninety-four refipediively, whereby any. person fioall become bound to serve as a derk, in order to his admijfion as a fiolicitor or attorney in any of the courts of law or equity in the fiaid ad mentioned, in pursuance of the laws then in force for the better regulation of solicitors and after-tiies, divers rates and duties in the fiaid act mentioned, and the indentures or other zuritings, containing fine. contract duly Jlamped according to the directions of the fiaid ad, are required to be enrolied. or regijlered ivith the proper officer to be appointed for that purpose by she court wherein fiuch person shall propose to be afterwards admitted a fiolicitor or attorney by virtue of the service under fiuch contract, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution of fiuch con-trad by fiuch clerk; and in cafe fiuch indenture or other writing floall not be fio enrolied.or regijlered within fix months next after the execution thereof, together voith fiuch affidavit of the time of execution of fiuch contract, then and in fiuch cafe the service of sue.? clerk under such indenture or writing shall be deemed to commence from the time of such enrolment or regijlry only, and not from the execution of such indenture or writing: and whereas the fiaid ad did not receive the royal aficent until the twenty-eighth day of March one thous.and sieve. hundred and ninety-four, and fever al persons were bound by indentures and writings made, after the said fist. and tenth days 0/February rfipedively, and before the said twenty-eighth day of March, and which indentures and zuritings are charged with and liable to the fiaid duties imposed by the fiaid ad!, and no provijion is therein made for the payment of the fame, or for the enrolment or regijlry of fiuch indentures and writings resp.fiively: and whereas it is reofonable that fiome provijion Jhould be made for that purpose .* theres.re be it enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tin’s present of parhame.t ailembled, and by the authority of the fame. That any and every such indenture and indentures of Writing, made after the said fist. and tenth days of February one derkship. to thousand seven hundred and ninety-four relpedtively, and before solicitors or tile said twenty-eighth day of March in the fame year, whereon Attornies any such duty is, by the laid aft required to be paid, (ball and 'e/^r

/“>i  .  ,  *i  1  <  reO. ^, \*j 949

may on payment or the duty thereby required, on or before the within the first day of  one’thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, bills of ftior^

be stamped with the proper stamp in that belial.; and the com- tahty, and missioner. for the time being appointed to manage the duties on Mother parts stamped parclime.t, paper, and vellum, are hereby authorised ofEnglandand and required to caule the fame to be stamped accordingly.  Wales, and

before March 2S, 1794, may, on payment of duty required by the recited aft, by June ?, 1799, be stat.ped ;

* '  p 3  II.  A  ad

and within three month9 thereast.r may be enrolied, &c.

II* And be it further enacted, That every such indenture and writing {hall and may, at any time within three calendar months next atter the fame (hall be fo stamped by virtue of this aft, be enrolied.and registered by the proper officer of the court for that purpose, together with an affidavit of the time of the due execution of such contract, in manner directed by the said aft; and such officer of the said courts is hereby required and authorised to enrol and register the fame accordingly; and the service of every such clerk shall be deemed and taken to commence according to the due execution of such indenture and writing; the said aft, or any thing herein contained, to the contrary not-withstanding.

CAP. XL.

An adl to amend fo much of three afls, made in the last and present fejftons of parhame.t, for making perpetual, subject to redemption and pnrchase, the several sums of money charged as a land tax, as relates to that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland*—[May 10,1799.]

WHEREAS it is expect.ent that the time for carrying into, execution an a£ly pajfed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majessy, intituled, An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and pure.ase in the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; which add was explained and amended by two other adls passed in the present session of parhame.t; should, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, be fill further extended and enlarged; be it theres.re enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and coos.nt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t Corporations alsembled, and by the authority of the fame, ThaG all bodies ^ffess.on^f^  an<l corporate, companies and persons in the said afts

land in Scot- mentioned, who by the said afts are empowered to contract.for land entitled the redemption of the land tax, charged on any estates, lands, to redeem the tenements, and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain calied.

tax m pies.r- $c0flanc{ Qf which they shall be in pofTeffion, or beneficially en-cncc to rever-  7  j  r  7  j

fioners till titled to the rents and prosi.s in prese.ence to any bodies, cor-

July ia, 1799. porations, or companies, having any interest in reversion or ex-

(initead of pestan.y therein, or being substitute heirs of entail in the fame

^^reversion.^an<^s5 tenements, or hereditaments, until the twenty-fist. day of

ers in prese.- March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and their

ence to all respective tutors, curators, guardians, or trustees, on their be-

others till half, (hall have, and be entitled to the like benefit or prese.ence

ftnstead.of99> *n anc* t0 ^ reckmption °f such land tax, until the twelfth day

June z$) °f Juty one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and in

cafe no contract.shall have been entered into by or on belial. of

such.bodies, corporations, or companies, or persons in poss.ssion,

or entitled as last mentioned, on or before the said twelfth day

of

Preamble.

3B Geo. 3. c. 60. and

39 Geo. 3. c. 6. and ai* recited.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii ITT. c. 40.  215

of July one thou fan d seven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in every such cafe the bodies, corporations, or companies, or other person or persons having such interests in reversion or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of entail, entitled in their order to succeed to the said estates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and who, by the said acts, were empowered to contra# for the redemption of the land tax charged thereon after the said twenty-fist. day of Match one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fist. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in prese.ence to any other bodies, corporations, or companies, or other persons whatsoever not having an interest therein, and their respect.ive tutors, curators, guardians, or trustees, on their belial. (hall have and be entitled to such and the like benefit of prese.ence in the redemption of such land tax, from and after the said twenty-fist. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, as is given to them resp.#ively by the said a#s, until the said twenty-fist. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II.  Provided always^ and be it further enacted, That in cafe Measur.s any bodies, corporations, or companies, or other person or per- Marcha^and Tons having interest in reversion or expectancy, or being subs.i- the patting of tute heirs of entail, entitled to succeed as above mentioned, and this adt, by to a prese.ence in terms of the above recited a# of this present reversioner., fefiion of parhame.t, from and after the said twenty-fist. day °^^^aietheg March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the prese.ence said twenty-fist. day of June next, (ball have, between the said given them by twenty-fist. day of March and the date of the palling this a#, 39 Geo. 3. taken any measures for rendering such prese.ence esse.t.ual, all g^uinfi^Tuf ~ such measures and proceedings (hall be suspended by virtue of, 2 . but the * this present a# until the twelfth day of July one thousand seven parties in pof-hundred and ninety-nine ; and it (hall be competent and laws.l fefiion to re-for all bodies, corporations, or companies, person or persons, ofT 1 actually possessed of or beneficially entitled to the rents and pro- measur.s. * fits of such estates, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to render esse.tual the benefit of the prese.ence granted them by this a# until the twelfth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, notwithstanding of such measures and proceedings held by substitute heirs of entail, or other persons interested in reversion or expectancy in the said estates as above mentioned, on condition however of their paving to such substitute heirs of entail, or persons interested in reversion or expectancy as afore-said, the expence of such inesse.tual measures or proceedings.

Ill* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no land No land tax tax shall, before the said twenty-fist. day of December one thou- to be to land seven hundred and ninety-nine, be put up to sale by auction or other.ife, or fold to any person or persons, other than such Dec. 25, than person or persons as by this adt are enabled to redeem the fame those hereby prior to the laid twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except where notice shall be given that they^ive ao~

p 4  the  nee not to

remains unfold.

No land ts& to be fold to any but per-fons interect.

216  Annoregni  tricesimo  nono  Georg.ii III. c. 40. [1793.

claim such the last mentioned perfort or persons are not to claim the benefit pre erene.. Qf prese.ence given by this a<5f.

person.6* IV. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the inteveste. in twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and lands, may re- ninety-nine, any persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, hav-deem on the ing any interest in any estates, lands, tenements, or heredita-be^e6wlfi^S ments> rnay at anY time thereast.r contract. and agree for the the land tax redemption of their land tax charged thereon, in the fame manner, and under the fame terms and conditions, as such persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, may do prior to the said twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; provided that such land tax (hall then remain unfold in pursuance of the provisions of the said a&s : provided also, That no land tax (hall be fold in pursuance of the said a61s after the said twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in any cafe where the persons, bodies, ed, where they corporations, or companies, shall have given notice to the re-

have given no- fpe£fcive commissioners for the purposes of the said acts, of an in-

1,106 or intcn* *  •  •  ^  t  *  *

tion to re- ' Mention of redeeming the fame in pursuance thereof, other than

deem; nor re- to stich persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, interested as,

deemed by re- aforesaid : provided also, That no such land tax shall be redeemed

version.rs lor by any bodies, corporations, or companies, having any interect.

in reversion or expectancy, in the estates, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, whereon such land tax shall be charged, for the

space.of three months after notice given to the respective com-

misti.ners by any persons, bodies, corporations, or companies

considered.by the said a£ts as being in the actual poste.ilo. of the

said.estates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of an intention

to redeem the fame in pursuance of this a6I.

V.  And be it further enacsea, That where any contr2cf shall Tul 12 trans entere^ ^nt0 a^ter the twelfth day of July one thousand seven fersof ftoclc hundred and ninety-nine, in pursuance of this act, the capital

stock.to be transferred as the consideration thereof shall be made within the period of four years, from the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by the like number of instalments, and on the like days in each year, with the like power to transfer the fame, bv anv less number of instalments, or in advane., as by the said recited act is allowed ; and the first of the said instalments (hall, in every such cafe, be made on before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any farm, lands, or tenements, usually po fie fled together, (hall be proposed to be fold under the provisions of the said aCi, in order to redeem the land tax charged thereon, and also on other estates, lands,

fold to redeem tenements, or hereditaments, which stan. sett.ed and limited to

thereof ^nd ^ fame uses, and in the fame order and course, and under the

on other fame restraints and conditions of success.on, and which farm, lands,

estate. limited or tenements, shall be more than fustic.ent for that purpose ;

to the fame and in cafe it shall appear to the court of section, either from the

uses.; and the detached iituation of such farm, lands, or tenements, or from furphisdif-  anv

three months after such notice from persons in pof* fess.on.

On contracts made after

to be made within four vears from t)ec. 25; and the first instal.ment on or before Jan. i, }8oo.

The whole of a farm, &c. which cannot be eligibly divided may be

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 40^  217

any other circumstane.s, that such farm, lands, or tenements, posed of, un.

cannot be divided, in order that an adequate part thereof may be  ^

fold, without loss to the parties interected, or that the sale of the court of

whole of such farm, lands, or tenements, would be more eligible fefiion.

and advantageous to the said entailed estate, and to the fuccefilve

subs.itute heirs of entail in their order, it (hall be competent and

laws.l for the said court of fefiion, in like manner as it is autho-

rifed to proceed in other cases.by the before recited ad of the

thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, (due notice having been

given to the next substitute heir of entail, being of laws.l age

and resident within Great Britain, of such proposal to fell and

dispos. of such farm, lands, or tenements), to direct and autho-

rife the sale of the whole of such farm, lands, or tenements ; and

the surplus money, after pure.asing flock sufi.cient to redeem

such.land tax, and paying and discharging the costs and expences

attending the sale thereof, (hall, with the interests and annual

produce thereof, be applied and disposed of under the direct.ion

and with the approbation of the said court, in the fame manner

as in the said recited ad is directed, with respect to the eventual

surplus.arising from sales, when no more has been exposed to

sale.than is judged adequate for the redemption of such land tax.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That all expences incurred by Expences 111-

heirs of entail,  or others,  entitled as  afore said  to pure.ase  the curred by

1  7  •  i  heirs or

land tax asse.ting the entailed estate in Scotland, either in felling taq -m

part of the said estate, or borrowing money on heritable security, pure.asing the

or pure.asing out of their own proper means the land tax afred- land tax,

ing the entailed estate, (hall be defrayed out of the prie. of the

lands fo fold, or shall be ineluded.in the heritable or other proper the prie. of

security, and may be made part of the charge upon the entailed the lands

estate: provided always, That the amount of these expences fold,orcharg-

fball be previouily aseer.ained by the court of section, by deer.e

to be obtained on a summary applie.tion to that purpose.  previously &

asce.tained by the court of fefiion

VIII.  And be it further enacted. That in all applie.tions to Applie.tions the court of lection in Scotland by 3ny heir of entail for obtaining

the authority of that court to the sale, mortgage, or grant of any e^taiTfcr

estates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, authorise. to be fold sales of

or charged by the said acts palied.in the thirty-eighth year of his estates, to be

present.Majesty, and in this present fefiion of parhame.t, such acivertifed in r  ■  J  n  *  .  1  *  •  -  .  1  5  .1  c u theEdmburgh

applie.tions shall not only be intimated upon tne wails or the gazette as

outer and inner house for ten sederunt days, in the manner there- well ashiti-

in directed, but also (hall be adyer.ised weekly for two weeks mated upon

fucceftively in the Edinburgh gazette.  walls  °f

IX.  And be it further enabled, That in cafe such sale {hall be tle court*

authorise. by the court, such sale shall be carried on by publick  by pubbck

auction, at such time and on such notices as the court of section audtion, pre-ihall from time to time direct ; and further, that previous to any vious to which sale to be made in the terms and by virtue of the powers fo re- court shall quired and given by the said ads, the court of section shall caule to^e drawiT articles of sale to be drawn up in the usual forms required by the upj binding

law the pure.as.r

2l8

to pay the prie. to a trustee, who fball pay the money into the bank of England, upon which the pure.aser (hall be entitled to a conveyance.

Any number

of' persons wbose.land tax Iball noi; exceed 5I. each may join in appointing a trustee to redeem their respective land taxes in one contract.

Collectors of the land tax in a limited time to enter into such bonds as the barons of the exchequer shal. require, with the com-mifTloners, for paying the

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 40. [1798. law of Scotland for making such sale esse.tual, and whereby the pure.aser shal. be taken bound to pay the prie. to a trustee, to be named by the person or persons in whose name or for whose behoof the said sale or Tales is or are carried on, and which trustee (hall be approved of by the said court, and (hall find security to their satisfaction, that the sum or sums of money fo to be paid to him by the said pure.aser or pure.asers, shal. be duly and faiths.lly applied in the manner and for the purposes herein and by the said afts enjoined and directed; and further, that the said trustee, upon receipt of the said prie. or prie.s, (hall be forthwith bound to pay the said sum of money into the bank of Eng* land, to be there placed to the account of the commilfioners for the reduction of the national debt, to be by them applied in the manner and for the purposes directed and specified by the said aft of the thirty-eighth of his present Majesty, and the receipt of the cashier or casti.ers of the bank (hall be a full and sufficient dif-charge to the said trustee, and to the said pure.aser or pure.asers, of the sum or sums of money fo agreed to be paid by him, her, or them, in manner aforesaid } and which pure.aser or pure.asers, upon payment of the sum or sums by the said trustee into the bank of England as aforesaid, (hall be entitled to demand 2nd obtain from the said heir of entail, or other person or persons in whose name, or at whose instane., or for whose behoof the said sale or Tales is or are carried on, such disposition, conveyance, or other title to the subjects fo fold, containing all usual and necessary clauses for rendering complete the right to the fame in fayour.of the said pure.aser or pure.asers, under the direction of the said court.

X.  And whereas by the said aft of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, any number of persons, whose laud tax shall not exceed twenty-five Jhillings for ling each, may join in appointing a trustee to redeem their respective land taxes, and pure.ose.the whole in one contra ft, in manner therein particulari. directed: and whereas it is expect.ent, and would tend greatly to facilitate the execution of the said aft, ifjust: powers were further extended; be it further enabled. That it (ball be laws.l for any number of persons, whose land tax resp.st.vdy shal. not exceed the annual sum of five pounds llerling, to join in appointing a trustee to redeem their respec.tive land taxes, and for such trustee to pure.ase the whole of such respective land taxes in one contract, in like manner, and under all the proviloes and conditions as is directed by the aforesaid aft in the cafe before-mentioned.

XI.  And be it further enacted. That the respective collectors of eels or land tax, appointed or to be appointed in the several (hires, stewart.ies, cities, burghs, and places, in Scotland, (hall^ within forty days after the palling of this aft, and before they, or any of them, (hall receive any monies to be paid as the oon-fideration for the redemption of any land tax in pursuance of the said recited afts, or either of them, enter into bonds to the said respective commissioners for the purposes of the said afts, or any three or more of them, in such fibres, stewart.ies, cities, butghs,

and

by 

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nano Georgii III. c. 40*  219

and places, with such good and sufficient caution, as the barons monies they of the exchequer in Scotland (hall require, binding him or them, recelve to and his or their sureties, conjundtly and severally, for his an^ nera7for Icqt-thejr duly paying to the receiver general for Scotland at Edin- iand. burgh, at such times after the receipt thereof as the said barons {hall direct to be inserted in such bonds, all such sum and furns of money as (hall be paid to them in pursuance of the said recited acts, or either of them, for the redemption of any land tax, under a penalty of two hundred pounds sterling, over and above performane. ; and which bonds the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to take, and the said respective com mi (boners {hall forthwith cause the said bonds to be delivered to the receiver general at Edinburgh, or not being delivered to such receiver general, (hall cause the fame to be registered in the books of couneil.and session, and extracts.thereof to be delivered to the said receiver general at Edinburgh.

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in If coliedtors cafe the collect.or or coliedtors in any {hire, stewart.y, city, fail ei\ter burgh, or place, {hall fail or negleet.to enter into such bond as commissioners aforesaid within the period herein-before mentioned, the said to certify the commissioners {hall immediately, after the expiration of the said hme to the forty days, certify such failure or negleet.to^the said barons of the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland; and it {hall thereupon be laws.l for the said barons, and they are hereby required upon the re-order the con-ceipt of such certifie.te, to order and direct that the consideration fideration for for the redemption of any land tax in such (hire, flewartry, city, redemption of burgh, or place, where the fame {hall be in money, shall be ^oney,' paid to the receiver general, or his deputy or deputies at Edin- to be paid to burgh, or to such person or persons in such (hire, (lewartry, city, the receiver burgh, or place, as he shall appoint to receive the fame; and general,which after such order or direction all and every persons and person, torg^aif ac"-bodies, corporations, and companies, who {hall contract for the cordingly pay* redemption of any land tax, the consideration for the redemption whereof shall be in money, (hall pay such consideration to such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or such person or persons as he (hall appoint to receive the fame as aforesaid; and the certifie.te or receipt of such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or such person or persons as aforesaid, (and which he and they are hereby empowered and directed to give), shall be as valid and esse.t.ual in all respects as the receipt of any collector is by the said adt directed to be, in cafe such consideration was paid to a collect.or in pursuance of the said recited adt.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That in every cafe where Where any any such collect.or or coliedtors shall fail or negleet.to pay over collators shall to the said receiver general at Edinburgh, or his deputy or depu- over the mo-ties, any such sum or sums of money within such number of ney received, days after the fame shall be received by him or them as afore- to the receiver said, as {hall be specified in the bond entered into by such col- £eneral> he lect.r or coliedtors as aforesaid, the said receiver general, or his the^bonVta deputy or deputies, may present the said bond, or an extract the barons of

thereof,

220

the exchequer, praying for a legal process upon the bond; or may proceed to recover thereon, according to the course of the coart of exchequer.

The recited a£ts and this a<5t to be con-ftrued together as one acfb

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgxi III. c. 41. [1798.

thereof, to $ny one or more of the barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a petition stating the sum due and not accounted for by such colles.or or collectors, and praying for a horqing, or other competent and legal process of court, upon such bond or extract, making oath that the sum {rated in the petition is due and not accounted for, and the baron or barons to whom such petition (hall be presented may thereupon order a horning, or other competent and legal process of court, to ifFue; and which process of court may be proceeded in by arrest.ent, poinding, denunciation, caption, imprisonment, and otherwise tor recovering from such collector or collectors, and his, her, or their surety or sureties, the sums due from such collator or collectors, and for the penalty of two hundred pounds, in such bond, over and above the sums fo due as aforesaid ; or the receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, upon making oath to the sums due and unaccounted for, lhall be at liberty to proceed to the recovering the payment thereof, and of the penalty in the bond, by any process for recovering payment of debts due to his Majesty, according to the course of the court of exchequer m Scotland.

XIV.  And be it further enacted, That all and every the provisions of this act {hall, in the execution of the said recited adt§ of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, and the aforesaid a£f of this fefTion of parhame.t, be used and applied, and construed in like manner as if the fame provisions were specially enabled in the said a£ls ; and all and every the provisions of the said acts (hall, in the execution of this aexcept where the fame are hereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner as if the fame provisions (except as aforesaid. were specially enacted in this a&.

CAP. XLL

An a<51 for railing an additional sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.—[May ic, 1799.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3,000,000!, by loans and exchequer bills, before July 1, 1799; in like manner as is prese.ibed by the malt net of this self.n coneer.ing loans, See. Exchequer bills to be fgned by the auditor of the exchequer, or other perion duly authorise.. Exchequer bills to be charged on the second and on the fist.i and iixth instalments of any loan to be granted this session, to be made out in equal proportions of i,oool. and 5col. See. The clauses, Sec. in the malt adt relating to loans or exchequer hills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo iffiied not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before December ao> 3799. Adi on not to lie for refusa.. Principal and interect, with charges, to be repaid in equal proportions out of the second, fist. and sixth inital.ents, oq any loan of this session, and if the instalments paid before December io, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies fo ihued.to be replaced out of the iirft {Applies. Bank of England authorised to advane. the said Aim on the credit of this aft, notwithstanding the ad 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Marias, c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP.

221

E79$*1 Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii 111. c. 42. CAP. XLIL

An aft to enable the commercial commijfoners appointed to carry into execution certain afts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time limited by the fa id afts for receiving returns of income ; and for explaining and amending the said afts.—[May io, 1799*]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the present session of parlia- Preamble, hame.t, intituled, An abl for extending the time for return- 39 Geo. 3* ing statements under an abl, passed in the present section of par- c* anci 2iament, intituled, c An abl to repeal the duties imposed by an abl, made in the last section of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war ; and to make more esse.tual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income in lieu of the said duties, and to amend the said abl,? the time for making returns of income' to commercial com-mijfoners appointed under a prior aft of the fame fcjfon of parlia-merit, is limited io the period of ten days after their appoiyiiment: and whereas it is expect.ent to empower such commis.toners to enlarge c* 13 > recited* th§ time for making returns to them, from time to time, as they jhali judge necejfary : and whereas it is expect.ent, that fo much of an aft, pajfed in this session of parhame.t, for granting certain duties upon income, and of the said recited aft, as relates to the colie ftion and payment of the said duties, should be explained and amended, and that any omissions or misa.es which may have happened in the. appointment af the commijjioners for executing the said afts, should be fapplied or rectified: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King's moil excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority of the fame. That it ftiall be laws.l for the re- Commercial fpeblive commercial commis.ioners appointed as aforesaid, from commis.ioners time to time, to issue their orders for enlarging the time for de- the*time for livering to them statements, and making returns of income of delivering persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, liable to be charged statements, fo to the duties in the said abls mentioned by such commercial com-. missioner., fa as that, after the latess. period fo to be fixed, there tjme for remain sufficient time for making the afleftmenrs upon such re- making the turns prior to the fist. day of June one thousand seven hundred assessments and ninety-nine, and to cause the periods fixed by them for such Pri°r to Jun(~ delivery and returns, to be from time to time published in the^ocaufothe London Gazette, or some newspaper usually circulated in the periods they county, riding, or place where such commis.ioners (hail abl; fix for such which orders, under the names of three or more such commis. ^vertifecTin6 fioners, (hall be as valid and esse.tual, to all intents and purposes, gazette, as if the periods fixed therein had been limited in and by this or some paper abl; and all persons who lhail have omitted to make such returns circulated in within the period required-by the said recited abls, or either of them, who before or on the day or days fixed, or to be fixed, by  y

such.commercial commis.ioners for that purpose, ilia 11 have made, or shall make, such return as by the said recited abls, or either

of

±22  Anno regnitricesimo.nono Georgii III. c. 42. [1798.

of them, is authorised; and all futh commercial commissioners who {hall have received, or {hall receive within such times as aforesaid, any such returns, {hall be, and are hereby indemnisi.d, freed, and discharged, from and against all actions, suits, penalties, and fors.itures, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such omission or a£ls ; and every such return made, or to be made within the time limited, or to be limited, by the said commercial commissioners as aforesaid, (hall be of the like force and esse.ft as if the fame had been made within the time limited by the said recited adfs, or either of them.

II.  And whereas the inquests of fever al counties and places have emitted to name sufficient persons to aft as commijfioners for the pur-poses.of the said afts, and others named by the inques. have declined listing.therein, whereby the execution of the said afts may be retarded; be it further enacted, That for every division, city, borough, town, or place, for which the inquests aforesaid {hall not have named any persons to aeft therein, or where the persons named or to be named by the said inquests have declined or may decline to a£t therein, or fo many of them have declined or may decline to a<5i, as not to leave two persons at the least to atft for sue.) division, city, borough, town, or place, and where sufficient commissioners (hall not he appointed for every such division, city, borough, town, or place, on or before the expiration of ten • days after the passing of this a6I, it (hall be laws.l for the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, or any three or more of them, from time to time, to appoint a sufficient number of persons, ten days after qualisle. as required by the-said.a£ls, out of the lifts delivered or passing this to be delivered to them from the respective commissioners of land tax a£Hng in the said divisions, cities, boroughs, towns, and places respectively, in pursuance of the said a<51s, fo that for each such division, city, borough, town, or place, there (hall not be acting more than five nor less than two such persons under such nomination of the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, or under any nomination of such inquests as aforesaid; and every such appointment by the said commissioners for the assai.s of taxes,

• or any three or more of them, (hall be as valid and esse.tual, during the period herein-after mentioned, as if the fame had been made by the inquest of the county, riding, or place, under Such appoint- the fajd a£fs : provided always. That every such appointment as 1t^°ca' last aforesaid, (hall be revocable by the inquest of the county, inquest at the riding, or place, assembled at the next and subsequent assize and next assize, session of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery for the on a sufficient county, riding, or place, after any such appointment, or by the nun?.^Td°^ major part of the jurors there assembled, in cafe they (hall judge Ifons being^ the ^ame necestar.; and (hall, at the fame assize or session as nominated, aforesaid, nominate for each such division, city, borough, town, and accepting- or place as aforesaid, sufficient persons, qualisle. as aforesaid, to the office. a(q- as commissioners for the purposes of the said a&s, and who (hall accept the said office for such division, city, borough, town, or place as aforesaid; but in desau.t of such.revocation and nomination, the appointment of the said commissioners for the

Where the

inquest. have not named commis.ion-evs, or where fo many named have declined to a<£t as not to leave two, and where sufficient commissioners shall not be appointed by

adt, the commissioners ot taxes may appoint them out of the lifts from the commissioners of land tax.

assai.s of taxes shall stand good.

III. An

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 42.  223

III. And be it further enacted, That where, in any lift or Where mif-lifts, or entry or entries of names of any commis.ioner or com-^es^ave-^ missioner. for the purposes of the said ad, or for hearing and the names of determining appeals, mistakes have been made in the christian commis.ion-or surnames of such person or persons, it (hall be laws.l for the ers, the com-commis.ioners for the assai.s of taxes, and they are hereby au- [^^s^onc^ thorifed and required, upon a certifie.te, under the hands of any tificate, may two of the persons of the grand inquest by which such commis. rectify them-fioners (hall have been elected, of such mistake, and of the proper name or names of such person or persons, to amend, or cause to be amended, such lift or entry, by inferring, or causing to be inserted, the proper name or names of the person or persons fo elected as aforesaid, in the said lift or entry, and in the order in which such person was intended by the said jurors to be put down to serve therein.

IV.  And be it further enacted. That any appointment of com* Appointment missioner. for any of the purposes of the said ads, by the person.

present.at the meeting summoned by the sheris. of any county, meet^ng

riding, or place, according to the return of jurors delivered by monedbythe

the cleric of assize to the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, (heris. accord-

and by them transmitted to such ftieris., (hall be valid and esse.-

tual, notwithstanding such clerk of assize may have omitted to jurors deliver-

return the names of certain persons who had been summoned to ed by the clerk

serve.upon the grand inquest of such county, riding, or place, of assize to the

within the time limited by the said ads, or either of them, and commissioners i  j  *  *  tor taxes not-

notwithstanding.any error or rnifnomer, or any variane. in such wit hilar ding

return from the original pannel of jurors summoned to serve on the cmission. such inquest; and all persons acting under such appointment, of names m shall be, and are hereby indemnisi.d, from all pains and penal-ties, and from all actions, suits, and informations, for or by *  1

reason.of their acting or having acted as such commissioners, under such appointment.

V.  And be it further enacted, That the powers and directions Direction. contained in the said firs.-recited ad, respecting the delivery of wllic1} ^ere the duplie.tes of assessments by the commercial commissioners to fp^al^g t'he the receivers general, and the returns by the receivers general to delivery of the commercial commissioners, of the desau.ters on each instal. duplie.tes of ment of the rates and duties by the said ad imposed, and which asse.lments by were repealed by the said last.recited ad, shall be revived as to ail ^al comm*^ assessments made upon any person or persons who shall not have fioners to the given notice to such commercial commissioners of their intention receivers ge-to pay the sums assessed on them at the bank of England, and shall neral» and the be in force and duly carried into execution with respect to such

persons, and all other persons who (hall have given such notice, former of and shall have made desau.t in payment at the said bank of desau.ters on England; any thing in the said last recited ad to the contrary instalments, notwithstanding.

have not given notice of intention to pay assessments at the bank, or who lhall make desau.t in payment.

VI.  And be it further enacted. That if any comtruss.oner for A commis.she.purposes of the said ads, for any county, riding, (hire, stew. fioner£°r ^

the fa id ads in trade or manus.cture maybe a lie fled before the commercial comitiisho.-eis; butwhere nqne shall be appointed, he may be a fit fled by the com* mifi'ioners of appeal in the fame manner as by commercial commis.ioners. Vacane.es in commercial commil'iioners to be filied.up as original appointments.

Commercial com mi ihoti.rs, &c. to take an additional oath.

Anno fegni tricesimo riono Georgii III. c. 42. [1798*

artry, or place where commercial commissioners are appointed, (hall be engaged in trade or manus.cture, then such commissioner for the purposes of the said a61, may be afTefled before such commercial commissioners, and not by the commissioners of appeals ; but if in such county, riding, (hire, flewartry, or place, commercial commissioners shall not have been appointed, then the commissioners of appeal, before whom such commissioner for the purposes of the laid ads shall be afTefled, shall, at his request, in proceeding upon the statement to be delivered to them, and in aseer.aining the charge to be made upon such person, and in levying and collecting the fame, pursue all such rules, directions, and regulations, and shall have such powers as are in the said ads prese.ibed and given, for the conduct of commercial commissioners specially appointed under the said ads.

VII.  And be it further enabled. That whenever any vacane. shall arise in the commercial commissioners appointed under the said ads, such vacane. (hall be (Applied in like manner as is directed for the appointment of the person who occasioned such vacane..

VIII.  And zvhereas doubts have arifin whether the oath of seer.e. imposed upon the commercial commissioners, their a ftjl ants and clerks, by the saie..adf^ are Jufscient.for the purposes intended thereby, be it theres.re enacted. That every commercial commissioner as afore-said,and every commissioner for the purposes of the said ads, who shall be required to ad as a commercial commissioner in the execution of the said ads, and every ash.lant and clerk to such respective commissioners, or any of them, and every insped.f and surveyor empowered to ad in the execution of the said ads, shall, in addition to the oath required to be taken by the said ad, take the following oath ; that is to fay,

Oath.

Two commissioners of appeals may ad, but if they do not agree, an adjournment to take place until a third lhall ad.

‘ T A* B. do swear. That I will not disclose any statement of X income, or the amount of any sum to be paid by any individual, as his or her contribution or payment under the said ad, which has been or shall be shewn to me in the execution of the said ad, except in such cases.and to such persons only where it shall be necessary to disclose the fame for the purposes of the said ad, or in order to, or in the course of, a prosecution for perjury, committed in such examination or affidavit.

So help me GOD\

IX.  And be it further enacted, That any two commissioners appointed to hear and determine appeals under the said ad for any county, riding, shire, flewartry, diviflon, or place, are hereby declared competent to hear and determine appeals, and to do all other ads which commissioners of appeals are required or au-thorifed to do under the said recited ads, or either of them: provided always. That where two commissioners of appeal only shall attend, and shall not agree in the judgement or determination to be given in any cause or matter before them, such cause ©r matter wherein they shall not fo agree shall be adjourned for

any

179^.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 42.  225

any space of time not exceeding fourteen days, to give opportunity tor the attendane. of the third commissioner of appeals, if a third (hall have been appointed for the fame county, riding,

(hire, flewartry, division, or place ; and if no such third com-missioner.(hall have been appointed, or shall not attend at the adjourned meeting, then a like adjournment (hall take place from time to time until a third commissioner (hall be appointed, and shall acl as aforesaid.

X.  And be it further enacted and declared, That the power The appoint-of appointing commissioners for the purposes of the said a£ts, and ^iffionerTfri" also commissioners for hearing and determining appeals in Scot- Scotland to be land, is and shall be veiled wholly in the barons of the exche- wholly in the quer in Scotland, for the time being; and all a£ls and deeds, barons of the meetings, assessments, matters, and things, done by or with any there^arfdads other persons assuming to be commissioners as aforesaid, but not done by other appointed to be such commissioners by the said barons, (hall be persons void, null and void, to all intents and purposes ; and the persons appointed, or to be appointed, such commissioners by the said.

barons, (hall have full power of carrying the said a<5ls into execution, in all matters and things relating thereto in their respec.tive (hires, (lewartries, and juris.idiions, in and to which they (hall be fo respectively appointed, as if no other persons had afTumed the office of commissioners therein.

XI.  And be it further enacted, That the respective collectors Collectors of of the several rates and duties under the management of the com- Scotl^nc?3 un mishone.s for the assai.s of taxes, appointed or to be appointed der the main the several (hires, (lewartries, cities, burghs, and places, in nagement of Scotland, (hall, within thirty days after the palling of this act, Jhe commis.

and before they act in execution of their duty as such colle<tors, lic*ners.

J  , r - j r 1 J  .  taxes, in a

or receive any money on the laid leveral rates and duties, or any limiter! time

of them, enter into bonds to the respective commissioners ap- to enter into

pointed or to be appointed for putting in execution the several ^uch bonds as

acts relating to the said rates and duties, under the management exch^uer

of the commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, or any three or f]ian require,

more of them, in such (hires, (lewartries, cities, burghs, and for p iying the

places, with (uch good and sufficient caution as the barons of monies they

the exchequer in Scotland (hall require, binding him or them, [hgreceWer t0

and his or their sureties, conjundlly and severally for his and general for

their duly paying to the receiver general for Scotland, at Edin~ Scotland, &c.

burgh., at (uch times after the receipt thereof, as the said barons

fhaJl direct to be inserted in such bonds, all such sum and sums.

of money as shall, from time to time, be oolied.ed by, or be

paid to them, for or on account of any of the said rates or

duties, under a penalty of two hundred pounds sterling over and

above performane.; and which bonds the said commissioners, or

any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required

to take; and the said respective commissioners (hall forthwith

cause.the said bonds to be delivered to the receiver general at

Edinburgh, or, not being delivered to such receiver general, shall.

caule the fame to be registered in the books of couneil.and session,

vol. xlii.  a

226

Anno regni trfcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 42. [1^798.

and extract.s thereof to be delivered to the said receiver general at Edinburgh.

And be further enacted, That in every cafe where any duiy pay over such collector or collectors shall fail or negleet.to pay over to the the money said receiver general at Edinburgh, or his deputy or deputies, received 10 the any such sum or sums of money, within such number of days ra^h^nfr^* a^er t^e ^ame shall be received by him or them as aforesaid, as preVentThJ  (Viall be specified in the bond entered into by such collector or

bond to the  collectors as aforesaid, the said receiver general, or his deputy or

barons of the deputies, may present the said bond, or an extract thereof, to anv €ra^fn UfoVa one or more -°f the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland\ Te^a/pfoce^ Wlth a petition, dating the sum due and not accounted for by upon the such collector or collectors, and praying for a horning or other bond, or may competent and legal process of court upon such bond or extract, recover there ma^'ng oath that the fhm hate(f m the petition is due and not on accordinp accounted for^ and the baron or barons to whom such petition to the course (hall be presented, may thereupon order a horning or other com-of the court petent and legal process of court to issue; and which process of ol exchequer. court may be proceeded in by arrest.ent, poinding, denunciation, caption, imprisonment, and otherwise, for recovering from such collect.or or collectors, and his, her, or their surety or sureties, the sums due from such collector or collectors, and for the penalty of two hundred pounds in such bond, over and above the sums fo due as aforesaid ; or the receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, upon making oath to the sums due and unaccounted for, (hall be at liberty to proceed to the recovering the payment thereof, and of the penalty in the bond, by any process for recovering payment of debts due to his Majesty, according to the course of the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XIII. And whereas by an aft, puffed In the present fejfton of parhame.t, for granting certain duties upon incovne, and other purposes, it was directed, that all the monies arising from the additional rates and ajfejfments, or from payments at the bank, by an aft of the lajl session of parhame.t for granting an aid and contribution for the pro-Jecution of the war, together with the duties granted by an aft of the fame fejfton for granting 7iew and additional duties on goods imported and exported, and for other purposes, not exceeding in the vjhole the Jum of seven miilion., which Jhould be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, Jhould be applied either to the services voted in the lajl session 7,000,000!.  of parhame.t, for the Jervice of the year one thousand seven hundred

nJieVtothe an^ n‘ineiy^e^U or to payment and dfcharge of all annuities% ft r vices of  inter eft, and dividends, payable in consequene. of the loan of eight

1798, overall miilion., part of a loan of seventeen miilion. raised by virtue of an sums applied aft of the lajl fejfton of parhame.t; be it enacfled, That any sum char^^of" not exceeding seven miilion. shall be applie.ble and may be annuities, &c. applied to the services of the year one thousand seven, hundred payable in and ninety-eight, over and above all sums which have been that year in applied to the payment and discharge of all annuities, interects, ofUie^loa^of ar)^ dividends, which have become payable in that year in

coo,cool,  con-

1798O Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 43.  227

consequene..of the said loan of the said sum of eight miilion.; any thing in the said first recited adt of the presect.fefTi of parhame.t to the contrary notwithstanding.

C A P. XLIIf.

An a51 for enlarging the time limited by certain afls passed for the redemption of the land tax, for receiving contrasts and making transfers of feck thereon, and for explaining and amending the said aS?s.—[May 10, 1799.]

\~Kf HEREAS it is expect.ent to extend the time for transferring Preamble,

V V in certain cases.the consideration for the redemption of land tax contrastedfor under and by virtue of an aft, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and pure.ase in the c* °' manner therein dated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and of two other afls, passed in the present fess.on of parhame.t, for 39 Geo, 3.

^ explaining and amending, and rendering more esse flual the fame, or ofc'  aI»

either of them: be it theres.re enacted by the King’s mod ex- i£v-1 e ’ cel lent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That where any Where the contract for the redemption of any land tax shall have been  ^

entered into before the fir ft day of May one thousand seven tra^^^hall..be hundred and ninety-nine, wherein the consideration shall be Itockto be in stock, to be transferred in the whole, or in the proportion transferred by allowed for one instalment, on or before the said first day of May, ^Ywhidi^ and the consideration, or the proportion, to be transferred as shall not have ' the first instalment thereof, shall not have been transferred on or been fotrans.before the said first day of May, it shall be laws.l for the ferred, the governor and company of the bank of England, and they are ^ermi^such.hereby authorised and required at anytime before or on the transfers in twenty-eighth day of May one thousand seven hundred and the’3 pereen., ninety-nine, in respect. of the consolidated three pounds per centum consol., till annuities, and on or before the twenty-fist. day of June one j^the^-er thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in respect. of the three centeretsi.ced pounds per centum reduced annuities, to permit and fufFer the till June 25, necessary transfers upon such contracts to be made, and all such indus.ve; other acts, matters, or things, relating thereto, or to the redemption of such land tax, to be done, as by the said recited acts, or any or either of them, are authorised and required to be done in cases.' of transfers, on or before the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon such contrails ; and every such transfer of stock made upon any such contracts as aforesaid before the twenty-eighth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fist. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine respectively as aforesaid, (hall be as good, valid, and esse.tual, for all purposes, and the respective persons, bodies, corporations, or companies,

2  trans.

2,8  Annoregni  tricesimo  nono Georgii 111. c. 43. [1798.

transferring such (lock, or causing the fame to be transferred, shall have and be entitled to the fame benefits and advantages as to the period of exonerating their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, from the land tax charged thereon, as if the consideration specified in such contract, or the first instalment thereof, had been transferred before the said first day of May, according to the terms and conditions of such contract ; and all such persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, shall be, and they are hereby indemnisi.d and saved harmless from all penalties, fors.itures, and payments whatsoever, which shall have been incurred under and by virtue of the said recited ads, or any or either of them, by reason of not transferring such (lock on or before the said first day of May ; any thing in the said ads, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwith-standing.

and where II. And be it further enacted, That where any contract for such confide- the redemption or any land tax shall have been, or (hall be ration is to entered into before said the first day of May one thousand seven ostands.hundred an^ ninety-nine, wherein the consideration shall be in 8cc. the bank, stock to be transferred in the whole or in the proportion allowed upon certifi- for one instalment, on or before the said first day of May, if in cate of the such cafe the consideration to be paid upon such contract is to authoriT-dTo8 *)e ra^ec* by the sale, mortgage, or grant of any manors, mef-consent.to fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under and by virtue such sale, may of the said ads, or any or either of them, then and in every receive the such cafe it shall be laws.l for the governor and company of before Au^uft  °f England upon certifie.te under the hands of the

j 17Q0  *  commis.ioners,  having  authority under the said ads, or any or

either of them, 'to consent and approve of such sale, or any two or more of them, that such sale, mortgage, or grant, was not or could not be completed before the said first day of May: and and the said governor and company are hereby authorised and required to receive the money arising by such sale, mortgage, or grant, and place the fame to the like account, and to permit and suffer the necefisar. transfers upon such contract to be made, and all such other ads* matters, or things relating thereto, or to the redemption of such land tax, to be done at any time before the first day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in like manner in every respect as by the said ads, or any or either of them, are authorised and required to be done in Cases.of payments on transfers made on or before the first day 'of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon such contracts; and every such payment and receipt of such pure.ase money made in pursuance of such sale, mortgage, or grant, and ' contract, for the redemption of such land tax, and of the certifie.te under the hands of such commis.ioners as aforesaid; and every such transfer of (lock made in pursuance thereof shall be as good, valid, and esse.tual, for all purposes, and the respective perlons, bodies, corporations, or companies, redeeming such land tax, (hall have and be entitled to the fame benefits and advantages as to the period of exonerating their manors, mef-

fuages,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 43.  229

fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, from the land tax charged thereon, as if the consideration specified in such contrail, or the first instalment thereof, had been paid, or the dock to be pure.ased therewith had been transferred, before the said first day of May, according to the tenor of such contract; and all persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, redeeming such land tax, and all pure.asers, mortgagees, and grantees of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall be, and they are hereby respect.ively indemnisi.d and saved harmless from all penalties, fors.itures, and payments whatsoever, which shall have been incurred under and by virtue of the said recited iacts, or any or either of them, by reason of not paying such money, or such stock being transferred, on or before the said first: day of May\ any thing in the said a£fs, or any or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.  Provided always. That the second and every subsequent Second and

instal.ent to be transferred on any such contract, (hall be made  to

good on or before the respective times in the said recited a£ts he made by mentionened, in the fame manner as if this a<ft had not been passed, the times

or the first instalment had been transferred on or before the said mentioned in first: day of May: provided also. That nothing herein contained and^contract. (hall extend to the altering the time for the registry of any such to be registe.-contra£t; but that every such contract (hall be registered in such ed as thereby and the like manner, and at such time as by the said a£t is required, required, as if the transfer of (lock made thereon had been made on or before the said first day of May, in the said a£fs mentioned.  ^  ^  Laft recited

IV.  And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the act not to

said.last recited atft of the present.ession.of parhame.t (hall extend restrain the

to restrain the court of chaneery.in England, or the court 0^Chant0^in

session.in Scotland, to make such order resp.£ting the applie.tion England,or

of the income to be derived from the redemption of any land tax the court of

which shall be redeemed by or out of the monies to be produced session in

by the sale of any timber which (hall be cut down by order of the Sc°stan.b to r-j  j  •  r  1  •  1  j  make order

laid courts, during lo Jong time as the manors, lands, tene- respecting.

ments, or hereditaments, on which such timber shall be growing, the applie.-

(hall be in pofiefiion of any person or persons having a limited tion of income

interect.or limited interests therein, having regard to the state ^jjV^xfrom

and condition of such timber, and to the rights of all persons redeemed

intereste. therein.  from sales of

timber cut down by order of those courts.

V.  And be it further enaeste., That where any lessee of any where lessees manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, demised linder bishops, by any bishop or other ecclesiastical corporation, and charged &c. shall be with land tax shall be liable by virtue of the said last: recited acct, liable to pay on occalion of the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, to ^ndHie^linds paythe amount of such land tax to such bishop or other eccles.asti. f^all have

cal corporation, and such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or.been demised hereditaments, (hall be demised to any under lessee, who (hall be to under bound by covenant or agreement to pay such land tax, then and J^^ax^shall.in such cafe the amount of the land tax charged on such manors, COnfidered

messuages, as rent reserv.

230  Anno  regni  tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 43. [1798.

ed on such last messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and fo redeemed demise.  as aforesaid. ("hall be considered as rent reserved or made^payable

on such lall mentioned demise, and the fame powers shal. be had, used, or enjoyed, for the recovery thereof, as for the recovery of such rent when in arrear.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That it shal. be laws.l for the

nois of Queen governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, in the said first recited Anne s bounty &  .  7  1  - . , . f

mav execute mentioned, to execute the powers contained therein tor the

redemption of any land tax which shal. have been or shal. be

contracted for by the incumbent or incumbents of livings at any

time previous to the sale of such land tax under the said act, in

like manner as they might have done within the period limited

by the said act; and all acts and deeds of such governors, and also.

all contracts made before the palling of this ad, shal. be valid and

esse.tual for the purposes in the said ad mentioned, notwithstand.

ing any limitation of time therein contained.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That it shal. be laws.l for the trustees for the time being of any trust property heretofore given by any will for the purpose of being laid out in the pur-chale of lands or impropriate tythes, for the benefit of the poor clergy of England, and who were empowered by the said secondly.

The gover-

the powers contained in the first recited act for redemption of land tax con-tracted.for by incum-bentsprevious to the fide thereof under the said ad.

Trust.es for the poor clergy under

execute the powers given by the secondly recited ad for the redemption of land tax con-tracted.for by incumbents before March 25,1800.

execute the^ rec‘tec^ t0 aPPty t^ie*ir funds therein mentioned for the redemption or pure.ase of land tax charged upon the lands, tythes, or other prosi.s arising from any living or livings belonging to the chure. of England, which should have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fist. day o {March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to carry into execution all and every the said powers for the redemption or pure.ase of such land tax which shal. have been or (hall be contracted for by the incumbent or incumbents of any living or livings in the manner directed by the said act:, at any time before the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred, and the transfers of flock to be made for such redemption shal. have esse.t from the quarter day preceding the making thereof, and all other acts, matters, and things, which the said trustees might laws.lly have done under and by virtue ,of the said secondly recited act, (hall be as valid and esse.tual to exonerate and discharge the lands, tythes, and other prosi.s of luch living or livings from the payment of the land tax redeemed, as if such land tax had been contracted for on or before the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

VIII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in the said last recited at of the present session of parhame.t contained shal. beccnftrued to extend to any appeal again!! any land tax or any assessment of land tax contracted for, or to any contract for the redemption of such land tax which shal. have been reduced in its amount within three years preceding the time of completing such contract, unless such appeal (h&ll be made against.he party who shal. have entered into such contract, his or her heirs or assigns, and unless it (ball be proved to the satisfaction of the commis.iGners before whomsuch.appeal (hall

be

Laft recited aeft not to extend to appeals again ft any land tax, or assessment contracted for, or to any contract for redemption of such land tax which (hall

179S.] Anno regni tricesimo nOrto Georg 11 ULc. 44.  231

be heard, and shall be adjudged by them, that the redu<5lion.in have been ^ the amount of the assessment of land tax fo redeemed was j^three ^ears fraudulenti. made, or was obtained by some undue practice or preceding, false representation of the value of the estate of such party, in the unless made parish or place where such afTeftment was made, or of the pro-  the

portion of value which his or her eft ate bore to other estates or income liable to be afTefled in the fame parish or place, fo as 1 0> to prove to the satis.adhon of such commis.ioners, that such redutftion was wrongs.lly made; any thing in the said a<5l contained to, the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be laws.l for all ^Url^ans, guardians, tutors, and curators of infants, and for all trustees for ^nsteTstock: married women, who have contracted, or who shall contract for landing in the redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, meflu- the names of ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, wherein such infants or infants, &c. married women shall be imerected, to transfer to the com- ^^them-misti.ners for the reduction of the national debt fo much of selyes, for three pounds per centum consolidated or three pounds per centum redemption of reduced annuities which shall be handing in the name or names tAX*

of such infants or married women, either solely, or jointly with such guardians, tutors, curators, or trustees, or any of them, as shall be fustic.ent for the redemption of the land tax contracted for, and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit and suffer such transfers to be made; and the cashier or cash.ers of the bank of England shall give a certifie.te or receipt for the flock to be fo transferred, which shall be an aequi.tance and discharge to such guardians, tutors, curators, or trustees, transferring such flock as aforesaid ; and the said governor and company, and their respective officers, are hereby indemnisi.d against all persons whatever for any transfer made in pursuance of this a£l.

X.  And be it further enabled, That any letter, or power of P°wers for

attorney, authorising any person or persons to accept any stock  for

in the three pounds per centum bank annuities, and also to trans. transferring fer the fame to the commis.ioners for the reduction of the it for redeem-fiatien.l debt on account of or for the purpose of redeeming

any land tax, (hall be exempted from (lamp duty, and shall be stamp duty? valid and esse.tual in the law for the purpose of such acceptances 1 and transfers.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for further continuing, until the fir ft day of March one thous.tid eight hundred, an aft, made in the lajl fiefs.on of parhame.t, intituled,

An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majessy.shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.—[May 20, 1799*]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfcd in the la ft fess.on ospar.iament, Preamble.

intituled, An acl to empower his Majesty to secure and 38 Geo. 3* detain such persons as his Majesty (hall suspect are conspiring Ct  recited.

0^4  again  ft

232  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii til. c. 44. [1798.

against.his person and government, which aft was to continue in force until the fir ft day p/~ February one thousand seven hundred and ninety •nine, and no longer ; but the fame, by an aft passed in thepresent.fess.on of parhame.t, that is to fay, On the. ninth day ^/January one thousandseven.hundred and ninety-nine, wflr continued until the twenty-firs. day of May  thoujand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

#>7^ longer : and whereas it is neccjfary for the publick safety that the provisions of the [aid aft passed in the last fess.on of parhame.t Jhould be further continued; be it theres.re enabled by the King’s moil excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Perfons parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That impriToned for every person who shall be in prison within the kingdom oi Great high treason, Britain at or upon the day on which this abt shall receive his Ma-jest.’s royal alient, or at any time after that day, by warrant of his said Majesty’s most honourable privy couneil, signed by fix of the said privy couneil, or by warrant signed by any of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries of state, for high treason, luspic.on of treason, or treasonable prablices, may be detained in safe custody, without bail or main prize, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred; and that on judge or justice of the peace shall bail or try any such person fo committed, without order from his said Majesty’s privy couneil, signed by fix of the said privy couneil, until the laid first day of March one thousand eight hundred ; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding. land*of^C°oAnd ]t further enabled, That the abt made in Scotland in for preventing the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, inti-wrongous tu\ed,An act for preventing wrongous imprisonment, and againjl undue imprisonment, delays in trials, in fo far as the fame may be construed to relate relate ^c>may t0 ca^es treaf°n an<^ suspicion of treason, be suspended until the treason, See. fa^ first of March one thousand eight hundred; and that suspended till until the said day no judge, justice of the peace, or other officer

See. may be detained till March i, j8oo> Scc.

March i, 1800, See.

of the law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to bail, any person or persons that is, are, or (hall be, in prison within Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid, without order from his said Majesty’s privy couneil, signed by fix of the said privy couneil.

From March  HI. Provided always, That, from and after the said first da v

fons^mnmit"  March one thousand eight hundred, the said person fo coun-

ted to have mitted shall have the benefit and advantage ot all laws and the benefit of statutes any way relating to or providing for the liberty of the all laws pro- subj.efs of this realm, viding for the liberty of the subject, See.

^arhame.tnot  Prov^efi always, and be it enabled, That nothing in

invalidated ibis  shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient

by this abt. rights and privileges in parhame.t, or to the imprisonment or detaining any member of either house of parhame.t, during the fitting of such parhame.t, until the matter of which he stands fufpees.d be first communie.ted to the house of which he is h member, and the consent of the said house obtained for his com-mitment or detainer.

V, Pro*

 Dogle

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 44.  (  233

V.  Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons in Perfonsagainst.prison at the time of passing this act, against whom any bill or whomuidist.bills of indictment for high treason have been already found, ™eafon°are^ shall and may be tried on such indictment, as if this act had alreadyfound, never passe..  to be tried

V I. And whereas divers persons are now in cufiody on charges thereon. of high treason,fuspic.on of high treason, and treason able practices, under warrants from one of his Majesty s principal seer.taries of fate, and who have been secured and detained in cufiody under the authority of the said recited aids; and it may be highly important that such persons as have been or shall be secured and detained on such charges under the authority of the said recited afls, or of this adiy Jhould be kept wholly separate and apart from each other, fo as to prevent all communie.tion between them and with other persons, exce-pt such communie.tion as his Majefy may think fit to permit, and under such ref visions as may be advijeable \ and it has been found by experience to be very difficult to keep such persons separate as afore-fdid\ and to preveiit such communie.tion as aforesaid, without fending such persons to different places of confinement; and doubts may arise how far the powers of his Majesty s principal seer.taries offate, to change the places of confinement of persons fo committed extends; and it is expect.ent to pro vide that the fame shall not be fo exereis.d as to deprive the persons fo committed of any right to be tried or discharged,, which they might respectively have had, if their resp.flive places of confinement had not been changed: now, to obviate all doubts and difficulty in resp.Sl thereof be it further enacted and declared, That Any of his it (hall be laws.l for one of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries Majesty’s of (late, as he shall fee occasion, to order any person committed seer.taries of to any gaol or other prison on any charge of high treason, o^rany suspicion of high treason, or treasonable practices, either before person com-or after indictment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any mitted on any other goal or other prison, until discharged by due course of charge of law, and to ifTue all warrants necessary for such purposes: ^ to be con provided always nevertheless, That no person who shall be Veyed.from removed by any such warrant as aforesaid, (hall be by means of one prison to such removal deprived of such right to be tried or discharged, as another, such person would by law have been entitled to if not fo removed; Slich.removal and in every cafe in which any such person would have been enti- any^edb^of^ tied to have been tried or discharged, if such person had continued any rightto in the gaol or prison to which such person was before committed, be tried or it shall be laws.l for such person to apply to be bailed or dif- discharged, charged in the fame manner as such person might have done if such person had remained in the gaol or prison to which such person was before committed as aforesaid.  Perfonscharg-

VII.  And whereas in the present difurbeds.te of the kingdom of ed-with high Ireland, it has been found necessary to fend divers persons wfyo had treason, &c. been committed to prison in Ireland on charges of high treason, suspicion ^7 warrant of high treason, or treasonable practices, to Great Britain, for safe fcc^tary cufiody,and for the pur pdfe of preventing improper inter course between state, and such persons and other persons engaged or fApeste. of being engaged in sent from '  the  Ireland to,

234 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 44. [1798.

Great Britain, the like treasons or treasonable practices ; and it may he found expect.ent to fend other persons to Great Britain under like circumjlances ; be it ena£led,That every person who hath been sent to Great Britain as aforesaid, before the pash.g of this adf, and every person who, after the pash.g of this ad, shall be lent to Great Britain for safe custody, by order of the lord lieutenant, or governor general, or other chies.governor or chies.governors of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majesty’s privy couneil.of the said kingdom, shall and may be detained in custody in this kingdom, in such place of fafc custody as to his Majesty final 1 seem fit, iititledb1 the Prov^e^ f*uch person shall be charged with high treason, fufpi-aw of Ireland c,on °f high treason, or treasonable practices, by warrant under the hand and sea. of one of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries of state : provided always nevertheless. That no person (hall be detained as aforesaid, fo as to prevent the trial or discharge of such person in due course of law, whenever such person shall King's bene. by the law of Ireland be entitled to such trial or discharge ; but in England, in all cases.in which any person fo detained would by the law of Ireland, if in custody in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried or discharged, it (hall be laws.l for such person to apply to the court of king’s bene. in England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of judiciary in Scotland, or to any judge of t hat court, to be discharged ; and if it shall appear to such court or to such judge that such person, if in custody in Ireland, would tobedisc.arg- be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be laws.l for such ed, or lent to court or such judge to order such person to be discharged, or to be sent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to law.

VIII.  And whereas many persons engaged in the late rebeilion.in Ireland, and in other treasonable pro Alices there, have fled from Ireland, and are now in Great Britain ; and other persons may come from Ireland to Great Britain under the like cir cum fiances \ and it may be it expect.ent, not only to arrest such persons, for the purpose of fending them to Ireland to be tried for such offences, but aljo to secure and detain such persons in Great Britain, until they can be properly See. commit- sent to Ireland to be tried or discharged in due course of law\ be it t^b^d Tabled ^urt^er ena(sted, That it shall be laws.l for one of his Majesty’s in GreatalnC Principal seer.taries of state, by warrant under his hand ahd leal, Britain until to order any person who shall be in custody upon any charge of he can be high treason, suspicion of high treason, or treasonable practices,

toTrehndCto d°nC

or committed in Ireland, to be secured and detained in be tried or  Great Britain, until such  person can be properly sent to Ireland,

discharged:  to be tried or discharged  in due course of law: provided always

and when nevertheless, That no person (hall be detained as aforesaid, fo as t^efor t0 Preven* tle tr,a^ or discharge of such person in due course of charged such ^aw’ whenever such person shall by the law of Ireland be person may entitled to such trial, or discharged; but in all cases.in which apply to the any person fo detained would by the law of Ireland, if in custody court of king’s  jn that kingdom, be entitled to be tried or discharged, it (hall be

tn< Mn  laws.l for such person to  apply to the court of king’s bene. in

England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of judiciary

in

by order of the lord lieutenant and of fix privy couneil.ors, to be detained in custody in such place as his Majesty shall think fit But when e

law to be tried or discharged, such persons may apply to the court of

or court of justiciary in Scotland, or one of the judges of thele courts, who shall order them

Ireland.

One of his Maiefty's seer.taries of state may Qrder any person in custody on a charge of 1 high treason,

England, or court of judiciary in

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IIL c< 45,46-  235

in Scotland, or to any judge of that court, to be disc.ar.ed ; and if Scotland, or it (hall appear to such court or to such judge that such person, if in custody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or discharged, shall order it thall be laws.l for such court or such judge to order such him to be person to be disc.arged. or to be sent to Ireland, to be dealt with discharged, according to law.  £££*

IX.  And be it further enacted, That this ad (hall continue in Continuance force until the laid first day of March one thousand eight hundred, of this ad. and no longer.

X.  And be it further enacted, That this ad may be altered,

varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this present repealed this self.on of parhame.t.  '  fesilo..

CAP. XLV.

An act for making perpetual fo much of an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majefy, chapter seven.y-four, videlicet,0^ the twenty-fxth clay ^November one thousand seven hundred and seven.y-eight, intituled, An ad to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punislimen. of certain offenders, as relates to the • punislimen. of burning in the hand of certain persons convicted of felony within the benefit of clergy.—[May 20, 1799.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the nineteenth year of the reign Preamble.

of his present Majefy, intituled, An ad to explain and amend 19 Geo. 3. the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other c* 74> recited, punislimen. of certain offenders : and whereas fo much of the said aft as relates to the p uni some.t of burning in the hand when any person is convicted for felony within the benefit of clergy, which ivas to continue in force until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t; and ivhich was, by three afts made in the -twenty fourth, twenty-eighth, and thirty fourth years of the reign of his present Majefy ,further continued until the firs. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, has been found uses.l and.beneficial, and it is expect.ent that the fame should be made perpetual; be it theres.re enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirit.a) and temporal, muc^ Qf and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the recited adt as authority of the fame. That fo much of the said ad as relates to relates to the the punillimen. of burning in the hand, when any person is con- punislimen. of vided of felony within the benefit of clergy, shall be, and the tile hand fame is hereby made perpetual.  be perpetual.

CAP. XL VI.

An act for making perpetual fo much of an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majefy, chapter seven.y-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth.day 0/November one thousand seven.

hundred

2^6 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 47—49. [1793*

hundred and seven.y-eighty intituled, An a£t to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punislimen. of certain offenders, as relates to the lodgings of judges at county ajsize..—[May 20, 1799.]

Preamble  TT/HERE AS an att was made in the nineteenth year  of the reign

1 Geo I VV ofhispresent.Majesty. intituled^ An adt to explain and amend c?74Vrecited, the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punislimen. of certain offenders: and whereasfo much of thesaid.aft as relates to -the lodgings of judges at county afiizesy which was to continue in force until the firjl day of J une one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parhame.t \ and which was, by three aSts, made in the twenty-four thy twenty-eighth, and thirty fourth years of the reign of his present Majefiy, further continued until the firjl day of June one thousand seven hundred and mnety-niney and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parhame.t, has been found uses.l and beneficial, and it is expect.ent that the fame Jhould be made perpetual: be it theres.re enacted by the King’s mod excelien. majefiy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the said adt, as relates to the lodgings of judges at county afiizes, shall be, and the fame county assizes, is hereby made perpetual, to be perpe-

So much of recited adt as relates to the lodgings of

judges at

tual.

CAP. XLVII.

An adt to continue, until the fist. day of July next, an adt, made in the present fefiion of parhame.t, chapter twenty-four, videlicet, On the twenty-firs. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth, and thirty-seventh, and in the thirty-eighth, years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain acts, made in the fist.enth, and seventeenth, years of the reign of his present Majelty, for retraining the negociation of promissory notes, and bills of exchange, under a limited Aim, within that part of Great Britain, calied.calied.England.—[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An adt to continue, until the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, an adt, palied.in the present fefiion of parhame.t, for continuing several acts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, to iflsue.note^ for sums under a certain amount—[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. XL1X.

fin aft to extend the bail to be given in cases.of criminal informationy inthat part of Great Britain calied.Scptland.—[June 13, 1799.]

Preamble,

Adt of the parhame.t of Scotland 1701.

WHEREAS by an aft of the parhame.t of Scotland, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and onSy intituledy An adt for preventing wrongous imprisonment, and against undue delays in trials, the sums for which bail was ordered to be taken in

criminal

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IJ1. C.49.  237

criminal informations were not to exceed fix thousand merks for a noble-man, three thousand merks for a landed gentleman^ one thousand merksfor any other gentleman, and burgess, and three hundred merks for any other inferior person. all money 0/Scotland: and whereas by an aCfy made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Firjl,  ^e°e*cjTt^j

intituled, An adt for more-’esse.t.ual disarming the highlands in that c*1 *rea part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, and for the better securing the peace and quiet of that part of the kingdom ; reciting, That it was found, by experience, that the sums for which bail is to be taken on any criminal information, in pursuance of the said aft of the parhame.t ofScotland, were too ftnall and disproportioned to the danger of the criminals escaping.rom the punislimen. appointed bylaw, it was enacted.Thats.o?n and after thefirjl day of] une one thousandseven.hundred and twenty-fivey it might and Jhould be laws.l to and for all and every fnagijirate.judgey and court of judicature within Scotland, who by the said aft above recited were, in cafe of criminal informations and accusa.ionSy directed to limit the bail by them to be taken to the several and respective sums above^ mentioned^ to extend the bail to be given in the said several and rejpec-tive cases.to double the sums provided by the aforesaid afty if he or they^ upon the circumjlances of the cafe, Jhould think fit: and whereas it is again found by experience, that the sums to zvhich bail was extended by the said last recited aft in criminal informations and accusa.ionSy however adequate they may have been at this lajl period to the genei'al fate of the country, and to the circumjlances of individuals, do no longer bear any suitable relation theretOy and have become insufficient for com-felling persons accused of crimes to ft and their trials, and tend to render inesse.tual and nugatory the mofl salutary laws, to bri?ig into contempt the authority of the raagijirate. and to afford a temptation and facility to the commtffion of crimes: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Magjftrato spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t Scotland may assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after extend the the palling of this ad!, it shall and may be laws.l to and for all and bail to be every magistrate, judge, and court of judicature, within that part gj.veI?in ca%s of Great Britain calied.Scotlandy who by the said last recited adl  to~

were, in cases.of criminal informations and accusations, directed I?aool. fora to limit the bail by them to be taken to double the sums pro- nobleman, vided by the aforesaid adl of the parhame.t of Scotland> to ex-  a

tend the bail to be given in the said several and respective cases. man odfS if he or they upon the circumstane.s of the cafe (hall think fit, any other* to the several and respec.ive sums following; videlicet, To one gentleman, thousand two hundred pounds sterling for a nobleman, fix burgess, or hundred pounds sterling for a landed gentleman, three hundred and^ol°for^s pounds sterling for any other gentleman, burgess, or householder, inferior per-and to sixty pounds sterling for any inferior person.  fon.

II.  And whereas several infiances have lately occurred of disasse.ted In cases.where persons coneer.ed in societies of a criminal nature, when any of their persons,are associates have been committed to prisony.ubscribing.the sums necessary for bailing such person.y in order that, by fors.iture of the bail bonds, fe(^ti0n, any they may evade a trial and escape.roin justice; fye it theres.re enact.- judge of the 4  *  ed,  court of juffiU

238 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 50*51. [1798.

chry, on ap- ed, That in all cases.where any person shall in future be im-the name^of Pri^onec^ °n a charge of being guilty of the crime of sedition, it. his Majesty’s Qiall and naay laws.l for the judges of the court of justiciary, advocate, may or any one of them, on an applie.tion for that purpose in the extend the name of his Majesty’s advocate, to extend the bail respectively the^uTs0^ herein directed to be taken, beyond the sums above specified, to above spec.* fucn amount as, under all the circumfhnces of the cafe, the fied.  court, or any judge thereof, shall confider sufficient for ensuring.

the attendane. or the appearance of the person accused on the We °YY>ns”  tna^: Provlcled always, That nothing herein contained,

o^the^enefits  extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive such person.

of the recited of the other benefits of the afts above-mentioned, and particu-afts.  lari. of his forein. on the day of trial, as specially directed by the

act of the parhame.t of Scotland fir ft above recited.

CAP. L.

An act for making perpetual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit. [June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LI.

An a5l for continuing, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thou-find eight hundred and two, J'everal laws relating to the transportation cf felons and other offenders, and to the authorising the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland resp.st.vely.—[June 13, 1799.J

WHEREAS the several laws here.n-after mentioned have been found uses.l and hens.cial, and it is expect.ent that the fame Jhould be further continued; be it theres.re enabled by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-sent.parhame.t afi'embled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of ^ortation be-~ Pre^ent Majesty, intituled. An aft to explain and amend the laws yond Teas; relating to the transportation, irnprison.ent, and other punislimen. of and fo much certain offenders, as relates to trans.orration beyond the seas; and of 24. Geo. 3. alf0 fo much of an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the tends to au-T re*£n ^1S Pre*'ent Majesty, intituled, An act for the esse.tual thorife the transportation of felons and other offenders ; and to author ife the re-removal of moval of prisoners, in certain cases; and for other purposes therein offenders to mentioned; as extends to authorise the removal of offenders to ^ace^oYcon ternLPorary places of confinement; which afts were amended finement* to ar|d continued by two other afts of the twenty-eighth and be continued thirty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, until the till March *5, fftft day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Preamble.

So much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. as re-

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 52

and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t ; shall be, and the fame are hereby further continued until the twenty-silt. day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

IL And be- it further enacted, That fo much of an ad, made in the twenty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more esse.tual transportation of felons and other offenders in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, and to author ife the removal of prisoners, in certain cases, as authorises the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, which was to continue in force until the first: day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, and which was revived and continued by an ad of the thirty-fourth year of his .present.Ma-jest., until the firs. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

—54* 239

So much of 25 Geo. 3. c. 46. as authorises the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, to be continued till March 25, 1802,

CAP. Lll

An ad for continuing, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, lb much of an ad, made in the ninteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth.day of November one thousand seven hundred and seven.y-eight, intituled, An ad to explain and amend the law's relating to the transportation, imprisonment and other punillimen., of certain of-1 fenders, as relates to penitentiary house..—[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LIII.

An ad to continue, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, fo much of an ad, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majefiy,' for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expect.tious in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.—[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LIV.

An a£f to indemnify all persons who may have incurred penalties or , fors.itures under an passed in the second year of the reign of King James the Firjl, intituled, An ad coneer.ing tanners, curriers, (hoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather ; and to repeal parts of the said a£l, relating to the buying of hides.—[June 13, 1 799. J

"1 X 7HEREAS by an afi,passe. in the second year of the reign of his preamble.

V t majesty King James the Firff intituled, An ad coneer.ing % jac. i.c. 2?., tanners, curriers, (hoemakers, and other artificers occupying the recited, cutting of leather, it is amongjl other things enabled, Float noperson.or persons shall bargain, buy^ make any contract for, or bespeak, any rough bidey or calve Jkin in \he hairy but only fnch person or persons as by

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgti III. c* 54. [1798.

virtue of the said aft may laws.lly use the cras. or mystery of tanning of leather, and fall tan the fame, or such- person or persons fall taw the fame; and that no tanner or other person or persons fall fore-Jlall any hides coming to any fair or market, nor fall buy any hide any other where than in open fair or market, unless it be of such person or persons as fall kill the said be of, whereof the said hide fall be for the provision of his or their own house or houses, upon pain of the fors.iture therein-mentioned: and whereas notwithjlanding the said aft, it has been usual and cujlomary for tamers to buy raw hides of persons who kill beast., whereofsuch.hides are taken, although such beasts have not been kilied.for the provision of their own house or houses, in const.ence of which a ftions have been lately brought, and other actions may be brought against tanners and others who have fo bought raw hides, on the ground that such buying is contrary to the prohibition of the said aft: and whereas' the practice of fo buying hides was not introduced by the persons against whom actions have been brought, but has been prevailing many years, and particulari. the hides of beasts bought and kilied.for the publick service have usually been fold to tanners, and not in publick markets, and have been again fold by the pur chas.rs without tanning or tawing the fame; and it will be injurious to the publick service if such hides shall not continue to be fo fold: and whereas the actions fo brought might be attended with the ruin of the defendants: in order theres.re to present such litigation, expence, and mfchies, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tins present parhame.t assembled, and by the au- , thority of the fame. That all and every person or persons against: whom any action, bill, plaint, or information hath been or shall for  ^roug^t  f°r any penalty or penalties incurred before the paiT-

fodes^thfr- J*nS this  rea^*on of any breach of the said prohibition

contained in the aforesaid ad, (hall be, and is and are hereby indemnisi.d, freed, and discharged from the fame; any thing in the before-mentioned ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.  Provided always, That all costs incurred in prosecuting any such action, bill, plaint, or information, shall be borne and discharged by thedefendant or defendants in such action, bill, plaint, discharged by or information; and it shall be laws.l for the defendant or de-the defend- fendants, in any action or actions brought or to be brought as thereupon^ay a^Qre^a^? t0 apply t0 the court in which such action, bill, plaint, proceedings/ or information, (hall be brought to flay all proceedings therein on payment of such cost..

Adt not to in- III. Provided also, That this ad, or any thing herein contained, n0t extenc^ or construed to extend, to indemnify any per-whom^final f°n aga^n^ whom final judgement shall have been given before the judgement fist. day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall have been in any such action, bill, plaint, or information; and-that the degiven before fendanr, in any such action, bill, plaint or information, which has ^Prj S> *799> been or be brought, may plead the general ifiue, and give this ad, and the special matter in evidene., at any trial to be had thereupon; and in cafe any p\ea has already been pleacted, or^ny

demurrer

Perfons indemnisi.d against actions brought for penalties incurred un-

wife than in open marketj &cc.

Cofts incurred in prosecuting such actions to be

1798-] Anna regni triceCmo nono Georgii III. c. cf

demurrer filed, may move the court to stay all proceedings, and the court (hall make such order as may be necessary for esse.tuating the purpost. of this a£t.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any t^Tedted^ thing in the fa id a£t contained, it (hall be laws.l for all performs a(^as prohi-to bargai n, buy, contract for, or bespeak,any rough hide or calfikin bits the buy-in the hair, of beads slaugh.er.d for the serv.ee of his Majesty’s mg hides of navy, ahhough such person or persons (hall not afterwards tan or ^S.Sfor the" taw the fame; and that fo much of the said acl as prohibits the serv.ce of the bargaining, buying, contracting for, or bespeaking any rough navy, and hides, or calf skin in the hair, of beads slaugh.er.d for the fer~ not afterwards vice of his Majesty’s navy, and not afterwards tanning or tawing Jaw^n^them the fame, or the buying of raw hides any otherwise than in open or t^e buying fair or market, or imposes any penalty or fors.iture in respect of raw hides

thereof, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.  ,  otherwise.

than in open market, re-

CAP. LV.

An a£t for encouraging the improyemen. of lands subject to the fer-vitude of thirlage in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, —[June 13, 1799.]

pealed.

X IS 7 HERE AS it is found by experience^ that the servitude of V reamble.

VV thirlage, and 7'ight of mill services incident thereto, in that part a/Great Britain calied.Scotland, are very unfayour.ble to the general improyemen. of the country, by cheeking.the industry of the occupiers of the ground, and by occas.ohing trouble feme and expensive litigation ; and that it is highly expect.ent that it should be allowed to persons subj.fi to such servitude to compensate or to commute the fame by a fixed annual payment, in lieu and satis.afiion of the said right of thirlage, and of all services, presa.ions, and refer isho.s, thereto incident or pertaining, and in feme cases.to make an entire and complete pur chas. of the feme fora fair and adequate prie.: theres.re be ir enacted by the King’s most excelien. majeily, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this ad!, Proprietors of

it shal and may be laws.l for the proprietor or proprietors 0f landJ dm-led,

1  .  7  ,  • * 1 v -V. 1  r  A  or of mills to

any lands or tenements thirled or aitriaed to any mill, in that which lands -

part of Great Britain, calied.Scotland, or to the proprietor of any are thirled,

mill to which the lands or tenements of any other person or per- may apply to

Tons are thirled or affridted, who shall be delirous to have such *lav.e the '

thirlage or aftridiion changed or commuted intp such annual commuted to

payment, to apply to his Majesty’s sheris. or steward depute of the Iheris. or

the county or stewart.y in which such lands or tenements, and Reward de-

mills, are situated, or to his substitute, by a petition, setting.

forth such his or their desire, and specifying the lands and tene- proceed

ments fo thirled, which he or they is or are desirous should be as herein di-

freed from such thirlage, and the mill or mills to which such resse.t.

lands or tenements are fo thirled, and also the nature of the tlhr-

lage, the several species of corn or grain over which it is ex-

Vo in XLII.  R  tended.

242

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 55. [1798.

tended, the quantity of multure paid for grinding every fort of grain, the services dependant on the right, and the total amount of the multures and other dues claimed or allowed to be due; which petition the said sheris., or steward depute or substitute, shall order to be served on the other party or parties interested in the said thirlage, and on the tenant or tenants of the mill or mills described in the said petition, and shall also cause an edict.al citation to be made of all parties having or pretending to have interest in the said thirlage, at the chure. or chure.es of the parish or parishes within which the mill, and also the lands thirled thereto, are situated ; and the party or parties on whom such petition is served shall, within forty days after such service and citation, if within Scotland, or if furth thereof, then within sixty days, lodge with the sheris. or Reward’s clerk their answers to the petition, (and if any of the said subject.s are entailed, on the next substitute heir of entail within the kingdom, who would succeed failing the heir in possession and his family), and shall therein fet forth all objections they may have, either to any further procedure or to the matter of the said petition; and they shall also date every claim, demand, or deduction, which they are either then or afterwards to make or cray.; which petition and answers the sheris., or steward depute, or his substitute, shall immediately take into consideration, and within thirty days shall make an order or deer.e finding and declaring the precise matters in the said petition and answers, which are relevant to p3fs to the knowledge of a jury in manner after mentioned, and twenty days from the date of such order or deer.e having elapsed, or in cafe of any advocation, suspension, or other stay, by the authority of a superior court within ten days after such advocation, suspension, or other stay, has been diseusse. and removed, the sheris., or steward depute, or his substitute, (hall pronounce an interlocutor, appointing a jury to be summoned on a certain day, to be expressed in the said interlocutor, at the distane. of not less than thirty and not more than forty days from the date of such interlocutor, to give their verdicft or determination on the matters contained in the said petition, and answers and deer.e made thereon by the said sheris., or steward depute or substitute, or by a superior court, in such manner, and for such purpose as herein after is directed ; and the said sheris., or steward depute, or his substitute, is hereby directed and required to summon and assize of at the leaf!: twenty-one impartial and disinterested men, each of whom shall be an heritor or tenant of land, paying thirty pounds sterling of yearly rent within the said county or stewart.y, or in the cafe of heritors occupying their own lands, then of thirty pounds Scots of valued rent, on such day as shall be mentioned in the interlocutor aforesaid ; which assize being calied.on the said day, the number of persons then attending on the said assize shall be reduced to nine by each party, (that is, the proprietor of the mill on the one part, and the proprietor or proprietors of the thirled lands or tenements on the other), striking.

off

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c-55-  243

off alternately, beginning on the part of the proprietor of the mill, or in cafe of any of the parties not appearing, by the sheris., or stewart depute or substitute, striking off for and on belial. of such party, till the number be reduced to nine, who shall be sworn, and const.rute a jury for the determination of the annual value of the thirlage services and predations thereto annexed, which is submitted to their confider2tion ; before which jury, and the said (heris. or deward depute or fubditute, the said petition and answers and deer.e, together with such evidene. as any of the parties may incline, shall be laid ; which evidene. (hall be taken in writing, and remain for four years at lead upon record in the court where it was taken ; and after deliberating thereon, and hearing parties and their procurators, if they shall desire to be heard, and upon a due conlideration of all the circumdane.s of the cafe, the said jury shall, by their verdiCt or determination, fix and aseer.ain the amount of such annual payment, in grain of such kinds, and in such quantity and amount, as to the said jury shall appear to be a jud, fair, and equal value and compensation for the said right of thirlage, and all and every service, predation, or restriction thereto annexed or incident; of which verdiCt or determination an abbreviate shall be regidered by any of the parties in the general register of fasine. at Edinburgh, or the particular regider for the said county or stewart.y, within sixty days after the pronouncing of such verdiCt or determination: provided always, That nothing Ad not to in-herein contained shall invalidate or infringe the right competent fnnge the to the proprietor of any mill for supporting and repairing the mill dam, and the ledd or aqueduCt conducting the water to for fUpport> such mill, by taking dones, turf, or other materials, from the ing mill dams, thirled lands of any neighbouring heritor along which the said aqueduCt passes, or of deepening or clearing the fame, conform to use and wont.

II.  And whereas the said petition and answers may contain matters of law touching rights of thirlage, whereto the said /heris., or Jlew~ ard depute or substitute, has not a co?npete?7t jurisdiction; be it theres.re enacted, That it dial] be laws.l to the said flier.s., or Sheris., steward depute or fubditute, and they are hereby empowered

and authorised to decide and determine by their order or deer.e, t;ons *n jaw ** on the said petition and answers, all questions in law therein contained in contained, respect.ng the nature, quality, and extent of the thir- petitions and lage to be valued, and services, predations, and reftriCtions there- ardwers« to incident, or the claims, demands, and deductions, made or cray.d by either of the parties; any law or pract.ce to the contrary notwithstanding.  1

III.  Provided always. That it shall not be laws.l to the said Sheris., See. sheris., or steward depute, or fubstir.te, to pronounce any judge-

ment or deer.e, finding or declaring l^nds to be thirled orifthepro_ * aftriCted to a mill, where the proprietor of the lands denies the prietor deny existence of any such right of thirlage, unless the other party it, unless the produce an extract.of a deer.e of declarator pronouneed.by other party the court of session, or sufficient evidene. thereof in proof of otTheTight.0

R 2  his  ^

After three years regis.tration of the verdiCt, it shall not he altered, See.

Annoregni triceli.o nono Georgii III. c. 55. [1798.

his right, and that the said sheris., or Reward depute or subs.i-tute, (hall (such.production not being made) dismiss the petition in fo far as regards the lands which are denied to be thirled, and proceed only to the valuation of the thirlage of those lands which are confessed to be thirled, as in manner is before directed.

IV.  And be it specially enacted, provided, and declared. That after the expiry of three years from the registration of the ver^ did of the jury, the said verdict, and the proceedings had relative thereto, (hall not be reduced, fetaside, reviewed, altered, or amended by the court of session, or any other judicatory, for any negleet.of the provisions herein contained, or for any informality or error, or for any other reaSon or pretext whatever; and if any party Shall pursue any process of reduction of the verdict of the jury, or other process for letting the fame aside, or for altering or amending the lame, in the court of session, and (hall fail in such pursuit or process, such party prosecuring.as aforeSaid (hall be liable to the other party or parties in full cods of fuit.

V.  And be it further enacSted, That after such verdict and determination as aforesaid, the servitude of thirlage, and all Services, predations, and restrictions, pertaining or any way inci- "

prietor of the dent thereto, fo valued by the said jury, shall cease to be exigi-mill shall be ble from, or binding upon either or any of the parties, but that ^eive^he rC* *n ^,eu ^lereo^ laid proprietor or proprietors, occupier or oc-compensation.cuPiers of the thirled lands or tenements, shall be bound and obliged to pay, and the proprietor of the mill to which the said lands or tenements are thirled, shall be bound and obliged to receive annually at the mill where the multure under the former servitude of thirlage was in use to be paid, or at some other convenient place to be fixed by the jury, such quantity or amount of corn or g'ain, of such kind or fort, kinds or forts as the said jury shall in manner aforeSaid determine to be a just compensation or equivalent for such right of thirlage, or in the option of the payer, the value of such corn or grain in money, according to the value or prie. put upon such kind or l^inds of corn or grain by the fiars of the county in which the grain is payable, for the year within which such payment is due.

VI.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Verdi&not to declared, That such verdict or determination shall not be prevent--be delayed by ed or delayed by the absene. or non-attendane. of any person any persons interested in such thirlage, but that the jury (hall proceed on

~ * such evidene. as shall be produced to them by any of the parties then and there attending, and pronounce such verdict and determination as aforesaid, which shall be as valid and esse.tual, to all intents and purposes, as if all the parties interested therein had attended, and been heard in relation thereto; but it is also provided, that if any of the parties (hall Chew sufficient reason for adjourning the laid day appointed for taking the verdict of the jury, it (hall be laws.l for the said flier.s., or Reward depute or iubftitute to make such adjournment to any day within thirty days from the day first appointed, the party praying an adjournment always defraying all expences thereby incurred.

VII. And

After verdict all reftric-tions to cease, and the pro

in corn, or its value in money, at the option of the payer.

interected, but the day for taking it may be adjourned, on sufficient reason being she.n.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 55*  245

VII. And be it further enacted, That the annual payment Annual pay-herein above direcsted.to be made, in lieu and satisfaction of the \n iicU said servitude of thirlage, shall be payable at the term of Candle- ^made at mas in each year, the first: payment to be made at the term of Candlemas. Candle?nasy Immediately subsequent to the date of the verdi<51 or determination of the said jury; the amount of which firil payment shall be fixed by the said jury, according to such proportion as they shall judge reasonable on the whole circ urn (lances of the cafe.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That where the mill or mills The commu-aforesaid, with the rights of thirlage thereto annexed, are let to tenants under tacks or leases, the annual payment in grain or mjns jet cn money, fo as aforesaid to be paid as a commutation or equiva- Jease.shall be lent for the right of thirlage annexed to such mill, shall, and the full compen-fame is hereby declared to be payable, during the term or cur-rene. of such tack or lease, to the tenant or lefTee of such mill where paid by or mills, and such annual payment shall be to such tenant or lef- proprietors of fee, tenants or lefiees, full compensation for or in lieu and satis. landsonlease.faction of all multure, mill services, or other rights or servitudes pertaining or incident to the said right of thirlage let to him or {he^ro*-^ them by such tack or lease, such tack or lease, or any condition prietor. or predation therein contained notwithstanding; and where the lands of the servient tenement or estate thirled are let in lease to tenants, and the proprietor shall pay the annual commutation or equivalent, the lelfees shall in that cafe be obliged to make payment to the proprietor of a portion of the said annual commutation or equivalent, corresponding to the rent of the lands let on lease compared with the total amount of rent payable by the whole lands thirled, and that the said proportion of the said annual commutation or equivalent shall be recoverable by the proprietor in the fame manner in which he is entitled to recover his

rent.

IX.  Provided always, and be it enatSled, That if the propor- 0n °bje<ffioi> tion by rent shall be objected to by tenants paying one fourth

or more of the rent of the lands thirled, the said jury shall then fourth of the divide according to the bed of their judgement, information, rent of lands and belief, the different parts of the commutation to be paid by thirled, a jury the several tenants, according to the value of multures, services, commutation and predations legally exigible from the several respective farms occupied or possessed by them; or if the parties are not then prepared, the sheris. or steward depute or his substitute, is hereby authorised and required, at the request and desire of the above-mentioned proportion cf the tenants, again to convene the aforesaid jury, in manner and with notice as above directed, and that on any day within the space of two months from the date of their first award, when the said jury shall meet and make such division,

X.  And whereas the annual payment to be adjudged under this act to the proprietor of a mill, in lieu of the multures, mill services, and other rights, from which the lands thirled are to be thereby relieve., is meant and underse.d to be of equal value..and a full compensa.ipn

r 3  /or

246 Anno regni tricesimo nono Geokgii III. c. 55. [1798.

for the discharge thereof and in no ways to take from or diminish the value of his right as proprietor, it is further hereby enabled and Commutation declared. That the discharge of the multures, mill services, and

not to give claim to the mill proprietor to relief from the land tax, nor to astet.: right of freehold.

Thirlage of

the Inveeta et I]lata may be pur-chas.d.

Such thirl age may be pur-chaled notwit handing the mill be held under a deed of entail, ^ on certain conditions.

other rights belonging to a proprietor of a mill, as to the whole or any part of the lands astrict.d to it, and the subs.itution of an annual payment by way of compensation in place thereof, in the manner above provided for, (hall afford to such proprietor no ground or pretence for claiming relief from any part of the" cess or land tax payable by him in respect. thereof, either where such mill flood separately valued in the cess books, or where it was ineluded.in a joint or cumulo valuation with other parts of his property ; and for the fame reason, that it shall not in anyways asse.f or impair any right of freehold, or qualifie.tion to ele£fc or be elected as a member of parhame.t, arising from or founded upon it, either where the mill with its mill lands and multures of itself affords such qualifie.tion in respect of its valuation or old extent, or where it makes part of a tenement which forms such qualifie.tion, either on its valuation or as separately retoured of an extent sufficient for that purpose.

XT. And whereas there is a kind of thirlage known in the law and practice ^/'Scotland, calied.A Thirlage of the Invedla et Illata, to which sundry towns, burghs, burghs of barony, villages, or other places in that part cf the kingdom, and the inhabitants thereof are subj.fi, which thirlage it is expect.ent to allow to be pur chas.d by the persons subj.fl to the fame, be it theres.re enacted. That if any inhabitant or inhabitants of such town, burgh, village, or place, shall be desirous to pure.ase an exemption from the said serv.-tude of thirlage, and all and every the services and prestations incident thereto, to which the whole town, burgh, village, or place is liable from the proprietor of such mill or mills entitled to the fame, it shall be laws.l and competent to them to apply, in manner above mentioned, to the fhcris. or steward depute of the county or stewart.y in which such town, burgh, village, or place is situate, who (hall take such proceedings, 3nd summon a jury in such manner as is herein-before particulari. directed, which jury shall by their verdict fix and determine the full value in money of such right of thirlage in perpetuity, on which verdict and determination the said sheris., or steward depute or subs.i-tute shall pronounce deer.et against the' person or persons fo petitioning or applying to him as aforesaid, for the sum fo fixed and determined by such jury, on payment of .which to the proprietor of the mill, such town, burgh, village, or place, or such inhabitant or inhabitants thereof, formerly subject to such thirlage, shall thenceforth be for ever freed and relieve..from the fame.

Xil. And it is hereby further enacfled, That such proceeding may take place, and such exemption be pure.ased in manner aforesaid, notwithstanding.the mill or mills, to which such burgh, town, or village is thirled, be held by the proprietor or proprietors thereof under a deed or deeds' of entail; provided that prie. paid for the fame, in virtue of the determination of the

jury

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 56.  247

jury and deer.et of the sheris. hereby directed, (hall be sett.ed and secured in like manner as is directed in the cafe of super.o-rities fold to the va-flals of entailed estates, by an adt, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the tenure of ward 20 ^eo* holding in Scotland, and for converting the fame into blanch andfeu c* holdings; and for regulating the casualty of non-entry in certain cases; and for taking away the casualties of single and life rent efeheats incurred there by horning and denounciation for civil causes; and for giving to heirs and fucccffors there a summary process againjl super.-ors; and for discharging the attendane. of vajfals at head courts there ; and for aseer.aining the service of tenants there; and for all lowing heirs of talzie there to fell lands to the crown, for erecting buildings and making settlements in the highlands.

XIII.  And whereas it may happen, that a mill and some of the ^ f mill and

lands thirled to it may be within different counties or feivartries; be ^hin^differ-it enact.ed, That in such cafe the applie.tion shall be made to ent counties, the sheris. or stewart of the county or stewart.y in which the applie.tion mill is situated, before whom the parties coneer.ed who live to be made to without his jurisdiction may be cited by virtue of letters of sup. ^her^the plement in common form.  millis situa.e.

XIV.  Provided always, and it is hereby expressly enacted and

declared, That nothing herein-before contained shall apply to tend^here*" the cafe where a permanent annual payment, either in money or dry multure grain, is already fixed or established under the name of dry mul- is fixed, ture, in lieu of the servitude or thirlage, but reserving never-theless.to either party, as well the proprietor of the dominant as of the fury.ent tenement, to apply in manner herein-before di-recte. for commutating or compensating by such fixed annual payment as herein-before mentioned, all mill services and other prestations and restrictions, if any such are exigible, over and above the sum of money or grain payable in name of dry multure as aforesaid.

CAP. LV1.

An aft to explain and amend the lazus relative to colliers in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.—^[June 13, 1799.]

WHEREAS, before the puss.ng.of an aft of the fist.enth year Preamble.

of his present Majefiy, intituled, An adl for .altering, ex- 15 Geo. 3. plaining, and amending leveral of the acts of the parhame.t of c* r^eited, Scotland, respecting colliers, coal bearers, and faiters, many coU Hers, coal bearers, and faiters, were bound for life, to and transfer-rable with, the colheries.andfait workers where they worked j but by the said aft their bondage was taken off, and they were declared to be free, under the conditions therein mentioned \ not with/landing which, many colliers and eoal bearers fill continue in a fate of bondage, from not having complied with the proviso.s, or from having become fub-jest.to the penalties in the said aft: may it theres.re please yoqr

and all colliers in Scotland, bound

of, to be free from serv.-tude.

248 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 111. c. 5-6. [1798.

Majest. that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excelien. majefiy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t aisembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pa fling of this acl, all the colliers in that part at Theti me^of  Great Britain, calied.Scotland,  who were bound colliers at the

pairing there- time of pr*fling the laid abf, shall be and they are hereby declared to be free from their servitude, and in the fame situation in every resp.bl as if they had regulari. obtained a deer.e in the manner directed by the said a£l.

II. And whereas by an afi of the Scots parhame.t, videlicet, Of the twenty second parhame.t of King James the Sixths (twenty-eighth of June one thousand fix hundred and seven. een), chapter eighty and by another aSt of the Scots parhame.t, videlicet, Of the firJi parhame.t of King Charles the Second, (in January one thousand fix hundred and sixty.one), chapter thirty-eighty it is enabled, T hat the juf-tices of the peace for the fereral counties and jlewartries in Scotland <c shall appoint at the quarter sessions to be kept in August.and February, the ordinary hyre and wages of labourers, workmen, and seryan.s, and wbo shall resafe.to serve upon the prie. fet down by them, shall be imprij'oned and further pmished.at their disere.ion; and to the esse.t fer vants may be the more willing to obey the ordinane.s to be made by the said jujlices for the said..es, the said jufiices shall have pozver to decern and compel the masse. to make payment of the fees appointed by their ordinane., in cafe the seryan.s pleaj'e rather to sue for the fame before them than before the judge ordinaryand whereas doubts have arijen whether the pozvers given to the jujlices of the peace by the two atls of the Scottiih parhame.t above recited extend to colliers \ be it enabled and declared, That the said two (5. 8. of the a6ts of the Scottijh parhame.t, videlicet, The aforesaid act of the md Scots par- twenty-second.parhame.t of King fames the Sixth, (twenty-ta<nd c  Jime  one  thousand  fix  hundred  and  seven.een),  chap-

38.  of the * ter the eighth, and the aforesaid a6l of the first parhame.t of iftofCar. a. King Charles the Second, (January the,first, one thousand fix fo far as they hundred and sixty.one), chapter the thirty-eighth, in fo far as cf^wao-es^of1^ ^ame relate to the fixing and appointing of the ordinary labourers, to hire an^ wages of labourers, workmen, and seryan.s, do extend extendtoper- to and include colliers, coal hewers, coal bearers, and all other fonsemploy.d.persons of every defeription employ.d.at collie.ies, in that part tdes^in Scot- Great Britain, calied.Scotland; and such and the like powers and authorities, rights, remedies, and privileges conferred by these statutes, relative to the fixing and appointing of the ordinary hire and wages of labourers, workmen and seryan.s, are hereby given, conferred, and granted, and declared to extend and apply to colliers, coal hewers, coal bearers, and all other persons of every defeription employ.d.at collie.ies, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.

Powers onl^d III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such powers uponTppUca- anc* authprities (hall only be exereis.d upon the applie.tion of tion of the the party or parties aggrieyed.

p irty ag-  IV,  Attd

grieyed.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 56,  249

IV.  And be it enabled, That any two or more justices may Two justices and (hall exereis., upon the like applie.tion fo to be made to exerc^e them, all the powers and authorities which are given by the tuc l)0wers* aforesaid statutes to the said justices at their quarter sections, in

such.manner as is therein provided.

V.  And whereas there is a general pra Rice among the coal owners

and lessees of coal, of advane.ng confiderable sums to their colliers, of for their behoof much beyond what the colliers are able to repay; which sums are advaneed.for the purpose of tempting them to enter into or continue their engagements, notwithjlanding the sums fo advaneed.are kept up as debts againjl the colliers \ be it theres.re further ena£feed, That no diligene. or action (hall be competent a(^10n for any sum or sums of money hereast.r to be lent or advaneed. adl

to colliers, or other persons employ.d.at the colheries.as afore- vane.(j byor^ said, by the coal owner or leilee of any collie.y, or by any other on belial. of person or persons on their belial., or for any debts due by col- coal owners liers or other persons as aforesaid, which shal. be aequi.ed hy colliers^ex* the said coal owners or lessees, or by others on their account, cept sup, either previous to their engagement, or during the currene. port of their thereof, and in view of the fame; excepting always such sum or families in sums as shal. be advaneed.to any collier, or other person em- ^efs °* ploy.d at colheries.as aforesaid, during the currene. of his or

her service, for the support of his or her family, in cafe of sickness.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That it shal. and Coal owners

may be laws.l to the coal owner or lessee who shal. lend or ad-°r e^s.

J r , ,  r  .  ,  .  c  may detain a

vane. such sum or sums of money, to retain from the wages orpa/tofthe

the colliers or others aforesaid, to whom the fame (hall be fo lent weekly wages

or advaneed, one twelfth part of the said sum or sums weekly, hll money ad-

till the principal sum or sums, without interect, fo advaneed, be n^id^nd^a

paid up; but declaring, that if the engagement of such collierhayean.<5Hroi

shal. expire before the principal sum or sums fo advaneed.be for the

fully paid up, the coal owner or leste. who advaneed.the fame balance.

shal. have a£Hon for the balance, in the fame manner as if this

a£t had not palied,.

VII.  Provided also, and be it enabled, That such debts as Debts due by were due by colliers to their mailers at or before the pasting of colliers at this a&, (hall not be hereby extinguished ; and declaring also, alsnot.exS that debts due by colliers or other persons as aforesaid, at or be- ttnguts.ed^ fore the palling of this a<ft, to the coal owners or lessees, may be but may be

v laws.lly alligned or transferred to other coal owners or lessees alsigned.with with whom they may afterwards engage, with the consent of the con lent ot the debtors themselyes.; and if asti.ned with their consent, then the de orb* debts fo aligned (hall be as valid and esse.tual to the other coal owners or lessees, as if this a£f had never palied: provided always, That the vouchers of all debts due by colliers to coal Vouchers of owners and lessees of coal before the pasting of this a<5l, or a lift ^^s^o^be of the fame, signed.by the said coal owners and lessees, shal. be the recorded in the sheris. court books, within three months after court books, fche pasting hereof, for which a fee of one (hilling shal. be paid, or held null.

250 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57—59. [1798.

and no more; and that all debts, the vouchers of which are not fo recorded, shall be held to be null and void, and not recoverable in any court of law.

VIII.  And whereas there have of late been many attempts to fe-Seducers of ^iice colliers out of Scotland into foreign countries, be it theres.re Colliers from further enacted, That all persons seducing, or attempting to Great Britain seduce, colliers or others aforesaid, from the kingdom of Great ed as seducer. ^ritain’> be punished in the fame manner as persons seducing, of znanus.c- ° or attempsing.to seduce, manus.cturers or other artizans are turers.  punisliable. by  law.

Ko coal maf- IX. Provided always, and belt enabled and declared, That no ter or 1 elite to coal mailer or lessee of coal (hall act as a justice of peace under

aft as a justice this aft.

under thib aft.  And *lt purt|ier enabled, That the laws now in force

^ombinarions a§a*n^- un^avv^ combinations of whatever kind, (hall extend to and include colliers, coal bearers, and other persons employ.d.at coal works as aforesaid; and that nothing in this aft contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to alter or repeal any part of the afts of the parhame.t of Scotland relative to colliers, unless in fo far as is expressly done by this aft or by the said aft of the fist.enth year of his present Majesty.

CAP. LVII.

An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons aft-ing as such, in the Weft India istands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms. —[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LVIII.

An aft to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to fir James Mar* riott knight, late judge of the high court of admiralty, in consideration of his diligent and faiths.l services in the execution of that office.—-[June 13, 1799.]

A life annuity of 2,oool. granted to fir James Marriott, to commence from Oftober 15, 1798, and to be paid quarterly.

CAP. LIX.

An ad for permitting certain goods, imported from the East Indies, to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon and granting other duties in lieu thereof—[June 13, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expect.ent, in order to secure to this country the benefit of an extended trade in goods, the produce <and manus.cture of the East Indies, that certain goods imported from thence fhonld be permitted to be warehoused, and that the duties on the fame fuould be repealed, and other duties JJoould be granted in lieu thereof: be it theres.re enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirttual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the

authority

to extend to colliers,

Preamble.

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.  251

authority of the fame, That from and after the thirty-firs. day ofFromAug.^r, Augujl 6ne thousand seven hundred and nirtety-nine, it (hall and the East may be laws.l for the united company of mereliant. of England pan^may1* -tracting.to the East Indies, on the legal importation into this warehouse kingdom of any goods, wares, or merchandize, (except as herein- imported after is provided), to enter, and land and lodge any such goods, wares, and merchandize, in warehouses, under the securities, addi^" rules, regulations, and reftri£tions directed and required by this tional duties. ' a6f, on payment, in the manner herein-after directed, of the following new and additional duties of customs, and without payment of any other duty whatever, save and except the duties of customs imposed by an a6f, pafTed in the last session of parhame.t, intituled, An act for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, 38 Geo. 3. and for granting new and additional duties cf cujloms on goods import- c* 7 6. ed and exported, and on the tonnage of certain flips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the fgning the prelish.nary articles of peace \ videlicet,

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all Additional muslin. plain, nanquin cloths, muslin. or white callie.es stowe.- duties, ed or dite.ed, imported by the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, the sum of seven pounds and ten (hillings:

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all plain white callie.e, plain white dimity, and of all goods, wares, and merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in this kingdom, imported by the said united company, the sum of two pounds and ten (hillings :

And for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all other goods, wares, and merchandize, imported by the said united company, (except builion, diamonds, and other precious stones, tea, cotton wool, nutmegs, mace, doves, and cinnamon), the sum of two pounds :

Which value shall be aseer.ained according to the gross prie. at which sue.) goods respect.ively lhall have been fold at the Tales of the said united company, without any deduction or abatement whatever; and fo in proportion for any greater or less value than one hundred pounds.

II.  And be it further enabled. That it shall and may be laws.l Additional

for the said united company to secure by bond, in the usual and  ^

accus.omed manner, the new and additional duties of customs  y

imposed.by this a£L, which bond (hall be given to his Majesty,

his heirs and successors, in a penalty equal to double the amount thereof, with condition for the payment of the laid duties, within four months after the expiration of each and every publick sale of goods, wares, or merchandize, by the said united company.

III.  Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That before Goods duly any such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be fo lodged or fe- entereciand cured in warehouses, the fame (hall be duly entered with the ianded maybe proper officer or officers of the customs, and regulari. landed, lodged in

after warehouse.

z$2 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. [1798. approved by after which such goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall and may be fio^err^the  or  ^ecurec^  in luch warehouses as are now provided by the

custom. said un*lted company, or which may hereast.r be provided by them, whose officers such warehouses to be first approved by the commissioners of his are to take an Majesty’s customs in England for the time being, or any four or the°'oods^ 1X101:6 °f them ; but before any such goods, wares, or merchan-e ^°° s* dize, or any part thereof^ shall be fo lodged or secured in such warehouses, or as soon after as conveniently may be, the fame shall be examined by the proper officer or officers of the customs, who (hall take a particular and correct account of the quantity, quality, species, number and contents thereof, which account shall be regulari. entered in a book or books to be provided and kept for that purpose, and in such manner as they the said com-misti.ners (hall from time to time think proper to dires.. Purchas.rs or JV. And jt js hereby further enacted, That it shall and may goods^foMbyke laws.l for the pure.aser or pure.asers, or proprietor or pro-the company, prietors of any goods, wares, or merchandize, fo lodged or fe-may export cured in warehouses by virtue or in pursuance of this aft, and them directly which have been publickly fold by the said company, to export v-a re ho life on  fame directly from the warehouse or warehouses in which the

payment of fame have been respectively lodged or secured, without payment the duty im- of any further duty or duties of customs or excise whatever, save posed by  and except the duty or duties of customs imposed by the said re-

c^76Cand*  Eitcd a ft, patted in the last session of parhame.t; provided that

entering into the exporter or exporters, or proprietor or proprietors, of any bond that they such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall, before the delivery fbjdl not be  thereof for exportation, make a due entry with the proper officer

Great Britain  or °®cers °f h,s Majesty’s customs, and (hall, together with the

’matter or other perton having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such goods, wares, or merchandize, are intended to be exported, and one sufficient surety, (to be approved by the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation), enter into bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in treble the value thereof, with condition that the said goods, wares, or merchandize, fo intended to be exported, shall be landed at the respective ports or places for which the fame shall have been entered, and that no part of the fame (hall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in the islands of Guern-Jey, Jerse., Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the istands.of Faro or Ferro.

Such goods V. And be it further enacted, That if any goods, wares, or Gnernfe” &c merchandize, which (hall have been (hipped for exportation, may be leized! according to the regulations of this aft, shall afterwards be landed in the islands of Guernfey, Jerse., Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro, the fame (hall be fors.ited, and (hall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the custom.. Purchas.rs or VI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the pure.aser or Pood^foMS C^Purckafers, or proprietor or proprietors, of any goods, wares, or at publick  merchandize, imported by the said united company, and lodged

fates of the  or secured in warehouses according to the directions of this aft,

company, which shall have been fold at the publick sales of the said company,

179S-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.

pany, after the said thirty-firs. day of Auguji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, such goods not being prohibited to be worn or used in this kingdom, (hall intend to take any such goods, wares, or merchandize, from any such warehouse, for the purpose of being used or consumed in this kingdom, such pure.aser or pure.asers, or proprietor or proprietors, (hall, before the fame lhall be fo delivered from any such warehouse, make a due entry of such goods, wares, or merchandize, with the proper officers of his Majesty’s customs, and pay down in ready money, without any discount or abatement, to the collector or other proper officer of the customs, the several and respective duties of customs here-in-after mentioned; (that is to fay), On all such goods, wares, and merchandize, fo intended to be taken out of any such warehouse as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be used or consumed in this kingdom, and which are particulari. enumerated or de-scribed.in the table hereunto annexed, marked A. the several duties of customs, as the fame are resp.<5tively inserted. desc.ib-ed, and fet forth in figures in the said table marked A. and which duties, fo paid, (hall be instead and in lieu of the several duties of customs due and payable on and immediately before the thirty-firs. day of Auguji One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on any such goods, wares, or merchandize imported by the said united company, save and except the duties of customs payable by virtue of the said recited a£t, passed in the last session of parhame.t ; and on all goods, wares, or merchandize, fo intended to be taken out of any such warehouse as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be used or consumed in this kingdom, and which are not particulari. enumerated or described in the said table marked A. the several and respect.ve duties of customs due and payable on the importation of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, by the said united company, by any a£f or acct. of parhame.t in force on and immediately before the said thirty-firs. day of Auguji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

VII.  And be ft further enabled, That no drawback of any duty of customs whatsoever (hall be paid or allowed on the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, imported into this kingdom by the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the Eaji Indies, which (hall have been fold at the Tales of the said united company, after the thirty-firs. day of Augufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except mufiins plain, nanquin cloth, mufiins or white callie.es stowe.ed or stitched, plain white callie.es and dimities, which shal. have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in this kingdom, and on the due exportation from this kingdom of any such goods fo printed, stained, painted, or dyed, on which the full duties, as the fame are inserted, described, and fet forth in the table hereunto annexed, marked A. have been paid, there lhall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters thereof, the several drawbacks of the said duties as the fame are respectively inserted,,described, and fet forth in the said table marked A.: provided always, That nothing herein

con-

253

taken out of vvarehouse. for homecon-sump.ion, to make entry and pay certain duties.

No drawback to be allowed on exportation of goods fold by the company after Aug u ft 31, 1799, except on certain articles.

A<ft not to repeal the pre-sent.draw-

 CjOO^Ic

254 Anno regni tricesimo nono GeorgIi III. c. 59. [ 1798.

backs on cer- contained (hall in any wife alter or repeal the drawbacks now tain articles. payab]e on the exportation from this kingdom, of tea, nutmegs. No drawback mace, cloves, and cinnamon : provided also, That no drawback shall be paid or allowed on any goods, wares, or merchandize, fo taken out of any warehouse as aforesaid, and on which the full duties have been paid, unless such goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be actually (hipped on board the ship or vessel in which the fame are intended to be exported, within the space of one year from the time of the payment of such full duty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be delivered out of or taken from any warehouse or warehouses in which the fame (hall have been package to be lodged or secured by virtue or in pursuance of this a<5t for the marked as the purpose of exportation, each and every package thereof shall be of thTcuRoms mar^ec^ m distinguishing manner as the commissioners of shall direct/ h,s Majesty’s customs in England, or any four or more of them,

_ , shall from time to time direct.

Officers of the customs to

to be allowed on warehoused goods not ship. within a year from payment. of duty.

Before goods are taken out for exportation, every

keep an account of all goods imported.

Regulations relpedting payment of duties thereon, &c.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That the proper officer or officers of the customs shall keep a regular and correct account of all goods, wares, or merchandize, imported by the said united company, dist.nguithing the cargoes respect.iveiy imported in each particular (hip or vessel; and within the space of three years, from the day on which the captain or commander of each and every such ship or vessel shall, in the usual and accustomed manner, have made his report at the custom house, the said united company (hall pay, or cause to be paid, to the proper officer of the customs, all and every sum or lums of money due and payable on account of the cargoes respec.tively imported in such ship or vessel, according to the account taken at the first examination thereof; and in cafe any part of the cargo of any ship or vessel shall then remain unexported, and without the full duties having been paid thereon, it shall and may be laws.l for the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, to require the said united company to cause such goods, wares, or merchandize, to be fold, in cafe they shall not have been fold, (unless.leave (hall have been previously obtained from the lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury to grant a further time previous to such re-sale.being fo ordered, which they are hereby authorised to do, upon satisfactory evidene. of the necessity of the cafe being laid before them); and in cafe they shall have been fold, then to be re-fold, either for exportation, if such goods, wares, or merchandize, are prohibited to be worn or used in this kingdom, or for exportation, or home consumption, if not fo prohibited in the manner herein-after directed ; and after such sale or re-sale, the produce thereof shall first be applied to or towards the payment of the freight, primage, and charges of warehouse room and other charges that shall arile thereon, next the customs and duties, and the overplus to be paid to the proprietors or other persons authoriied to receive the fame; and if from the account to be kept as aforesaid.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.  255'

said, it (hall appear that the quantity, number or contents, of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, is or are less than the quantity, number, or contents, taken by the proper officer or officers of the customs, according to the directions of this act, at the first examination of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or that the whole thereof has not been duly exported, or the full duties paid thereon, or any part thereof remaining to be disposed of as before direct.cd, the said united company (hall, within thirty days, pay, or cause to be paid, the full duties on such goods, wares, or merchandize, fo remaining unexported, or on which the full duties have not been paid; and in all cases.when the said com-missioner. of the customs (hall fo require the sale of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, the fame shall be put up for sale by the said united company at their then next ensuing sale, and such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be then fold by the said united company for the highest prie. that shall be then pubiickly offered for the fame.

X.  Provided always, That in cafe any goods, wares, or mer- in Cafe of a chandize fo lodged or secured in any warehouse or warehouses deficiency of as aforesaid, shall be liable to duties according to the value there- warehoused of, and there shall be a deficiency of the whole or any part of p^red’with1* such goods, wares, or merchandize, on comparing them with the the account of quantity, number, or contents taken by the proper officers of the the officers of customs, according to the directions of this adf, at the first ex- tJie customs, amination of such goods, wares, or merchandize, such values, in asce.tass.ino°r order to aseer.ain the duties thereon, shall be taken according to the duties to the highest gross prie. at which goods, of the like forts, denomi- be taken at nations, or descriptions, shall have been fold at the last sale of the th? highest said united company, in which goods of such forts, denominations, j^ftfa^e S or descriptions were fold.

XL And be it further enact.ed, That in cafe any goods, wares, Goodsuns.ld or merchandize imported into this kingdom by the said united remaining in company, (except tea, cotton wool, nutmegs, mace, cloves, and warehouse.oa cinnamon, and builion, diamonds, and' other precious stones., * ® , j^ie shall, on the said thirty-firs. day of August.one thousand seven to the addi-hundred and ninety-nine, remain in any warehouse belonging tional duties, to the said united company unfold, all such goods, wares, and ^red^orex" merchandize, shall be subject and liable to the new and additional portation but" duties of customs by this adt imposed, for everyone hundred according to pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross the regula-prie. at which such goods shall be fold at the publick Tales of the ^nsn^^S said united company, and which duties shall be payable by the *ny ”^ei?1 said united company in the manner directed by this adf; and purpose, but such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall not be delivered from under the the warehouse in which they have been lodged or secured, for the fai?e rules as purpose of exportation, but on the securities, and under the rules, since.haVday • regulations, and restrictions required by this adt; nor shall any such goods, wares, or merchandize, be delivered from any such warehouse for any other purpose, but on payment of the full duties due and payable thereon, in like manner, and under such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as if such goods, wares, and merchandize.

 CjOO^Ic

2$6  Anno  regni  tricesimo  nono  GeorgxI  III.  c.  59.  [1798.

chandize, had been imported into this kingdom by the said.united company after the said thirty-fir ft day of Auguji one thou-sand.seven hundred and ninety-nine; any bond or security, law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

The duties XII. Provided always. That if the said united company shal., Au^ulfT before the said thirty-firs. day of Auguji one thousand seven hun-1799, on 9 dred aru^ ninety-nine, have paid to the proper officer of his Ma-warehoused.jest.’s customs the whole or any part of the duties which may goods unfold, have become due and payable on any such goods, wares, or mer-^tdbvthe chandize, f° remaining unfold in any of the warehouses belonged mmfffi oners *nS to l^e l^id united company, it (hall and may be laws.l for of custom.. the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs in England, or any four or more of them, to direct such duties fo paid by the said united company, to be repaid in such manner as they the said commissioners (hall think fit to direct.

If goods de- XIII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any goods, ’ortation* on" wares>or merchandize, which shall have been warehoused or other-which the’ full wife secured according to the directions of this ad, and on which duties have the full duties shall not have been paid, shall, after having been not been paid, delivered for exportation from the warehouse for the purpose of regulari. (hip- being (hipped on board any particular ship or vefTel, not be re-ped, or ihall gulari. (hipped on board such ship or vefTel, or having been put be relanded, into any bark, hoy, light.r, barge, boat, or wherry, in order to they shall be be flipped on board such ship or vefTel, shall not be regulari. the'vesse.'^1 dipped on board the fame, or (hall be relanded from any such bark, hoy, light.r, barge, boat, or wherry, or having been (hipped on board the (hip or vefTel in which the fame are intended to be exported, shall be unihipped or relanded theres.om, except by necessity or distress, to he proved to the satis.ace..on of the said commissioners of the customs in England, such goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be fors.ited, and (hall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and the (hip or vefTel from or cut of which any such goods shall be fraudulenti. unshipped, and a'fo the (hip, vefle), light.r, or boat into which any such goods (hall be received or taken, (hall be fors.ited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty’s custom..

XIV. And whereas the laws now in force, mode to prevent the fraudulent unjhipping or relanding of goods, wares, or merchandize, Jhipped for exportation to foreign parts, have not been found sufficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended, and it is expect.ent, in order to prevent such illicit practice in future, that where any goods, wares, or merchadize, which have been fbipped for exportation to foreign parts, are by the lavas now in force, or by this present aff^ made liable to fors.iture for being unshipped at sea, or landed in the isand. ^/'Guernfey, Jerse., Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro Where goods or ^erre. or rlanded in this kingdom, that the ship or vejfel out of or are liable to from which any goods, vaares, or merchandize, fall be fo unshipped, fors.iture for landed, or relanded, should also be Jubjest.and liable to fors.iture: be be*n£ unship. theres.re enaeste., That where by this present a£t, or any other fds also to be or a^s Par^ament *n force on or immediately before the liable.  thirty-firs.  day of Auguji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

nine,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IIT. c. 59.  257

nine, any goods, wares, or merchandize which have been shipped in order to be exported to foreign parts, are or (hall be liable to fors.iture for or on account of the fame being unshipped at sea, or landed in the istands.f Guernfey, Jerse., Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro, or relanded in this kingdom, then, and in such cases, the (hip or vessel out of or from which any such goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be fo unshipped, landed, or relanded, shal. be subject and liable to fors.iture, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and {hall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the cu (loins.

XV.  And be it further enacted, That no goods, wares, or ^?re‘

merchandize whatever, which (hall have been lodged or secured  ex-

in warehouses according to the regulations of this ad, (hall af- ported to any terwards be exported, or entered for exportation, to any part of part of Europe, from any such warehouse or warehouses, in any (hip or Eu™Pe» ’j1 vessel whatever which (hall not be of the burthen of one hundred JjjJj j °otonSs tons or upwards.  burthenj

XVI.  And be it further enabled, That no wrought silks, nor any fe]*zecj Bengals, or fluffs mixed with silk or herba, of the manus.dure wrought silks, of Ferfia, China, or Eajl India, nor any callie.es printed, dyed, &c. after being painted, or stained there, which (hall have been or (hall be seized ^fto^luxife under the authority of any a61 or ads of parhame.t relating to jn Great.

the revenue of customs, (hall, after sale thereof at any custom tain, house in Great Britain, be exported, or entered for exportation to any part of Europe, in any ship or vessel which shal. not be of the burthen of one hundred tons or upwards.

XVII.  Provided always, That when any such goods, wares, Seized goods or merchandize, which have been or (hall be fo seized, (hall be to be exported intended for exportation, and the fame (hall be in any Port Eonc*ori of Great Britain, other than the port of London, it shal. not be

laws.l to export such goods, wares, or merchandize, from any such port, but that the fame shal. be removed, according to the laws and regulations now in force to the port of London, and shal. be exported from the said port of London only.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Prize goods goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, production, or ma- the^lik^^ nufacture.of £/;/«# or the East Indies, taken and condemned as prize, duties, and shal. be subject to such duties, and entitled to such drawbacks, entitled to the as the like forts of goods are reste..ively subject and entitled to h^e draw-by this ad when imported by the said united company, and shal. backs, as

be subject and liable alfp to all and every the additional regular ported by the lations and restrictions enjoined and required by this ad; and company are that all goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, produc- by this a6t; tion, or manus.dure of India or China, or other parts within the ?nd al[°??oc*s limits of the exclull.e trade of the said united company, im- virtue of any-ported or brought into this kingdom by virtue or under the a6t in force pa authority of any a6l or ads of parhame.t in force on and imme- August.31, diately before the said thirty-firs. day of August.one thousand I 7?9* seven hundred and ninety-nine, (hall be subject to such duties,

Vox. XLII.  $  and

A<ft not to alter duties payable to the city of London, &C.J

and entitled to such drawbacks, as the like forts of goods, wares, or merchandize, are subj.bl and entitled to by this a6l when imported by the laid united company, and shall be alio subj.br and liable to all and every the additional regulations and restrictions enjoined and required by this a 61.

XIX, Provided likewise, That nothing in this a61 contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or in any-wife alter the duties of package, fcavage, bailia.e, or portage, or any other duties payable to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or to the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, or to any other city or town corporate within the kingdom of Great Britain, or to any special privilege or exemption to which any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, is or are now entitled by law, but the fame shall be continued as aforesaid.

nor to allow importation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, of any goods contrary to acts in force

nor 38 Geo. 3.  XX. Provided also, That nothing in this aft contained shall.

c-  extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or in anywise vary

or alter the said recited act of the last session of parhame.t, during the continuance thereof.

XXI.  Provided likewise, That nothing in this a& contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever to be imported into, or-exported from Great Britain, in any way or manner contrary to any a6t or a6fs of parhame.t in force on and immediately before the laid thirty-firs. day of August.one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except in any cafe where provision is expressly on August.31, made for that purpose in this adh

-799*  XXII.  And  be it further enabled. That the duties of custom.

Duties to be by this a6i imposed shall be under the management of the com-na^ement^f" m^10ners °f the customs in England for the time being; and the co men if-  the monies arising from time to time by the several du-

fioners of cuf-ties by this a61 imposed (the necestar. charges of railing and toms, and to accounting for the fame resp.btively excepted) shall from time the^xche110 t0 i]me  ^nt0 t^‘e rece'Pt or" his Majesty’s exchequer at

IVejhninjler; and the said money, fo paid in as aforesaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the conlolidated fund.

XXIII. And be it further enabled, That it shall and may he laws.l to and for the commis.loners of his Majesty’s customs, and they are hereby authorised and required, to make such allowane. to the persons who are at present employ.d.in the fer-vice of the customs, whole incomes shall be reduced by the operation of this a61, in lieu of and by way of compensation and satis.ablion for the fame, as they in their disere.ion shall judge necestar., and fo order or direct; any thing in this prelent a6t, or any other a61 or acts contained to the contrary notwithstand.

quer.

CommiiTion-ers of the customs may co m pen fate their officers asse.fed by this ad.

Duties and XXIV. And be it further enabled. That the duties and draw-b^mana^ed0  cu^oms  hereby  imposed  and  allowed,  shall and may be

as former du- managed, aseer.ained, raised, levied, collect.ed, answered, paid, ties and draw- secured, recovered, and allowed in fjach and the like manner backs, &c. * and in and by any and either of the ways, means, and methods*

fo

1798-] Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii HI. c* 59.  259

fo far as the fame are applie.ble to this adl, by which any of the duties or drawbacks of customs on goods, wares, or merchandize, imposed and payable by any act or adls of parhame.t in force on and immediately before the passing of this adl, were or might be managed, aseer.ained, raised, levied, collected, answer.ed, paid, secured, recovered, and allowed; and the goods wares, or merchandize fo by this act made chargeable with the said duties of custom.} and on which the drawbacks are allowed, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrict.ons, penalties,and fors.itures, to which any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties or drawbacks of customs are imposed or payable, were subj.edl and liable by any adl or adls of parhame.t in force on and immediately before the palling of this adl; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or fors.iture, for any offence whatever committed again!! or in breach of any adl or adls of parhame.t in force on and immediately before the palling of this adl, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation and improyemen. thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions, therein contained, shall, and are hereby direct.ed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put into execution, for and in respect. of the duties or drawbacks of customs hereby charged and allowed, as far as the fame are applie.ble thereto, in as full and ample a manner to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said adls, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, pains, penalties, and fors.itures, were particulari. repeated and re-enacted.in the body of this present adt.

XXV.  And be it further enacted, That all penalties incur- Penalties may-red by this act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and^ifposed.and disposed of in such manner, and by such ways, means, and ofastheymay methods, as any penalties incurred for any offence against the now be* laws of customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers coneer.ed in prosecutions under this adl, shall be entitled to and receive such.

share.of the produce a-rising.from any pecuniary line or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this adl, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXVI.  And be it further enacted, That if any action or fuit Limitation <?f shall be brought or commeneed.against any person or person.

for any thing done or performed in purs.anceof this adl, such action or fuit shall be commeneed.within three calendar months next after the fad! committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or fuit may plead the general issue, and may give this act and the special matter in evidene. at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for thq defendant or defendants in such action or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or dise.ntinue his or their action or fuit r$ %  after

260  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. 59. [1798.

after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement (hall be given against the plaintiff or Treble colts* plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cases.to recover cods by law.

A<ft may be XXVII* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That altered or re- this a61, or any part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, ■fess.on thlS bY any a& or a(^s to made in this present session of parhame.t.

TABLE A.

Duty.

£- *• d-

Arrangoes.—For every ioo/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods shall have been fold at the publick sales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value. -  -  53  9  I

Callie.es.—viz.

----Plain white callie.es, the piece -  -  —  6  8

---- For such of the said goods which shall be exported

from this kingdom, having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, therein, the piece

N. B. No piece of callie. of the breact. of one yard and one quarter, or under, shall exceed in length ten yards, and no piece of callie. above thath.eamh (hall exceed fix yards y and if any piece of callie. shall exceed those lengths, the fame shall be charged according to the re-sped.ive lengths of ten yards and fix yards for each piece, and shall pay duty for the fame in that proportion for any greater or less quantity.

------ And  besides  for  every  ioo/. of the true and real

value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods shall have been fold at the pub-lick sales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value -  20  19  I

------ The  drawback  of  the  last  mentioned  fur-

ther duty of 20/. J9A id. to be allowed on the exportation of such of those goods which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in this kingdom, shall be, for every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods shall have been fold at the publick sales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in th^t proportion for any greater or less value -China Ware.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which

Drawback.

£• St d.

20 19 I such

179^•] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.

Duty.

£. *:\d.

such.goods (hall have been fold at the publick sales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value -  109  8  6

Cotton Manus.ctures, not otherwise particulari. enumerated or desc.ibed.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods (hall have been fold at the publick Tales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value 122 4  5

Cowries.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods (hall have been fold at the publick Tales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value -  53  9  1

Di MITY.—viz*

----Plain white dimity, the yard -  -  -  —  2  —

---- For such of the said goods which (hall be exported.from this kingdom, having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, therein the yard — -And besides for every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods (hall have been fold at the pub-lick sales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value -  22  3  6

~— The drawback of the last mentioned further duty of 22/. 31. 6d. to be allowed on the exportation of such of thole goods, which lhall have been printed, stain.el, painted, and dyed, in this kingdom, (hall be for every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods (hall have been fold at the pub-lick sales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lets value Drugs, manus.ctured, not otherwise particulari. enumerated or described,—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods (hall have been fold at the publick laics of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value 78 11 5 Drugs, unmanus.ctured, not otherwise particulari. enumerated or desc.ibed.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods shal. have been fold at

5 3

261

Drawback.

i 8

20 3 2

tue

£61  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii HI. c. 59. [1798.

Drawback.

10

Duty.

the publick sales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value 51 14. I0 jAPANNEDor Lacquered Wares.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such such goods shall have been fold at the publick sales of the united company of mereliant. of E?igland tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value -  -  -  -  119

Muslins plain, nanquin cloth, muslin. or white cal-licoes stowe.ed or stitched.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods shall have been fold at the publick sales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value 19 13 9

•---'For every 100 /. of the true and real value of such

of tire said goods which shall be exported from this kingdom, having been printed, (rained, painted, or dyed therein -Sugar.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods shall have been fold at the publick sales of the united company, of mereliant. of England, tracting.to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value ----And besides for every one hundred weight containing H2lb. -  -  -  -  —

Manus.ctured Goods, wares, and merchandize, not otherwise enumerated or described, not being exempt from duty,and not being particulari. charged with duty when imported by the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies.*—For every ico/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods shall have been fold at the publick sales of the said company, and in that proportion for any greater or less value -  -  -  -  -71

Unmanus.ctured Goods, wares, and merchandize, (except tea), not otherwise enumerated or described, not being exempt from duty, and not being particulari. charged with duty when imported by the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies.—For every 100/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross prie. at which such goods shall have been fold at the publick sales of the said company.

£■ s- ti-

ll 16 3

12 9 4

4 4

and in

value

that proportion for any greater or less.

45

CAP.

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60/  263

CAP. LX.

An act for raifimg the sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.—[June 21, 1799.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subj.bts, the com- Preamble.

mons of Great Britain in parhame.t astem.led, being defrrous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chears.lly granted to your Majesty in this section of parhame.t, have re-l'olved that the sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds be railed by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned; and do theres.re most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority of the fame, That every contributor towards Everycontri-raising.the laid sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand butor ofiool. pounds, shall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, ^principal be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds, in con- of 100I. and solid.ted annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per 25I. in the annum, and to an additional principal sum of twenty-five pounds 3 per cent, in like annuities; and also to a further principal sum of fist. a^rinciptl'of pounds in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per 50p \n the centum per annum, redeemable by parhame.t; the said several 3 per cent, conlblidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum reduced, per annum, to commence from the fist. day of fiuly one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said reduced annuity, alter the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fist. day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum respectively, in respect of each one hundred pounds fo to be contributed as aforeiaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the consolidated fund, and shall be payable and transfer rable at the bank of England; and the laid consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, (hall be paid half-yearly, on the fist. day of January and the fist. day of July in every year ; and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, (hall be paid half-yearly, on the tenth day of Oftober and the fist. day of April in every year.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions exprejfed in the said resolution, several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose,fulferibed together the whole of the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annultes; and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the rejpest.ve Jurns by them fo subs.ribed to the said sum of fist.en miilion.

c* 4

filU

2,64

Contributors who have made depolit. to pay the remainder of subscriptions ' by inital.jnents.

Contributors poss.lfe. of exchequer bills under 38 Geo. 3. c 90. may pay the fame in part of lubscription, beyond the amount of the instalment dqe.

Guardians ?my subs.iibe for infants.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60, [1798.

five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities, with the cash.ers of the governor and company of the bank ^England ; be it theres.re enabled, That it (hall and may be laws.l to and for such contributors, who have made such deposits with the cashier or cash.ers of the governor and company of the bank of England, (which cashier or cash.ers,is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that belial.), to advane. and pay unto thesaid.cashier or cash.ers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the feverai remainders of the sums.y them respectively subs.ribed towards the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that belial.; (that is to fay), The further sum of fist.en pounds per centum on or before the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine ; the further sum of fist.en pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of Augujl then next following; the further sum of fist.en pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of September then next following ; the further sum of fist.en pounds per centum * on or before the twenty-second.day of October then next following; the further sum of fist.en pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-second.day of November then next following; and the remaining sum of fist.en pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of December then next following.

III.  And be it further enabled. That every contributor to the said loan of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, who shall be possessed of any exchequer bill or bills, made out by virtue of an aft pafied in the last session of parhame.t, intituled, An a£l for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one miilion.for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for theservice.of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety'eight; for further appropriating the supplies granted in thiss.ss.rt of parhame.t; andfor making forth duplie.tes of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certifie.tes, receipts, annuity orders or or other orders, lojl, burnt, or cther.ije destroyed ; and who shall pay in the whole of the sums by them resp.blively subs.ribed, (hall be at liberty to payor deliver in, in part of such payments, any of the said exchequer bills, to the extent of such sums as shall then be paid beyond the amount of the instalment due from such persons on the sums by them respectively lubferibed towards the said Joan ; and all such exchequer bills shall be received in discharge of such parts of the said loan as aforesaid.

IV.  And be it further enabled. That it shall and may be laws.l for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advane.ng the said sum of fist.en milions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid ; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subs.ribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the njeu.ingof this aft, and be -entitled to have and receive the

annuities*

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60.  265

annuities, advantages, and payments, in respec.t thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums fo advaneed.is hereby discharged, fo as the name of such infant he expres.ed in the receipt or receipts for such money.  \

V.  And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying £>;fCOunttobe in the whole of the sums by them respectively lubscribed.in allowed on respect of the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand payment of pounds, to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time on or before thj whole of the twenty-firs. day of November one thousand seven hundred and tionsUinCn^~ ninety-nine, {hall be entitled to an allowane. of fo much money advane..

as the interest of each sum fo paid in advane. for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively (hall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame, to the twentieth day of 'December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; which allowane. is to be paid by the said cashier or casti.ers out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respect.ive contributors, their executors, administrators, fuccefiors, and afiigns, (hall have completed such payment.

VI.  And be it further enacted. That the several subscribers or Contributors

contributors, their executors, administrators, fucceftors, and  to

afiigns, in resp.£t of the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred it^est'which11* thousand pounds, shall be entitled to an annuity, after the rate of shall be paid three pounds per centum, for every one hundred pounds by him, half-yearly, her or them respect.vely advaneed.and paid; and also to an an- but not till nuity, after the like rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of are

the said additional principal sum of twenty-five pounds, to pkted. commence from the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by parhame.t in manner here-in-after mentioned ; and shall also be entitled in resp.es.of every such one hundred pounds fo advaneed.and paid to a further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the additional principal sum of fist. pounds, from the fist. day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by parhame.t in manner herein-after mentioned; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum respect.ively, shall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay),

The said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fist. day of January and the fist. day of Julym every year ; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October and the fist. day of April in every year; the first payment upon the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fist. day of January one thousand eight hundred, and on the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of O5lober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; but (hall not be payable until the re-fpe&ive subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns, (hall have completed the whole of

the

As soon as iubscrip.ions arecompleted they may be transferred.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. [1798, the sums by them subscribed for the pure.ase of the said annuities.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contributors, their executors, administrators, fucceftors, or afiigns, ’{hall have completed their payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable in refjped of the several consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they respectively shall become entitled, in respect of such subscriptions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England., placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, fucceftors, and afiigns, completing such payments respectively *, and as soon as such contributors, their executors, administrators, fucceftors, or asti.ns, shall have completed the payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, as (hall be payable in respect of the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, the principal sum or sums in the said reduced annuities (hall forthwith be in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, fuccefiors, and afiigns, completing such payments ; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be fo placed, their respective executors, administrators, fucceftors, and afiigns, shall and may have power to afiigti and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank ot England; and the said governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the palling of this ad, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of all such contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal sums fo paid by them respectively; and that such of the (aid contributors, their executors, administrators, fucceftors, or afiigns, who (hall complete the payments of such parts of the whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable in respect of any or either of the said respective annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England shall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this ad, shall be entitled to have the sums fo paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of.the bank of England; and the said governor and company are hereby required to cause such sums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof, in the books of the said bank of England; and such entries in the said books (hall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all sums paid in manner aforesaid ; and such sums shall carry the consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per

centum

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60.  267

centum per Annum, respectively, redeemable by parhame.t; and (hall respectively be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this acl, until redemption thereof in such manner as is herein-after mentioned.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Contributors and every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their ex-

ecutors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall have subscriptions paid into the hands of the said cashier or calli.ers the whole of a9 herein fpe-his, her, or their contribution money, in respect to the said re- cified, to be duced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum.) on or before the seventh day of October one' thousand ta-n ,,eri0(j^ * seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be entitled to have and re- 1 ceive on the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, at the bank of England, the half year’s annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, that shall become due on the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that all and every person or persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments, on or before the said seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, on completing the fame within the time in this a£f prese.ibed, be entitled to receive the half-year’s annuity, on each of the said several annuities by this ad granted, or to be granted, from the fist. day of July and the fist. day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, respect.ively as the fame shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this n6l.

IX.  And be it further enabled, That all the annuities afore- Annuities

said.shall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the bank payable and of England; and shall be fubiedt to such redemption as is herein- transferrable after mentioned.  at the bank-

X.  Andy for the more cafy and fare payment of all the several.

annuities efablished.by this aft, be it further enacted. That Bank to ap-the said governor and company of the bank of England, and P°*nt a ca^ier their successors, shall from time to time, until all the said aenewT" annuities shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more and the trea-fuss.cient person or persons, within their office in the city of fury to order London, to be their chies.or fil'd cashier or cash.ers, and one  to^e

other sufficient person, within the fame office, to be their ac- cash.erfor C countant general; and that fo much of the monies by this a£l payment of appropriated for the purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to the annuities, time to answer the said several and respective annuities, and other payments, herein dire.led to be made out of the said monies,

shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that belial., from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said fir ft or chies.cashier or cash.ers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest.

and

Cash.er to give receipts for lubscrip.tions, which may be aligned before Kov. 21,1799.

:6S Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. 60. [1798-0

and upon account* for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this aft; and that such cash.er or calli.ers, to whom the said money {hall from time to time be issued, (hall from time to time without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant general for the time being, (hall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cash.ers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligene., or delay.

XI.  And be it further enacted. That the cash.er or calli.ers of the governor and company of the bank of England, who {hall have received, or shall receive, any part of the said contributions towards the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thou-sand.pounds, (hall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all such sums; and that the receipts to be given (hall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the twenty-firs. day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer: provided always,

Cafhier to give That such cash.er or calli.ers (hall give security to the good security for liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, mone^he^e or  treasurer  for  the  time being, for duly answering and

ceives into the PaTng *lnro receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the pub-cxchequer. lick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereast.r receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performane. of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they (hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the sarthe.t, into and shall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deduct.ng thereout such sums as (hall have been paid by hitn or them in pursuance of this aft, for which sums fo paid allowane. (hall be made in his or their accounts.

XII.  And be it enacted. That in the office of the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered \

„ contri- which book or books the said respective contributors, their re-a cfiirlic^teCS> ^Pe<^*ve executors, administrators, successors, and afllgns, shall whereof to be ar,d ma7 fr°m time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to transmitted tc and inspect without any fee or charge; and that the said ac-the auditor countant general shall, on or before the fist. day of July one of the exche- thous.ne. eight hundred, transmit an attested duplie.te, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That such contributors, duly paying the whole sum fo subs.ribed at or before the respective times in this aft limited in that belial., and their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have, receive,

and

A bock to be kept in the accountant general’s office, for en-terin

quer.

Contributors duly paying their subs.rip tions entitled to annuities tax free.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6©.  269

and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this a61, to have, receive, and enjoy, the (aid several annuities, by this a& granted in re-sped. of the sum fo fubscribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this feflion.of parhame.t for payment thereof, and (hall have good and fare interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this a£f contained, and that the said several annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XIV.  Provided always, That in cafe any such contributors, who Subscrip.ions-

have already deposited with, or shall hereast.r pay to the said pa*d m

n-  •  r  r  r  c  r,  y  .  .  *  and not com-

calli.er or calbiers any sum or sums of money at the time and in p]etecj, to be

the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums fors.ited, fo by them respectively fubscribed, or their respective executors, admin ;ftrators, fuccefiors, or assigns, shall not advane. and pay to the said cashier or cash.ers, the residue of the sum or sums fo subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such cafe fo much of the respective sum or sums fo fubscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cash.ers, shall be fors.ited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished ; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV.  And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall be Annuities to entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the be deemed said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, and

all persons laws.lly claiming under them, dial) be poste.led thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be deseen.ible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attact.me.t by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or cuitom, to the contrary not-withstanding.

XVI.  And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be Treasur. may laws.l for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or ^ppty

the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply from "h/exche-* ° time to time all such sums of money as shall be fo paid into the quer. receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the said cashier or cash.ers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parhame.t.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That books shall be con- Accountant slant.y kept by the said accountant general for the time being, ?ener^ ^ wherein all assignments or transfers of all sums advaneed.or entering contributed towards the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred transfers, thousand pounds, shall be entered and registered; which entry

(hall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respect.ive attorney or attorneys thereunto laws.lly authorised, in writing under his or their hand and sea., or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnestes; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their ac-

- ceptance

Treasur. may defray incidental ex-pences out of contributions, and allow salaries to the cashier and accountant general.

Anno regni tricesimo n6no Georgii III. c. 6b. [i 798.

ceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law : provided always. Stocks may be That all persons possessed of any share or interest in either of evi ed.  the said hocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may

devis. the fame by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses ; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until fo much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interect, in the said flocks of annuities be entered in the said office; and that in desau.t of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interect, in the laid flocks of annuities, lhall go to the executors, administrators, fucceftors, and assigns; Transfers not and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of duties"0 ^ami) *alC* trans^ers > any law or statute to the contrary notwith-standing.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That out of the monies arising from the contributions towards railing the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds by annuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this adt, in such manner as to them (hall seem just and reasonable ; and also to sett.e and appoint such allowane.s as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cash.ers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the consolidated fund, such further allowane.s as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains and labour of the said cashier or cash.ers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act ; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this acl; all which allowane.s to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, (hall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XIX.  And be it further enabled. That all the monies to ^dtei*Cthis°aa w^ch anY Perf°n or persons shall become entitled by virtue of to be added to this abl, in respect of any sum advaneed.or contributed towards the joint (lock the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, of 3I. per cent. on which the said annuities first mentioned, after the rate of consol..; three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be

added to the joint flock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by several adls made in the twenty-fist., twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent adls, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parhame.t, in such manner, and upon fijch notice as in the said adt made in the

twenty*

The 3I. per cent, consol..

27I

1798.] Anno regm tricesimo nono Georgii HI. c. 60. twenty-fist. year of his said late Majesty’s reign, is directed in re-fpe£t of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said adl; and that all and every person and persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (lie, or they (hall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this a£l, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional in-teres.: and (hare in the said joint dock of annuities at the rates a fore said.

XX.  And be it further enacted, That all thp monies to The 3I. per which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of ^^ ^dedto this aft, in respec.l of any sum advaneed.or contributed towards the joint (lock the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, of 3I. per cent, on which the said annuity lafi mentioned, after the rate of three reduced, pound per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint flock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England,, which by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum, to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint flock of annuities, subj.cfl never-theless.to redemption by parhame.t, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several a£fs by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were reste..ively granted, are direct.eJ in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this a6t, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional in-terect.and (hare in the said joint flock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XXL And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Perfons coun-(bns (hall forge or counters.it, or cause or procure to be forged ceipts for Conor counters.ited, or shall willingly acfl or assist in the forging or tributions, &c. counters.iting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any guilty of part or parts of, the said contributions towards the said sum of felony, fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inferred therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counters.ited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons fo forging or counters.iting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counters.ited, or willingly acfling or assisting in the forging or counters.iting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fufter death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bank to con-said.governor and company of the bank of England, and their t,nu^.a

'  '  fucceirors,porat,ontll!

h ;tec. 1 

2JZ

the annuities ' hereby granted cease.

No fee to be taken for receiving contributions, cr paying or transferring annuities, on penalty of 20I.

The treasury may before Dec. 20,1799, raise three miilion. by exchequer bills on credit of loan, tobe madeout agreeably to 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. and ligned by the auditor.

Anno regni tricefuno nono Georgit III. c. 60. [1798.

successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the afts for estab.ilhing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this aft, until all the annuities by this aft granted shall.e redeemed by parhame.t as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any disability.for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this aft.

XXIII.  And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s subjects, for receiving or paying the said subs.ription or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt coneer.ing the fame, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this aft, upon pain that any officer or per-fon offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, fors.it the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieyed, with full costs of fuit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlmivjler, wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction or order of re-strain., or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV.  Provided always, and be it enacted, That in cafe the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or any three or more of them now or for the time being, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall judge it advise.ble to raise any sum not exceeding the sum of three miilion., at any time previous to the twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on the credit of the loan hereby granted, it shal. and may be laws.l for the said commissioners and lord high treasurer respectively, at any time or times before the said twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to prepare or make, or cause to be prepared or made, at the ex. chequer, any number of new exchequer bills, not exceeding in exchequer bills current at the fame time, the sum of three miilion., in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, (except where other directions for making out the fame are contained and particulari. expressed in this act), as in and by an aft of this present session of parhame.t, intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum^ cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, are enacted and prese.ibed coneer.ing the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said aft: provided always, That every such exchequer bill shall and may be ftgned by the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, or in his name, by any per-fon duly authorised by the said auditor to sign the fame, with the approbation of the lords commissioners of the treasury, in writing under their hands, or of any three or more of them.

XXV. And

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60.  273

XXV.  And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers of clauses, provisoes, powers, privilegeis, advantages, penalties, for- 39^0.3.e.a. feitures, and disabilities contained in the said last mentioned aft, chequed bills" relating to the exchequer bills authorised to be made by the said extended to aft, (except as herein mentioned), (hall be applied and extended those made

to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this aft, as under thisadt. fully and esse.tually to all intents and purposes* as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last.mentioned aft, or as if the said several provisoes and clauses had been particulari. repeated and re-enacted.in the body of this aft.

XXVI.  And be it further enacted, That the exchequer bills Exchequer to be made out in pursuance of this aft (hall and .may bear anan^nterect.* interest not exceeding the rate of three-pence halfpenny per cen- not exceeding turn per diem upon or in respect of the whole of the monies re- -^d, pereen., fpest.vely contained therein, and that all such exchequer bills per diem, and shall be receiveable as money in payment for any publick taxes, three months to the receipt of any branch of the revenue at any time after the ^received in expiration of three months from the date of every such bill re- payment of fpest.vely, and (hall also be receivable as money in any iqstal. taxes, of any ment of the loan hereby granted, which (hall become payable instalment of after the expiration of three months from the date of every such the oan*

bill resp.st.veiy, and that no exchequer bills (hall be issued on the whale, receivable in any one instalment,to a greater amount than the sum which (hall remain,due on account of such instalment at the time of the issue of any such exchequer bill respec.tively.

XXVII.  And be it further enacted, That all and every the The bank to said exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, when

and as the fame (hall become payable, (hall and may be received reiving ex^" •and taken by the said calli.er or casti.ers at the bank of England, chequer bills from any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, in payment of making any payments there, for or upon account of any part the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds; f”m^with the and the said casti.er or cash.ers (hall, upon receipt of any such principal, exchequer bills in payment as aforesaid, compute and mark the interest due on such bills resp.st.veiy, and the amount of the principal contained in such bills, and the interest computed and marked^thereon as aforesaid, and (hall allow and receive the fame as ready money, and (hall pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer as cash on account of the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, to be railed by virtue of this aft; and in cafe any such cashier or cash.ers (hall refuse or neg-left to receive any such bill or bills, and to allow the principal and interest thereupon, to be computed and marked as aforesaid, as ready money, in payment on account of the said sum of fist.en miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, then the person delivering the fame may bring an aft ion on the cafe for the damages sustained thereby; and the plaintiff in every such action may recover his full damages sustained thereby, with full costs of fuit, in which action no elfoin, privilege, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

V OlXLII.  T  XXVIII. Pro-

274  Annoregni  tricesimo nono Georgii fll.c. 61. [1798.

Exchcqeur XXVIII. Provided always, and be it sarthe. enabled, That no be receivedb exc^eclaer hill t0 he rnade forth by virtue of this a<ft, (hall be any receiver Pa*d, received, or taken by, or pass or be current with, any col-of the reve- le<3or or receiver of any revenue, aid, supply, or tax whatever, nue, till in payable to his MajeOy, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt °* Pay~ of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corpoate, (other-wife or on any other account than for the discharging and cane.lling of such exchequer bill, in cafe the fame shall be in due course or order of payment), nor shall any action be maintained against any such collector or receiver, for negleet.ng or refusing to receive any such exchequer bill, nor against any officer of the receipt of the exchequer, for neglect.ng or refusing to receive the fame before the day on which the fame shall be made payable in pursuance of this acf.

Perfons sued.e XXIX, And be it further enabled, That if any person or ^nerall.sue.6 Per^°ns shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this aeft, such person or persons {hall and may plead the general issue, and give ihis a6\ and the special matter in evidene., in his, her, or their defence or defences ; and if afterwards a verdibl (hall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall dise.ntinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise. Treble cost.. then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs award-- ed to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. LXI.

An act to repeal the duty granted by an aft of the la ft session of par-It ament on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king p/Trussia, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom; and for charging another duty in lieu thereof\—[June 21, 1799.]

Preamble,  \T7 HERE AS by an act,  passed in the la ft fess.on of parhame.t,

38 Geo. 3.  VV intituled, An a£t for  the better protection of the trade of

c. 76, recited, this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of cuf-toms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain (hips entering outwards or inwards, to or from foreign parts, until the signing the prelish.nary articles of peace; among/}. other things, a duty of three Jhillings the hundred pounds is imposed on the importation of raiv linen yarn : and whereas it is expect.ent to repeal the said duty on raw linen yarn, known by the names fl/'Ermland Yarn, Lithuania Yarn, and Tow Yarn, being the production of <jny of the territories or dominions of his majesty the king of Prussia, and imported into this kingdom directly from any part of the said territories or dominions; and to impose in lieu thereof a duty of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of such raw linen yarn fo imported: be it theres.re enaeste. by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirkual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t asse.bied, and by the authority of the fame, That, from

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62.  275

and after the twentieth day of May one thousand seven hundred From May ao, and ninety-nine, the duty imposed by the said recited ad on rawimposed.linen yarn, known by the names of Ermland Tarh, Lithuatiia the recited Yarn, and Yow Yarn, being the production of any of the territories a6t on raw or dominions of his majesty the king of Prujfia, and imported into },nen yarn this kingdom directly from any part of the said territories or do- ^^e^nt0 minions, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, (save.and ex- peaiea| cept in all cases.relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or fors.iture, relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any tirne before the palling of this ad).

II.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said a^d instead twentieth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety- {^alUie \evied nine, in lieu and in .stead.of the said duty hereby repealed, there 3j, for every shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his iool. of the heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount what- value of the ever, upon the importation of such raw linen yarn, being the pro- import-dudion of any of the territories or dominions of his majesty the

king of Prujfia, and imported into this kingdom directly from any part of the said territories or dominions, a duty of customs of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of such raw linen yarn fo imported.

III.  And be it further enacted, That the value of such raw ^afclrta^ed linen yarn fo imported, shall be aseer.ained by such rules and regu- by tjie regU_ lations, and the goods shall be subject and liable to such and the like lations, and conditions, reftridons, fors.itures, and penalties, as are prese.ibed, the goods to directed, and imposed, by the said recited ad in the cafe of goods j?h/comotions imported into this kingdom from Europe, and thereby subject to prese.ibed by duty according to the value thereof; and that the duties by this the recited ad in>posed.shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, ad, See. paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and

the like manner, and in and by the like ways, means, or methods, as the duties of customs imposed on goods imported into this kingdom from Europe, and which are subject to duty according to the value thereof, are by the said recited ad managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That this ad shall have con- Continuance tinuance during such time as the said recited ad shall remain in of the ad. force, and no longer.

CAP. LXII.

An aft to amend an aft made in the thirtyseven.h year of the reign of his present Majesty, and two afts made in the la ft session of par -hame.t, for raising a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain calied.Scotland.—[June 21, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an aft passed in the thirty-seven.h year of the Preamble.

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ad to raise and 37 ^eo* 3* embody a militia force in that p^rt of the kingdom of Great0, io3* Britain, calied.Scotland, his Majest.. lieutenant for each county,

Jlewartry, cityy or place, within Scotland, was author fed, in manner

T 2  .  therein

276 Anno fegni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62. [1798.

therein dir eft ed, to cause fair and true UJis to be made out in writing of all the men vfually and at that time dwelling within their respective parish.s and places, between the ages of nineteen and twenty-three in-clust.e; from zvhicb lifts, amended and returned as by the aforesaid aft directed, the severe. regiments of militia now serving Scotland have fuice been bailot.ed and embodied: and whereas the original lifts are in Jever.l places exhaujled, and in others reduced to fo ftnail a number as to bear hard upon fucb parish.s and places\ and it is expect.ent and jujl that such perj'ons as have fmee attained their nineteenth year Jhould have their names ineluded.in the lifts of persons liable to serve in the militia; and it has been found from experience that the aforesaid period is too limited; may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be ena<5ted; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-I-tis Majesty's ment assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That his Ma-lieutenant, jest.’s lieutenant for each county, stewart.y, city, or place, toge-with tjoor ther with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death lieutenants/ or removal, or in the absene. of his Majesty’s lieutenant, the &c. to meet deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall, on the on Aug. 1, ^ ftrft day of August.one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, r^Hibto^e meet at t^le feme borough or principal town of the county, stew.made out of artry, or place, where they hitherto have usually.met for the pur-men from 19 poles of the militia and (hall in like manner and form, as to 30 years of directed by the aforesaid axft, proceed to illue directions for mak-

nam^rfo^be^ OUt ^air anc* true *n wr^n§ °f ah the men usual.y and putintoabox at*that time dwelling within their resp.Chve pars.he. and places, in which the from and after the age of nineteen years complete, and not exceeding the age of thirty years complete , and such lifts, being afterwards amended as the cafe may require, and in the fame mode and under the/ame regulations as is by the aforesaid a<ft prese.ibed, the laid lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more deputy lieutenants, together, with any one or more justices of the'peace laws.lly af-sembled.in a general meeting to be held for that purpose, shall declare the laid lift fo made up and amended to be the lift of persons liable to serve in the militia, and (hall cause the names of all the militia men in each parish, written or printed on dif-tinest.pieces of paper, being all as near as may be of equal ftze, and rolied.up in the fame manner, to be put into the box or other velTel, in which the names of all persons at present liable to serve in the militia have been ineluded, there to remain until a fresh bailot.Ihall take place in such parish or place, as prese.ibed and directed by the aforesaid aCf.

II.  And whereas it may sometimes happen, that persons alied.ed to be liable, in pursuance of this present at7, to serve in the militia, but entitled, on account of age or other special ground of exemption, to have their names Jlruck out of the militia lift, may, from ignorance or excusable negleet. fail 10 come forward in due time to fate the fame to’ the fubdivifton meeting appointed for amending and making up such lifts, and thereby become liable to serve in the militia, provide a fub-ignoranc^not J^liute-> or pay the penalty *, be it enacted, That it shall be laws.l for claiming ex- such persons failing or negleet.ng as aforesaid, within three calendar

names of the persons at present liable to serve are ineluded, till a fresh bailot.ihall take place.

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62.  277

lendar months from the day on which such subdivision meeting emption at aforesaid has been held, to (late by petition such cause or ex-emption to a general meeting of lieutenants and justices of the may within * county, stewart.y, city, or place, who are hereby authorised and three months, empowered, if they (hall fee cause, to order the name of such apply to a ge-person.to be struck out of the militia lift, and his name to be taken out of the bailot.box: provided always, That the said lieu- ^er°th^fry °r" tenants or justices, assembled as aforesaid, (hall be empowered, names to be and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at the fame struck out of time that they {hall allow such cause of exemption, to impose tIie *^ebut and levy from such person such fine as they may judge, upon the whole circumstane. of the cafe, adequate to the negleet. of the individual, such fine in no cafe to exceed the sum of ten pounds sterling; which sum the said general meeting are hereby authorised and directed to apply to the purpose of providing substitutes, in like manner as they are directed by this and the other militia acts to apply the penalties of persons bailot.ed, but reesing.to serve or provide a fubstir.te: provided al fo, That no such person (hall have his name struck out of the said lift, or taken from the bailot.box, until he (hall have paid into the hands of the clerk of the said meeting the fine awarded against him.

III.  And whereas it has been found fro?n experience, that the penalty of ten pounds ferling, directed to be paid by persons bailot.ed, but refusing to serve, or to find subs.lutes in their room, has proved in-fuss.cient to enable the deputy lieutenants to provide substitute. for them, and doubts have arisen in that cafe as to the mode of applying and accounting for the said penalties', be it theres.re enacted, That the The general said lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, and justices, alsembled.in a the^r general meeting held in pursuance of this or any other ad or clerk to make ads now in force respecting the militia, (hall order the clerk of up an account the said meeting to make up an account of all the penalties in- °* curred within the said county, stewart.y, city, or place, and shall ^ou^eto b<f direct the amount of the fame to be forthwith, and as quickly applied in as post.ble, applied in providing (fo far as it will go), substitutes providing to serve in the militia; and where the total amount of such substitutes $ penalties {hall be found inadequate to the purpose of providing the full number of substitutes required, it (hall be laws.l for the provide the said general meeting, and they are hereby authorised and em- the whole, powered to ailot.the said substitutes fo provided to the several they (hall ailot.deficient parishes from which the aforesaid penalties arise, as far ed^n^dhed as post.ble, and that either by bailot.ing which of the said parishes a bailot.by {hall be relieve..by the ailot.ent of the said substitutes, or in the parishes such other mode as {hall appear to the said general meeting just they ftiall de-and equitable, and best calculated for laying the burthen of pro- clare hab.le

•J*  L  *  ■  1  r  n-n  \r'  ,,  td* the Ckfi-

vidmg the remaining number or men it til deficient as equally as ciel.Cy. post.ble over the said parishes, and shall proceed to order and di-rets. a bailot.to be held in the fame manner and form as prese.red-by the said a£ts, by such parishes as they (hall declare or appoint to remain still liable to make good the deficiencies : provided always, That the commanding officers of the respect.tive Commanding regiments of militia ftiall be, and they are hereby empowered, at utjaregiments the end of every three months from and after the fil'd day of may every

t3  Augits.

21%

Anno regni tricesimo nono Geo'rgii III. c. 62.

ing deficient men, which shall be held within ten days.

&*** u^uuiv/uuuvvjiuuftuii x.x. V.. VJ*. [179^*

three months, Augufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, if necessary, n^alrorfub- to recta.re^ by written notice sent to the clerk of the general division meet- meetings for each county, stewart.y, city* or place, furnishing ing to be call- militia men to such regiment, a general or subdivision meeting fors.pply- to be calied.and held, as the cafe may render necessary, for the purpose of supplying the number of men still deficient, from such county, stewart.y, city, or place, and the said lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, or jpftices, shall, and they are hereby required, within ten days after the receipt of such notice to hold such general or subdivision meeting for the purpose aforesaid, in order that the full number of militia due by such county, stewart.y, city, or place, may be furnifned to the said regiment as speedily as pofiible.

IV. And whereas hy the said aft passed in the thirty~feve?ith year of the reign of his present Majessy, it is enacted, That every, per fori cho-fen by bailot.according to the dir eft ions of the said aft (not being one of the people calied.Quakers) refsing.or ncglesting.to appear to take the oath and serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute, shall fors.it and pay the sum of ten pounds ferling, and whenever any bailot.shall take place in the fame paris. or place, be liable to serve again or provide a subj.itute^ and in desau.t of payment of such penalty, or for want of fujscie.i esse.ts where-on to levy the famey the name of such person shall be entered upon the roll for which he was bailot. edy and he shall be compelied.to serve in like manner as any other person ivho Jhould be then bailot.ed for would be compeliable.to serve. and shall be subject to the fame punislimen.s for afterwards abfeonding or defer ting, as he would have been subject to in caje he had appeared and been duly sworn and enrolied.as a militia man: be it enacted, That whenever any such person shall have his name drawn a second time on any bailot, it shall be in his power in place of serving personally or providing a subs.itute, on payment of a further penalty of five pounds sterling, to have his name struck out.of the lift of militia men altogether, and be for ever relieve..from serving in the militia; which further penalty shall be recovered and applied by the lord lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, and justices, in like manner as all other penalties are directed to be recovered and applied by the present or any other aft of parhame.t relative to the militia.

V. And whereas it has in some infiances been the pr a ft ice of the dc-militia men to puty lieutenants, or other persons authorised by the lord lieutenant, to attend, to ex- indulge the several militia men bailot.ed to serve with a longer U,,ve of i^tL^from akfefice t^an 75 }}eCtffary\ be it theres.re enacted, That from and the ball ot^nft a^ter ^ Pufsing.of this aft, no notice served upon any militia man bailot.ed as aforesaid to attend at the time and place specified in the said order, as directed by the afts now in force relative to the militia, shall extend beyond fourteen days from the date of such bailot; and all militia men failing to attend at such time and place fo specified, shall, over and above the other pains and maybeseized.penalties already imposed in such cases, fors.it the pay due from as desert.rs. the day of their being fo bailot.ed till the day on which they shall.

Quakers drawn a second time by bailot, on payment of a further penalty of 5I. may be for ever relieve..from ftrying.in the militia.

No notices to

all men failing to attend, to fors.it their pay till joining the regiment, and

Clerk of the meeting to fend to the commanding officer the

actual.y join the regiment to which they belong, and be liable to be seized and punished as deserters: provided also, That the clerk of such general or subdivision meeting, at which such men shall have been bailot.ed, shall forthwith transmit to the commanding

1798.3  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62.  279

manding officer of the regiment for which any militia man is names of the

bailot.ed to serve, a note of the name of each militia man* the

day on which he has been bailot.ed* and that on which he has rfrg'iment, &c.

been ordered to attend; and every clerk refusing or wilfully on penalty of

neglecting.to transmit such notice as aforesaid, (hall be liable to 20b

a penalty of twenty pounds sterling, to be recovered in like

manner as any other penalties are directed to be recovered by

the said recited a61.

^VI. And be it further enabled, That all allowane.s for the Allowane.s to trouble of any schoolmaster, constable, clerk, or other officer employ.d.in the execution of the militia a6ts, (hall, besides being othe5rg em. previously certified by the sheris., deputy lieutenants, or lieute- ploy.d.in the nant of the county or stewart.y, as directed by the acts now in execution of force, be submitted to the confederation of the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby authorised and empow- submitted to ered to restrict.these claims to such sums as they (hall think rea- the barons,of fonable, and to grant a warrant for payment thereof out of the exchequer in revenues of land tax, alTefTed taxes, or consolidated duties of Scotland, who customs and excise, or any of them, which they (hall think most warrant for* proper to apply to this service.  payment.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That when any militia man, when any volunteer, or lubftitute, furnished and approved by any general militia man or district meeting of lieutenancy, (hail appear to the command- (hall appear ing officer of the regiment in which he is calied.upon to serve,

unfit, from infirmity, size, or other sufficient cause, to serve as fice^ of the a militia man, it (hall be laws.l for the said commanding officer, regiment unfit with the approbation in writing of the general or commanding to serve, he officer of the military dist.idfc within which such regiment (hall maY> t^e happen to be stationed, to reject or discharge such person as tiofit Gf the corn-to carry arms in the militia, and upon transmitting notice of the manding offi-discharge, with a copy of the approbation of the general or com- cep of the dif-manding officer aforesaid, to the deputy lieutenants of the parish or district from which the said militia man, volunteer, or fub- ot^gr ^a‘jj 5^ ftitute, (H2H have been furnisti.d, the deputy lieutenants (hall chosen by forthwith cause another person, able and fit for service, to be bailot, chosen by bailot.in place of the person discharged as aforesaid.

VIII.  And whereas an aft tuns made in the present Jejfion of parhame.t, intituled, An adl for exempting, during the present war, 39 Geo. 3* persons serving in volunteer corps and associations from beinge. 35* bailot.ed for the militia, under certain conditions: and whereas

it is expect.ent and necejfary that the said aft floould extend to all per-Jons serving in volunteer corps and associations in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland ; be it enabled, That every person in- Perfons inroU rolied, or to be inrclied, and serving in any volunteer corps, or *n volun-any corps or body of men aflaciatcd for the defence of any city, artbci^oBS*** town, or place, and for maintaining publick tranquillity and in Scotland, good order within the fame, whether of infantry or cavalry, in not liable to that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, which now are, or (hall ^ve or pro* be raised in pursuance of any a61 or adls of parhame.t, fhail be titute the exempt from being liable to serve personally in the said militia, miUtia. or to provide a lubllitute; and that all the powers, regulations,

T 4  condU

z8o

Copy of muf-ter roll of per fans now lerving, to be transmitted to the county lieutenant on or before Aug. j, 1799.

Anno regni trieefimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. [i798.

conditions, and restrict.cms in the aforesaid aft contained, (hall extend to all such volunteer corps or associations in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted.in the body of this aft: provided always. That the copy of the muster roll of the persons now enrolied.and serving in any such corps or associations may and (hall be transmitted to the lieutenant of the county on or before the first day of Augujl one thou^ sand seven hundred and ninety-nine; anything in the said aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

C A P. LX1IL

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on sugar imported anj exported,, and on cosse. exported; andfor reducing the drawbacks now allowed on the exportation of sugar. — [July i,

1799O

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TTTE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the com-VV mons of Great Britain, in parhame.t assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional duties of customs hereinafter mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t The follow- astem.led, and by the authority of the fame. That there (hall be ^uties^ofeuf^ ra*^ec^ levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his toms to be * Majesty, his heirs and successors, overand above the duties now paid on sugar. payable by law, the following additional duties of customs, to be paid in ready money, without any dise.unt or abatement whatever ; that is to fay,

Duties.  For  every  hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve

pounds, of brown and Mufcovado sugar of the Britijh plantation?, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which {hall have been fo imported, after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the lum of eight-pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity :

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of brown and Mufcovado sugar, which shall. be fold at the Tales of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, after the twenty-fourth day of June one t'hou-sand.seven hundred and ninety-nine, the furn of eight-pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of white or clayed sugar of the Britijh plantations, which {hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which {hall

have

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63.  281

have been fo imported, after the twenty-fourth day of 'June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the sum of four fhil-lings 1 and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of sugar not of the Britijh plantations, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoused according to law, upon the delivery thereof, after the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, out of or from the warehouse or warehouses in which the fame (hall have been deposited for exportation from Great Britain, the sum of two (hillings and sixpence. and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of sugar, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain by the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, and warehoused according to law, and -" fold at the sales of the said company, after the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and.ninety-nine, upon the delivery thereof out of or from the warehouse or warehouses in which the fame shall have been deposited for exportation from Great Britain, the sum of Ax (hillings and sixpence 3 and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity :

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of cosse., which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoused according to law, upon the delivery thereof, after the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (out of or from the warehouse or warehouses in which the fame shall have been depoAted) for exportation from Great Britain^ the sum of four (hillings 3 and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

II.  And be it further enacted, That the several duties hereby duties on fu-granted on sugar imported by the united company of mereliant.

o {England tracting.to the East Indies, shall be levied, collected, India com-and paid, notwithstanding any proviiion or any matter or thing pany to be contained- in an a£t, patted in this- present sett.on of parhame.t, paid notwith* for permitting goods imported by the laid company to be ware-housed.  ,  c?59.

III.  And whereas it is expect.ent, under the present circumjlances, that the drawbacks and bounties now payable by law on the exportation

of sugar fiould be reduced 3 be it theres.re further enacted,That, From certain from and after the twentieth day of June one thousand seven draw hundred and ninety-nine, of the drawbacks now allowed by law backs on ex^ to the exporter or exporters, on the exportation from Great portatien.of Britain of any sugar in the fame (late in which it was imported sugar to cease,. from foreign parts, two (hillings- and sixpence for each and.every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: that, from and after the twenty-fourth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine of the drawbacks or bounties now allowed by law to the exporter or exporters^ on the exportation from Great Britain of any resin.d

fpgar

282

Drawback on sugar exported to Ireland in the state imported into Great Britain not to be reduced.

Duties to be under the management of the com-nrifiioners of cultoms.

Duties to be managed, as the duties of customs impeded by any act prior to the paiTing this aft.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 1IL c. 63. [1798,

sugar.calied.Bajfards, or any ground or powdered sugar, or resin.d loaf sugar, broken in pieces, or sugar calied.Candy, two (hillings and sixpence for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, (hall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: and that, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the drawbacks or bounties now allowed by law to the exporter or exporters, on the exportation from Great Britain of any 6ther resin.d sugar, four (hillings for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, (hall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: provided } always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con-ftrued to extend, to reduce the drawback now allowed by law on sugar exported to Ireland, in the fame state in which it was imported into Great Britain from foreign parts.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That such of the duties by this aft imposed, as (hall arise in that part of Great Britain calied.England, (hall be under the management of the commis.ioners of the customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as (hall arise in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commis.ioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being.

V.  And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby imposed (hall and may be managed, aseer.ained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered, in such and the like manner, and in and by any and either of the ways, means, or methods, by which any of the duties of customs on goods, wares, or merchandize, imposed and payable by an aft, palied.in the twenty-seven.h year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by any other aft or afts of parhame.t in force on or immediately before the pasting of this aft, were or might be managed, aseer.ained, railed, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered ; and the goods, wares, and merchandize, fo by this aft made chargeable with the said duties, (hall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, penalties, and fors.itures, to which any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties of customs are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any aft or afts of parhame.t in force on or immediately before the pasting of this aft; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or fors.iture, for any offence whatever, committed againlt or in breach of.-any aft or afts of parhame.t in force on or immediately before the passing of this aft, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improyemen. thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions, therein contained, (hall and are hereby directed and declared ro extend to, and (hall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the duties hereby charged, as far as the fame are applie.ble thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said afts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, pains, penalties, and fors.itures, were particulari. repeated and re-enacted.in the body of this present aft.

VI.  And

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63.  283

VI.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the pafll Appropria-ing of this adf, out of the monies arising from the rates ancltlon duties, duties upon sugar imported into Great Britain, the sum of eighteen thousand five hundred pounds, being the fourth part of the

sum.of seven.y-four thousand pounds, the average amount for the last three years of the drawbacks and bounties on sugar exported hereby repealed, (hall quarterly, on the tenth day of Oftober, the fist. day of January, the fist. day of Aprils and the fist. day of July in every year during the period of ten years, be fet apart from the monies arising from the rates and duties upon sugar imported into Great Britain; and the said sum of seven.y-four thousand pounds, together with the duties hereby granted on sugar imported or delivered from the warehouse, and on cosse. exported, (hall, during the said period of ten years, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Weftminster, dist.ndfly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and (hall be carried to, and made part of, the.consol.dated fund; and the said sum of seven.y-four thousand pounds, together with the said duties, or fo much thereof as shall be sufficient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the enere.sed charge occasioned by any loan to be made by virtue of any a& or adfs to be passed in this session of parhame.t ; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which the said sum of seven.y-four thousand pounds, and the said duties hereby granted, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in this session of parhame.t, for the purpose of defraying such inere.sed charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefiy, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

VII.  And whereas an aft was pajfed in the thirty-fee ond year of

the reign of his present Majefiy, intituled., An act for regulating the 32 Geo. 3.

allowane. of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the c. 43. anda&s

exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar.

and cosse. into the Bahama and Bermuda istands, in foreign Chips; *  9

amongJl other things for regulating the allowane. of the drawback,

and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar: and whereas

other afts were passed in the thirty-fist., thirty-Jixih, and thirty-

eighth years of the reign of his present Majefiy, for amending the said.

afty which last mentioned afts have been continued till the end of the

present.fefjion of parhame.t: and whereas it is expect.ent to repeal fo

much of the said fir ft recited aft, as relates to the ajeertaining the

average prie. of sugar, and of regulating the drawback and bounty on and f0 much

the exportation of sugar by such average, be it further enabled, of the firs.

That, from and after the palling of this a£I, the said first recited a<^> as relates

a£t, fo far as the fame relates to the aseer.aining the average

prie. of sugar in the manner therein mentioned, or of regulating average prie.

the allowane. of drawback, or the payment of bounty on the of sugar, or

exportation of sugar from this kingdom, shall be, and the fame regulating the

is hereby repealed.

VIII.  Pro-1 Pea ed*

284 Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. 0/64,65. [1798. The bounty VIII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That the bounty tiotf of^ftned Paya^e on exportation of all resin.d sugar produced from Mufcovado Mufcovado sugar of the Britifth plantations in America, (hall be sugar to be  paid and allowed on all sugar which shall be shipped or laden on

paid on all  board any {hip or (hips, or waterborn, with intent to be (hipped

wat^rbor^to or *ac*en on b°arc* any or ships *n Great Britain, between be ship., be- ^ day Pa(hng this a£t, and the twenty-fourth day of July tween palling one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, this adt, and

July 24,1799.  CAP.  LXIV.

An a<ft for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds* to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the comnuls.oners for the reduction of the national debt.—**[July i, 1799.]

CAP. LXV.

An act for allowing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thou-sand.eight hundred and five, a further bounty upon pilchards exported ; and for amending an aft made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commijfmers of excise.—[July 1, 1799.]

Preamble.

31 Geo. 3* c. 45.

37 Geo. 4. c. 94.

38 Geo, 3 c. 89.

WHEREAS by an alt, ?nade in the thirty-firs. year of his present Majesty.s reign, for the encouragement of the pilchard fist. cry, an additional bounty of one ftjrilling and sixpence was allowed for every cast. or vessel of pilchards, containing fist. galions, which fthould be exported between the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; which bounty was further continued by an other aft, of the thirty seventh year of his present Majesty* s reign, for the further term ofseven.years, from the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred. and ninety-eight : and whereas in the aft made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majefy*s reign, for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commis.fioners of excise, and for repealing the duties on fait, and the drawbacks, alloy.ances, and bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowane.s, and bounties thereon, proviso. was not ?nade for the said bounty of one ftbilling and sixpence \ and it is expect.ent to grant such additional bounty as is herein-after ?nentioned: may it theres.re piease.your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t For every calk assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for every containing o ca3^ or ve^ pilchards, containing fist. galions, which has galions, ex- been duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, ported from since the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and Great Britain, ninety-eight, or which (hall hereast.r be fo exported, until and bom October UpQn t^e twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred June 24,1805, an(l and for 2nd in respect whereof the person or persons and entitled 1  exporting

 DOgle

1798.] Anno regni tricefinio nono Georgii III. c. 65.  2S5

exporting the fame {hall be entitled to the bounty of seven (hil- to the bounty lings, under or by virtue of the said ad of the thirty-eighth year 7s- anad* of his present Majesty’s reign, an additional bounty of one (hil- bounty of ling and sixpence (hall be paid and payable to such person and I8. 6d. persons fo entitled to the said bounty of seven (hillings, at such times, in such manner, by such person and persons, and out of such monies, as the said bounty of seven (hillings is by the said last.mentioned ad directed to be paid.

II.  And whereas it may sometimes he convenient that pilchards Jhould be Jhipped and exported dir eft ly to the Britifli Weft India ijlands and the Mediterranean in cajks of thirty-two galions; and it is expect.ent to allow a bounty in due proportion. to the present bounties, on such pilchards fo exported, for all such pilchards fo flipped and exported;

be it theres.re enacted, That for all pilchards which (hall be P°r pilchards duly (hipped and exported directly to any of the Britijh Wejl  the

India istands, or to any port or place in the Mediterranean, in Britifli Weft casks of thirty-two galion. or upwards, there (hall be allowed a Indies, or the bounty in due proportion to the several bounties now payable, Mediterrane-and which by this ad may become payable, for or in respect of  2^1 ions

pilchards exported from Great Britain, in casks containing fist. 0r upwards, a galion. ; any thing in this or any other ad or ads of parhame.t bounty to be to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding : provided always, paid in pro-That no such bounty (hall be paid or allowed, unless all and fhose.export* singular the rules, regulations, restrictions, *and provisions, by ecj jn casks any former law established, for or in respect of fist.-exported in containing 50 order to obtain the bounty, shall have been fully complied with, galions;

III.  And whereas it has been a practice to export pilchards, in some inflames, in cajks commonly calied.Pilchard Hogshe.ds, containing less than fist. galions; and it might be ineon.enient^ in such cases, to withhold the bounty in proportion to the quantity of fijh which has been exported, or which may be exported before the firji day of June

one .thousand eight hundred; be it theres.re enacted, That for all as aifo for ah pilchards which, since the said tenth day of Oftober one thousand PQ^t^j*^e5ii (even hundred and ninety-eight, have been duly exported from chard hogi- " Great Britain to parts beyond the Teas, in calks commonly calied.heads, from Pilchard Hogjheads, or which, at any time on or before the firs.: Oftober 10, day of June one thousand eight hundred, shall be fo exported in  ^une

such.casks, a bounty (hall be allowed in proportion to the * several bounties now payable, or which by this ad may become payable, for or in respect of pilchards exported from Great Bri~ tain, in casks containing fist. galions; any thing in this ad or any other ad or ads of parhame.t to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV.  And whereas it has been the practice to allow pilchards and \ other fish to be exported upon bounty from ports and places not being laws.l quays, and it is expect.ent to continue such practice, be it theres.re enacted, That it (hall and may be laws.l to and for The commit-the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, to allow ^emiyallow pilchards and other fish to be exported, for the purpole of ob- fish to be ex~ tabling the bounty, from such convenient port or place as they ported from

(had anyplace.

 (jjOO^Ic

38 Geo. 3. c. 89. f, 68,

When the warebouse.from which fait is to be delivered for curing fish is distant from the port of Ihipping, and is intended to be carried down any river thereto, bond,as herein specified, to be given instead of the security directed by 38 Geo. 3. c. 89.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. [1798. {hall deem proper ; any thing in this or any other aft or afts of parhame.t to the contrary in any wife nojwithstanding,

V.  And whereas hy the /aid adi of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majeflfs reign, it was enabled. That before any such fait as is in that belial. in the said aft mentioned Jhoidd be delivered free of duty, for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, the maker or makers, or resin.r or resin.rs thereof or proprietor or proprietors of the fait work from whence the fa?ne was to be fo delivered, or the mereliant.or mereliant. for whose account or cn whose order the fame should be delivered, Jhould give fujficient bond or security as is in the said a£t was in that belial. dire fed that all such fait and every part thereof Jhould (the danger of enemies only excepted) be duly delivered into the custody and posse.fion of the fish curer or fish curers for or to zvho?n the fame was to be consigned or sent; and that no part of such Jalt should, before the fame shot.d be fo delivered into the custody or pojfess.on of such fifi.; curer or fish curers as aforesaid, he fold or delivered for home trade or consumption, or otherwise fraudulenti. clisp.fed of in Great Britain : and whereas the fait works at which fait is made, and the entered warehouses or Jlorehouse. or lofts in that belial. mentioned in .the said aft, and from vihich such fait is by the said afl authorised to be delivered to be used and employ.d.for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, are sometimes ftuated at a distane. from the sea coast and from the port at ivkich such fait delivered from such fait works is intended to be shipped and put on board the ships or vessels in which the fame is intended to be carried and removed coastwise for delivery to or for the fish curers to or for whom the fame is to be consigned or sent, and such fait is commonly carried and conveyed from such fait works in flats, barges, boats, or vessels, down rivers to such port, and it is theres.re expect.ent that in any such cafe in lieu and instead of such bond or security as is above mentioned, such bonds or securities shall be given as are herein-after in that belial. directed, be it theres.re enacted, That when and fo osten.as any maker of fait, or resin.r of rock fair, or proprietor of any fait work, {hall have occasion to deliver any fait from his or her entered warebouse, florehouse, or loft, at his or her fait works, to be used and employ.d.in curing and preserving fish, and such warebouse, storehouse, or lofr, shall be situate at a distane. from the sea coast and from the port at which such fait is intended to be shipped or put on board any {hip or vessel, to be therein carried or removed coast.ife for delivery to the fish curers for or to whom the fame is to be consigned, or sent, and such fait is intended to be carried or conveyed in any fiat, barge,, boat, or vessel, from such fait works, or from any such ware-house, storehouse, or loft, down any river to any such port, then and in every such cafe, in lieu and instead of such bond or security as was in the said a£l directed, the makers or resin.rs thereof, or proprietors of the fait works from whence the fame is to be fo delivered, or the mereliant. for whose account or on whose order the fame {hall be delivered, shall give fuss.cient bond or security, to be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the

person.

1798.] Anno regni tncefimo nono Georgii 111, c. 65.  287

person.or persons who (hall be appointed or employ.d.by them for that purpose, in treble the amount of the duty of the fait fo intended to be delivered for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, (in which bond or security the mailer or owner of the flat, barge, boat, or vessel, in which the fait is to be fo carried or conveyed (hall join), that all such fait, and every part thereof, shall with all due diligene. and dispate. be duly carried and conveyed in such flat, barge, boat, or vessel to such port at which the fame is fo intended to be {hipped for the purpose aforesaid ; and that all such fait shall,- immediately on the arrival at such port, be laden and put on board the (hip or veflfel in which the fame is to be carried and removed coastwise for delivery to the fish curer or fish curers for or to whom the fame is to be consigned or sent, and that no part of such fait shall, before the fame shall be fo laden and put on board the {hip or vessel in which the fame is to be fo carried and removed coastwise for such delivery as aforesaid, be fold or delivered for home trade or consumption, or otherwise fraudulenti. disposed of in Great Britain; and also, that, immediately on the arrival of such flat, barge, boat, or vessel at such port* such bond or security shall be given as is herein-after mentioned.

VI,  And be it further enacte.. That every such bond or ^ovv ^ucl1 security for such due carriage and conveyance of such fait to the  eci  °C

port at which the fame shall be intended to be shipped as afore-said.nd for the other matters herein-before directed to be con^ tained in such bond or security, (hall be cane.lied.and discharged, upon the maker or makers, or resin.r or resin.rs of the fait, or proprietor or proprietors of the fait works from whence the fait was fo delivered, or the mereliant.or mereliant. on whole account or to whose order such fait (hall be fo delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excite a certifie.te, under the hand of such other officer of excise as shall be authorised or employ.d.to give and grant the fame, tef-tifying that all and every part of the fait mentioned in such bond or security has been, with all due diligene. and dispate., duly carried and conveyed in such flat, barge, or vessel as aforesaid, to such port as aforesaid, and that the fame was immediately, on the arrival at such port, laden and put on board the ship or vessel in which the fame was to be carried and removed coastwise, for delivery to the fish curer or fish curers for or to whom the fame was consigned or sent, and that such bond or security has been given as is herein-after directed, for the due delivery of such fait into the custody and poiles.ion of the fish curer, and the other matters directed to be contained in such bond: provided always, That such certifie.te shall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excise within one month next after the day on which such fait shall have been delivered out of the warehouse or storehouse, or warehouses or storehouses belonging to such maker or makers, resin.r or resin.rs, or proprietor or proprietors, as aforesaid.

VII. Ana

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. [1798.

VII. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon the arrival of any such fiat, barge, boat or vefTel, at the port at which such fait is intended to be (hipped, or put on board any (hip or vefTel, to be therein carried or removed coastwise, for delivery to the fish curer or fish curers for or to whom the fame is to be consigned or sent, the mereliant.or mereliant., on whose account or to whose order the fame (hall be delivered, shall give fuflicient bond or security, to be approved of by the commissioners of ex-ihall not be cife, or the person or persons who (hall be appointed or employ.d.

288

On the arrival of a vefTel at the port where l'alt is to be (hipped to be sent coastwise to the ftfli curer, !bond to be given. that it

otherwise.dif-posed.of.

by thqm for that purpose, in treble the amount of the duty of the fait fo intended to be delivered for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, (in which bond or security the matter or owner of the (hip or vefTel in which the fait is to be carried or conveyed (hall join), that all such fait, and every part thereof, shall (the danger of enemies only excepted) be duly delivered into the custody and possession of the fish curer or fish curers for or to whom the fame is to be consigned or sent, and that no part of such fait shall, before the fame shall be delivered into the custody or posses.ion of such fish curer or fish curers as aforesaid, be fold or delivered for home trade or consumption, or otherwise fraudulenti. disposed of in Great Britain.

How such VIII. And be it further enactted, That every such bond or fe-

bouds shall be curity herein-before directed to be given for the due delivery of disc.arged.  J  ... .  .  .  *2- -  -  -  -  - - J

any such fait into the custody and possession of any such fish curer or fish curers, and for the other matters herein-before directed to be contained in such bond, shall be cane.lied.and discharged, upon the mereliant.or mereliant., on whose account or to whose order a/ty such fait shall have been fo delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excise a certifie.te, under the hand of such other officer of excise as shall be auth.rifed to give and grant the fame, testis.ing that all and every part of the fait mentioned in such bond or security has been duly delivered into the custody or possession of the fish curer or fish curers for whom the fame was intended, or to whom the fame was consigned or sent, and that bond or security has been given by or on the part of such fish curer or fish curers, that all such fait sent or consigned to him, her, or them, and delivered into his, her, or their custody, shall be used and employ.d.in curing and preserving fish : provided always, That such last mentioned certifie.te shall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excise; within three months next after the day on which such fait shall have been fo (hipped or put on board the {hip or vefTel in which the fame is to be carried or removed coastwise, for such delivery to the fish curer or fish curers as aforesaid.

IX.  And whereas, under and by virtue of the said aft made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majeflfs reign, foreign fait may be imported into Great Britain, and put into import warehouses, fore-houses, or celiars, under y subject. and according to such conditions> 'rulesy and regulations, as are in the said aft in that belial. provided: and

ivhereas

'

289

1798.].Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65.

whereas it is expect.ent to allow any fucb foreign fait to he taken from and out of any such warehouse, florehouse, or celiar, at the ports of Poole, Dartshout., Falshout., and Glafgow, to be exported to Newfoundland,/^ the purpose berein-after mentioned; be it theres.re enabled. That it (hall and may be laws.l to or for any per- Within 12 fon or persons, within twelve months after the importation and months after landing thereof, to take, free of duty, for the purpose of im- ^rehQut^ed, mediately exporting the fame, in any ship or vefTel not of less foreign fait burthen than forty tons, to Newfoundland, for curing cod fish, may be taken ling, or hake, to be there caught, any quantity exceeding fist. out,duty free, bushels at a time, of foreign fait, from and out of any import  ex

warehouse, florehouse, or celiar, at either of the ports of Poole, port.tion to ~ Dartshout., Falshout., or Glafgow, in which the fame has been Newfound-put according to the regulations of the said adt, upon the person lan<b in vefTels

or persons fo taking out any such fait first giving the like bond of not leis r •  • . &  .  ,  r * i ^  1  i ' than 40 tons,

or security as is in or by the said act required and directed to be ancj jn qUan_

taken, for or in respect of fait delivered free of duty for immedi- tity exceeding ate exportation ; save and except that every such bond, or fecu- 5°bushels, on rity, fo to be taken in pursuance of this adt, (hall be in treble the amount of the duty by that adt imposed for or in Vesped. of 3g Ge imported fait, not being of the product or manus.cture of Great c. 89,' Sic* Britain; and the giving or entering into such bond or security, together with the exportation of such fait to Newfoundland as aforesaid, {hall vacate the former bond or security which fhail have been given for payment of the duties with which such foreign fait was charged, or to which the fame was liable, fo far as such lafl mentioned bond or security relates to such duty for or in respect of the quantity of fait fo taken out *of such warehouse, florehouse, or celiar, and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid : provided always, That such lafl mentioned bond {hall be and remain in full force and esse.t as to all the fait fpe-cified therein, or to which the fame fhail relate, except the particular quantity or quantities thereof fo taken out and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid.

X.  And be it further enacted That no such bond or security, Bonds for fait

fo to be given or taken for fait, to be used and employ.d.in J/rcuring-curing and preserving fish as aforesaid, nor any certifie.te to be tilicates.eht-made out in relation to any such fait-, fhail be subject or liable to jnn thereto, any {lamp duty; any thing in any adt or acts of parhame.t to notsubject.o the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.  stamp duty.

XI.  And whereas there are Jlill depending, and unexpended, divers quantities of J'alt which were taken free of duty, for the curing of fijh, under and subj.li to the rules, regulations, rest.iilion., and pro-vifons, contained in the several alls of parhame.t in that belial. in force immediately before the commencement of an all made in the thirty-eighth year oj his present Majessy. reign, among other things, for transferring the management jof the fait duties to the commijf oners

of excise. and it is expect.ent to make fucb provisions for or in respelt.thereof as are herein-after in that belial. dires.ed: be it theres.re enacte.* That all and singular the rules, regulations, restrictions, Geo. 3. and provisions, which are contained or provided in or by the tend to*fait*'

Vol* XLII.  U  laid  taken, duty

'  Hosted  by  jofcgle

*9° Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IIL c. 6^. [1798.

irec, for-cur- said a& of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, thereto as fa? ^or or *n refae(^  delivered  under  or by virtue of that a£t,

as applie.ble, for curing and preserving fish, and all and singular the fines, penalties, and fors.itures, which are by the said acct imposed on any fish curer, or any other p’erfon or persons whom foe ver, for any breach of or disobedience to any or either of the said rules, regulations, reftridUons, or proviftons, (hall be applied to and prads.fed, and put in execution, for and in respect of all such fait fo depending and unexpended, fo far as the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, or fors.itures re-sped.ively can or may be fo applied, practised, and put in execution ; any thing in any add or adds of parhame.t contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XII.  And whereas it may sometimes happen that ships or vejjels going coafewife laden with fait or rock fait may be taken by the eneiny;

For fait or be it theres.re enacted, That in cafe any fait or rock fait, whiVhdti/°f ^or w^c'n duties imposed by the said ad! of the thirty-eighth has been paid, Year °f his present Majesty, {hall have been duly paid or secured captured with to be paid, shall together with the ship or veste. in which such the vessel re- fait or rock fait shall be removing or transporting from one part moving it  i0  another,  be  loft  by capture of enemies, it

^me'reHef toC anc* may be laws.l either for his Majesty’s justices of the be given as peace of the county, riding, division, or (hire, at the quarter fef-lor hit loft sten. of the peace nearest to which the owner, proprietor, or

^^we^there. ^*PPer  ^ or roc^ ^ re^e<» or for commis.

ut wta 1 r. floaers 0f excise at the chies.office of excise in London, or any

three of the said commissioners, (in like manner as is authorised or direct.ed by the said ad!, made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for or in respect. of such fait or rock fait, as is in the said add in that belial. mentioned, loft or destroyed through stress of weather, or storms at sea, or by the unavoidable calling away,-sinking, or strand.ng, of the flat, boat, barge, or vessel, in or on board of which such fait or rock fait was removing or transporting from one place to another), to grant the like relief, as in and by the said add is authorised, directed, or required, for or in respect of any such fait or rock fait which shall be fo loft by capture of enemies, as is in and by the said act authorised or required, for or in respect. of fait or rock fait loft or destroyed through stress of weather, or storms at sea, or by the unavoidable calling away, sinking, or strand.ng, of the fiat, boat, barge, or vessel, in or on board of which the fame was fo removing or transporting from one place to another.

XIII.  And whereas by the said aft made in the thirty-eighth year f 3‘ °f bis present Majesty s reign, it is enacted, That out of the monies tfv.c au e ijX. arying from fjye duties on 'fait thereby granted, the sum of one hun-

recited, and repealed.

dred and one thousand five hundred and fist.-five pounds, being one fourth part of the sum of four hundred and fix thousand two hundred and twenty pounds, the annual average produce for fix years, ending the fist. day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the said duties on jalt, Jhould quarterly, on the days therein mentioned, in every year, during the period of ten year s} be Jet apart from the remainder

1^98.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65.  291

mainder of the fald raters and duties; and that the said remainder of the said duties should, during the said period of ten years, be paid into the receipt of his Majefy’s exchequer, difins.ly and apart from all ether branches of the publick revenue; and that the said remainder of the said rates and duties, fo paid into the said receipt, or fo ?nuch thereof as should be fusse.ent, should he deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose in the said aft .mentioned: and whereas it is expect.ent to repeal the said recited clause, and in lieu ami Jlead thereof to < make such provision as is in that belial. herein-after directed, be it theres.re enacted, That the said recited clause shall Applie.tion be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that quarterly, on the °fduties, fist. day of January, the fist. day of April, the fist. day of July\ and the tenth day of October, in every year, the sum of eight thou-land pounds, being one fourth part of the sum of thirty-two thousand pounds, the annual average produce upon an account taken for three years, ending the fist. day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTour, of the monies paid on account of allowane.s for waste, and of the differene. between the discount heretofore allowed, by reason of the length of time given for payment of the duties, and that which was provided by an ad made in the thirty-sixth.year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for determining the present alloivane.s for wajle on fait carr'ied c oaf wife; and for reducing the respective times of pay-merit of the duties on fait, ihall, for and during the residue of the said term of ten years, mentioned in the said last recited ad, be fet apart out of the monies arising from the duties on lait, granted by the said ad of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, and shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, distine.ly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue 5 and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said remainder of the said period, a book or books, in which such quarterly sums {hall, together with the monies arising from any other duties, granted ' by an ad of the thirty-lixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for the purpose of defraying such inere.sed charge as is mentioned in the said ad of the thirty-sixth.year of his present Majesty’s reign, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, on any account whatever; and that the further sum of ninety-three thousand five hundred and fist.-five pounds, being the remainder of the first mentioned sum of one hundred and one thousand five hundred and fist.-five pounds, shall, for and during the said remainder of the said last mentioned period of time, likewise quarterly, on the before mentioned days in every such year, be fet apart from the duties on fait granted by the said ad of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, and paid distine.ly and separately into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer; and that from the conelusion.of the said period of time, until the expiration of tea years, from the tenth day of Ostot.er one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the full sum of one hundred and one thousand * y

u 2  five

 GoOglC

192 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 66, 67. [1798.

five hundred and fist.-five pounds (hall, in like manner, be fet apart from the said duties granted by the said lad mentioned aft, and paid distine.ly and separately into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer ; and that, after setting apart such quarterly sum or Turns as aforesaid, the remainder of the rates and duties on fait granted by the said lad mentioned ad, or fo much thereof as (hall be sufficient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the enere.sed charge occasioned by any loan made or dock created, by virtue of any ad passed in the last session of parhame.t; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office ot the auditor of the said receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, during the period of ten years, from the tenth day of Oflober one thousand seven hundred and ninety^ eight, a book or books, in which the said remainder of the monies arising from the said duties granted by the said ad of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties, granted in the said last session of parhame.t, for the purpose of defraying such enere.sed charge as aforesaid, be entered leparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

Frovisions.of XfV. And be it further enacted, That all the provisions, rules, acts in force regulations, clauses, matters, and things, which, in or by the relating to the  ma(je

in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty’s duties on lait -  .  ,  A a n  n  c  1*  f

to extend to reiSn^ or in or by anY ot“er ad or ads of parhame.t therein

this ad, as mentioned or referred unto relating to the duties upon fait, and far as appH- in force immediately before the palling of this acct, are contained, provided, sett.ed, or established, for the purposes of the said ad or ads, (save.and except in such cases.for which other provisions are made by this ad, and save and except fo far as any such ad or ads, or any of the provisions, rules, or regulations, clauses, matters, or things, therein contained, are repealed, reyoked, altered, or controlied, by this present ad:, or repugnant to any of the provisions herein contained), shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution throughout Great Brita\n, \w and for the purposes of this ad, fo far as the fame are applie.ble thereunto respectively, as fully and esse.tually to all intents and purposes as if all and every the said provisions, rules, regulations, clauses, matters, and things, were particulari. repeated and re-enacted.in this present ad.  '

CAP. LXVL

An ad for placing the salaries of the flier.s. deputes and substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots civil lift estab.illimen..—[July i, 1799.]

CAP. LXVII.

An ad to enable such person as his Majesty (hall please to appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer, to take upon himself the de-’ gree of a serjeant at law.—[July x, 1799.]

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68—71. CAP. LXVIII.

An adt for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of three miilion., for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.—[July 12, 1799.]

His Majesty may empower the treasury to cause loans to be received, or exchequer bills to be made out for 3,000,000b anytime before Jan. 5, 1800, agreeable to 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. Powers of 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. to extend to this adt. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the first aids granted next section, and if not granted before July 5, 1800, to be paid out of the con-solid.ted fund. Monies Blued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England may advane. money on the credit of this adt ; notwithstanding the adt 5 and 6 Gul. & Mariae, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. LXIX.

An adt for raising the sum of three miilion. five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine.—[July ia, 1799-]

Commisti.ners of the treasury may raise 3,500,000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Dec. 1, 1799; like manner as is prese.ibed by the malt adt of this section coneer.ing loans, &c. The clauses, &c. in the said adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this adt. Exchequer Bills fo ifiued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before Jan. 5. 1800. Adtion not to lie for such refusa.. Principal and interect, with charges, to be repaid out the first supplies to be granted in the next fefTion, and if not fo-paid before April 5, 1800, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies fo ifiued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England au-thorifed to advane. the said sum on the credit of this adt, notwithstanding the adt 5 and 6 Gul. & Marise, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. LXX.

An adt for raising the sum of three miilion., by lor'ns or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. —[July 12, 1799* ]

Commisis.oners of the treasury may raise 3,000,000b by loans and exchequer bills, before Odt. 10, 1799, in like manner as is prese.ibed by the malt adt of tins feilion coneer.ing loans, 6cc. The clauses, &c. in the said adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this adt. Exchequer bills fo ifiued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 5, 1800. Adtion not to lie for such r&fusa.. Principal ; nd interect, with charges, to be repaid out of the first supplies granted next lection. Bank of England authorised to advane. the said sum on the credit of this adt, notwithstanding the adt 5 and 6 Gub Sc Marias, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. LXXL

An adt to enable the lords commis.ioners of his Majesty’s treasury to issue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as shall arise by virtue of an adt of this feilion, for granting certain duties on income.—[July i%. 1799.]

Commisti.ners of the treasury may after July 5, 1799, issue exchequer bills to the amount of 3,000,000b payable out of the duties ariiing by adt 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. Three months after the date of such bills, in like fanner as is prese.ibed by the malt adt of this section coneer.ing exche-

tj 3  quer

294 Anno regni tricesimo nono Geo^igii III. c. 72.  [1739.

quer bills. Exchequer bills not to be taken by any collector or receiver of the revenue, &c. before they become payable. The clauses, See. in the malt a£t relating to exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this a<5h Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding three pence halfpenny per cent per diem; and such of them as shall not be paid out of the duties aforesaid shall be received at the exchequer as calli three months after the date thereof Bank of England may advane. 3,ooo,oool. on the credit of this ad, notwithstanding the ad 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias, or 38 Geo. 3. c. x»

CAP/ LXXII.

An aft to amend an aft made in this present feJJion of parhame.t, intituled, An ad to repeal the duties imposed by an ad, made in the last session of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more esse.tual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, fo far as relates to the assessments made upon truse.s, agents, receivers, and guardians. —[July 12, 1799.]

Preamble. "V IT HERE AS by an aft, made in the present session, intituled> 39 Geo. 3. V V An ad to repeal the duties imposed by an ad, made in c. 13, recited. the ]aft fcfr10n of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more esse.tual provision for the like purpose, bv granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, certain contributions are made payable, in respect of the incomes of certain persons, bodies politick and corporate, therein deferibed; and provisions are made for the offess.ent of juch contributions on persons acting as truse.s, agents, receiverj, guardians, tutors, curators, committees, and others, in the actual receipt of income of persons, bodies politick and corporate, for who i7i they shall aft as aforesaid; and according to such provisions two or more persons may be respectively ajpffed for the whole of the contribution payable in respect of such income, whereby more than one such contribution may be assessed for such income, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said aft : be it enacted by the King's mod excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Where two or ^P*r^tua^ an(f temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t more trustees, aisembled, and by the authority of the fame, That where two or &c. are liable more persons (hall be liable to be assessed for the fame income, as to be assessed trustees,-agents, receivers, guardians, tutors, curators, committees, for the lame or or}ierwife? jt (hall be laws.l for such persons respectively toi give may give no* notice in writing to the commissioners acting for each parish and tiee to the place in which they shall be liable to be fo assessed, dating in what commiiTion- parish or place (being the parish or place of residene. of some or

tiie’ ^arilimn.Prie °*~ ^uC'n Per^ons) are respectively deftrous of being fo af-which^hey11 sessed, and such persons respectively giving such notice (hall be deiire to be assessed accordingly; and if any such persons or person have been asse.ied, and Cr shall be assessed in more than one parish or place, or by more onTaJT -Ihient ^]an ODe 2^e®Tjent’ f°r income9 one contribution shall be is made1 for paid by all such persons for such income notwithstanding such such in orne, alMlinent, and it shall be laws.l for such persons respectively to

pay

J79c5'] Annoregnitricesimo.onoGEORGii III. c. 73.  295

pay .such.contribution in one parish or place only, or into the one contribu-bank of England, in pursuance of the directions in the said ad con-tained, for payment of contributions into the bank of England; rhe perfoiis and for the purpose of relieying.all such persons from the'esse.t.fa affiefled of more than one assessment for the fame income, it {ball be laws.l may apply to for such persons respectively to apply to the commissioners acting for the several parishe.or places in which such persons respectively 0btain*a cer-£hall be fo afief.ed, and to obtain from the commissioners acting tificateof the for the parish or place in which they shall elect to stand or be parish in assessed, a certifie.te that they have fo elected, which certifie.te shall be given gratis, and upon production of such certifie.te to  which

the commissioners acting for the other parishes or places in which shall vacate such persons shall have been fo aflefTed, such commissioners shall any other af-cause.the assessments made on such persons, or any of them, in  J^r

such.other parishes or places respectively to be vacated, fo that come^ such persons respectively may not be charged by more than one assessment in respect of such income, according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited ad and this ad.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for exempting certain spec.sick.legacies which shall he given to bodies corporate, or other public k bodies, frotn the payment of duty; and also the legacy of books and other articles given by the will of the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the trujlees of the British muse.m.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expect.ent that certain spec.sick.legacies given to Preamble.

bodies corporate, and other publick bodies and societies, should be exempted from the duties irnposed.on legacies \ be it enacted by the King’s moil excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and con-sent.of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-sent.parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority of the fame. That, No legacy of from and after the passing of this ad, no legacy, considing.of books, &c.be-books, prints, pictures, statues, gems, coins, medals, specimens b^dvcor-of natural history, or other spec.sick.articles, which shall be given porate. Scc. to or bequeathed to or in trud for any body corporate, whether ag- be preserved, gregate or foie, or to the society of Serjeants Inn9 or any of the diall be liable inns of court or chaneery, or any endowed school, in order totoan^ 11 ?* be kept and preserved by such body corporate, society, or school, and not for the purposes of sale, (hall be liable to any duty im-posed.on legacies by any law now in force.

II. And whereas the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Crache- The legacy of rode, majler of arts, and one of the trujlees of the British museum, the reverend hath bequeathed to the said trujlees and their fuccejfors, a very valy-able collection of books, draivings, and prints, and also of gems, coins, c)ierode tothe medals, and specimens of natural hi fory, together with the cabinets in British mu-which the fame are contained; all which articles have been collected &um of with the greatejl care and judgement, and at an expence amounting to a very confderable sum. be \t theres.re further enacted, That the empted from said legacy shall be exempted from the payment of any duty to duty, which the fame is now liable.

u 4  CAP,

29° Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgxi III. c. 74—76. t179^*

CAP. LXXIV.

An a& for further continuing until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, an ad, made in the twenty-feves.th year of the reign of his present Majeity, intituled, An ad to enable the lord high treasurer, or commiihone.s of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an ad, made in the twenty-fist. year of his prelent Majesty’s reign, on horses let to hire for tray.lling poll, and by time, to fine. perfions as should be willing to contract for the fame.—[July 12, 1799.]

From August.1, 1799* the treasti.y may let to farm the duties mentioned in ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 26. fieparately in dist.ids. No contract to be made to continue beyond Feb. 1, 1803. In desau.t of persons failing to make deposits of the rent to be paid, within the time prese.ibed, or to enter into security, commissioners for stamps to declare the contract void, and again put up the duties to be let.

C A'P. LXXV.

An act for reviving and making perpetual an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majessy, intituled, An ad to prohibit the importation of light silver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum.—[July 12, 1799.J

Frcamble.

14 Geo. 3. c. 41, recited.

Recited ad re vive., and made perpetual.

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty"s reign, intituled, An ad to prohibit the importation of light silver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum; which aft was to continue in force until the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety fix, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t; which said aft was, by an aft pajfed in the loft fejjion of parhame.t, revived, amended, and further continued until the first day of June one thou-sand.seven hundred and ninety - nine: and whereas it is expect.ent that the said first mentioned aft Jhould be revived and made perpetual; be it theres.re enacted by the King's most excelien..majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led, and ■ by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the said ad and all the provilion. thereof shall be, and the fauie is hereby revived, and shal. be perpetual.

Preamble.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for the more fiecure conveyance of Jhip letters, and for granting to his Majesty pertain rates of pojiage thereon.—-[July 12,

1799-J

Mod gracious Sovereign,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 76.  297

general to receive letters andpackets, in order to be conveyed to and from places within his Majeffs dominions, also to and from every or any the kingdoms and countries beyond the sea.> by ships and vejjels {other than packet boats); and also. that the pojimaster.general be authorised to demand and receive certain rates of posage.for such conveyance of the said letters and packets: we, theres.re, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parhame.t assembled, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein-after mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it maybe enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moll excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafT- Poftmaster.ing of this a6t, it {hall and may be laws.l to and for his Majesty’s f^wardT^-post.aster.general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto ters by other authorised, in his and their disere.ion, to coilect.and receive letters, veste.s than and packets of letters, directed to places within his Majesty’s do- packet boats, minions, .also.to any the kingdoms and countries beyond the seas,for t^e conm and to forward the fame by any ships or veste.s that he, in his dif- veyance, as cretion, shall think fit (although not packet boats); and also, that herein pre-it shall and may be laws.l to and for his said Majesty’s postmaster bribed, general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto authorised to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for every letter and packet which shall be delivered to him or his deputies for conveyance in the manner herein-before specified, a sum not less than one half part of the. rates and duties payable by law for such respect.’ve letters and packets, if the fame were conveyed'by packet boats; aqd in cases.where no rate of postage is already established, then to demand, have, receive, and take, for such letters and packets, rates, as near as the fame can be aseer.ained, equal to one half of what is now paid for letters sent beyond the seas; any law, statute, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II.  And be it further enacted, That it thall and may be laws.l to Poftmaster.and for the said postmaster general to demand, have, receive, and ^er^Ifia3r take for every letter and packet which shall be brought by ft iPs ters brought •and veste.s (other than packet boats) in the manner herein-before by other vef-mentioned, from places within his Majesty’s dominions, and froms.ls than any the kingdoms and countries beyond the seas into Great ^7. packet boats, tainy to be conveyed by inland carriage or postage, the sum °f sing.^ietter m four-pence for every ftngle letter, and fo in proportion for packets, addition to in addition to any inland or internal postage which may arise the inland upon the inland conveyance of such letters and packets; and forP°^aSe> the encouragement of the mailers of such ships or veste.s, it {hall andmay allow be laws.l for the postmaster general to allow all such master.d.Pfor the sum of two-pence a letter or packet upon all such letters every letter and packets as they shall respectively have or take on board such they receive yesse. or veste.s, provided such letters and packets shall have been delivered to them from the post office; and in like manner, on post.office, ^heir arrival from parts beyond the seas, 0q their delivering unto~

the

298 Anno regni trlcefimo none Geokgii III. c. 77. [1798.

the deputy or deputies of the postmaster general for such place or post town at which they {hall touch or arrive, it {hall be laws.l to pay to such matters of {hips and vessels the sum of two-pence a letter or packet for all such letters and packets as they ihall re-sped.ively have on board ; provided that such letters and packets {hall have been regulari. delivered unto the said matters by the deputy or deputies of the postmaster general, or any other persons to be authorised by him, at the place or post town from whence such (hips or veste.s have failed or departed.

Poftmaster.III. And be it further en^ested, That it (hall and may be law-

eause.ofta e ^ *° an<^ ^or r^e ^aic* P°^ma^er genera^ to cause the rates of to be paid ei- postage hereby chargeable and payable to be paid either prior to th.er prior to such letters and packets being forwarded, or on delivery thereof, the letters be- as to him in his dise.etion may seem meet, ingforwarded, or qn delivery.

hy^h^rate^118 XV. And be it further enact.ed, That the monies to arise by the to be paid into rates and duties aforesaid (except the monies which (ball be ne-the exche- ceflary to defray such expences as {hall be incurred in the collec-<luer*  tion and management of the fame) (hall be paid into the receipt

©f the exchequer, and carried to and made part of the consol.-dated fund, and applied to such and the fame uses as the present rates and duties of postage are now, or (hall be directed to be paid and applied.

Perfons sued .  V. And be it further enacted, That if any person or person.

done^nder'B  at any t,me or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for

this adt may any ^ing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this plead the ge- a£t, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person neralissue,&c. 0r persons {hall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidene. for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdiitt (hall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble coffs awarded to him or them against: such plaintiff' or plaintiffs.

C A P. LXXVII.

jin a£i for repealing the duties on fait made in Scotland, and on fait imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other duties in lieu thereof—[July 12, 1799*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble,

From August.2,1799,the duties and

Wr HE RE AS it is expect.ent to repeal the duties and drawbacks now payable for and in resp.fl of fait which shall be ?nade or raised in Scotland, and also for and in rejpest.of fait which [hall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof; be it theres.re enacted by the King’s most excelien. majeffy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the first day of Jugifl one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-*

9

ex*

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 77.  299

ninety-nine, ail and Angular the duties and drawbacks now pay- drawbacks able for or in resp.6I of fait which shal. be made or raised in Scotland, onTalt^made or which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, jn Scotland, (hall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and imported and except in all cases.relating to the recovering, allowing, or from thence paying of any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that (hah cea^feex time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or fors.iture relating cept arrears: thereto respectively which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the said first day of Augufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said thereof there first day of Augufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be paid in lieu and instead of the said duties by this a£t repealed, there the following shall be raised, levied, eolied.ed, and paid, unto his Majesty, his duties, viz. heirs and successors, the several sums of money and duties of

excise.hereio-after mentioned (that is to fay), For every bushel rasse.fo £ of fait that shall be made at any fait work, or raised or taken out Scotland, 4s. of any fait mine or fait pit in Scotland four (hillings ; and fo in per bushel; proportion for any greater or less quantity: for every bushel of and if import-fait which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, accompanied with a certifie.te from the proper officer that it more. hath paid the duty of four (hillings hereby impeded for every bushel of fait made at any fait work, or raised or taken out of any fait mine or fait pit in Scotland, fix (hillings; and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

III.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said The draw-firs. day of Augufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, back^ follow-the following drawbacks and allowane.s shall be made, allowed, Jhe*rJeufa- ° and paid, out of the duties by this aeft imposed, under, subject, tions of

and according to all and singular the rules, regulations, and re- 38 Geo. 3.

ftri&ions, contained in an adt passed in the thirty-eighth year of c* .89» f° he

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for transferring ^  *

the management of the fait duties to the commis. oners of excise, and for

repealing the duties oki fait, and the drawbacks, allowane.s, and bounties

paid thereout; and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowane.s

and bounties thereon; (that is to fay), For every bushel of fait which For fait

shall.be made in Scotland, (rock fait excepted), for which all the exported'; * '

duties due and payable thereon shall be paid, or secured to be paid,

and which (hall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond

the seas, a drawback or allowane. of four (hillings: for every and for fait

bush.l of fait of the manus.cture of Scotland, which (hall be used, Q^jn^ins

employ.d. spent, and consumed, in making oxiginated muriatick niunattekacid

acid in Scotland, for the bleaching of linen and cotton, four fhil- in Scotland 4s*

lings; and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity: pro- per bush.l.

vided always,That the said last.mentioned drawback or allowane.

shall.be in lieu and instead of all former drawback or allowane.

for or in respect of fait to be used, employ.d. spent, or con-

sum.d, ip making oxiginated muriatick acid in Scotland.  Duties to be

IV.  And be it further enact.ed, That ftrch of the duties by under the ma* fhis a61 imposed as (hall arise or become payable in England, shall nagement of \>c ynder th«p management of the commissioners of excise in Eng- rioneiTpf'ex*-

land die*

5fCo Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798.

land for the time being; and such thereof as (hall arise or become payable in Scotland, (hall be under the management of the com-missioner. of excise in Scotland for the time being.

V.  And be it further enabled, That all the monies from time ties to be paid to time arising by the duties by this abl imposed (the necessary into the ex- charges of raising and accounting for the fame resp.blively exchequer. cepted) (hall, from and after the palling of this abt, from time

to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wefmtnfer% and the said money fo paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VI.  And whereas the duties hereby repealed by an a51 pajfed in this fejjton of parhame.t, appropriated and applied in manner there-

Appropriation by directed*, be it theres.re enabled, That the duties on-fait here-ot the duties, by granted shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like manner as the duties hereby repealed were direbled to'be appro-p  priated  and applied.

j» Car! 2  VIL  And be it further enabled, That all and every the powers,

c. 24. extend- directions, rules, penalties, fors.itures, clauses, matters, and ed to this a£h things, which, in and by an abl, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capit e' and by knights service and purveyance, and forsettling.a revenue upon his Majessy.in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Maieffy7s revenue of excise, are provided and ellablished.for managing, raising, levying, collebling, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or aseer.ainingy the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases.for which other provisions are made and prese.red by this abl), shall be prablifed, used, and put in execu-cution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collebling, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punithing frauds relating thereto, as fully and esse.lually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, fors.itures, clauses, matters, and things, were particulari. repeated and re-enabled in this prelent abl.

CAP. LXXVIIL

An a 51 to continue, until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred., and amend an aft, pajfed in the prejent fejfton of parhame.t, for continuing an a51 of the lajl JeJfion of parhame.t, for granting to his Majefy additional duties on dijiil levies, in the fever a I parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time; and for regulating the dyties on dijlilleries in the resp.5live diflri5is in Scotland , and for anting to his Majefy certain additional duties on spirits dif tilied.for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in dif illation in Scotland.---[ July 12, 1799*]

WHEREAS 

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78.  301

WHEREAS an aft was made in the present session of parhame.t, Preamble* intituled, A\n a61 to continue until the tenth day oijuly one 39 Oco. 3* thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an adt, passed c- 3X> recited} in the last session of parhame.t, videlicet, On the twenty-ninth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for  \

granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the fe-veral parts of the highlands of Scotland for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective difirid.s in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilied.for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland; which was to continue in force until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: and whereas it is proper and expect.ent that the said aft Jhould he further continued and amended, and that further provisions should be made for the better regulating andsecuring.the duties thereby continued; and for preventing frauds and evasions in relation thereto: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be ir enacted by the King's moil excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said a<51, and all the duties thereby and, except continued, (save.and except the further duty of excise of one the further Chilling for and upon every galion.of Britijh spirits found upon the first actual survey by the proper officer upon or after the thir-  fjirits

teenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in flock on in the stock, custody, or poste.fion of any distiller, rect.fier, com- June 13,1798* pounder, dealer in or retailer of spirits, in any part of Scotland, ^^ued^o and as shall be herein-after further excepted and enacted., November io» and all the powers, provisions, regulations, clauses, matters, and 1800, things therein contained, (except as herein-after excepted or altered), shall, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be further continued and in force, and the fame are hereby further continued in force until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred exelusive.

II.  And be it further enacted. That every licence for the dif- Licences for tilling, making, or manus.cturing of low wines or spirits in the tl^ ki^ands lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mix- Qr for rectifying of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scotland\ which shall have ing in any been granted or renewed upon or after the tenth day of Oftober P *rt °f Scot-

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which was t0 hnd, which

/ o '  were to coii-

continue in force from the said tenth day of Oftober one thousand tinue in torce

seven.hundred and ninety-eight inclust.e, to the tenth day of to July 10,

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exelusive, shall x799; further

be further continued and in force from the said tenth day of July  to

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inelusive, to the 1799‘ rubje€t

tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety- to the'lame

nine exelusive, and no longer, subject to the fame rate of duty rate duty,

for or in respect thereof, and under the fame terms, conditions, ^v^ncVb"

regulations, restrict.ons, provisions, penalties, and fors.itures, as two inst.i-

were contained in or continued by the said acl, save and except ments*

as is herein-after altered and excepted; and that every perse. to

whom

Licences for (Milling in the lowlands, or for rectifying in any part of Scotland, granted or renewed,

302 Ahho regni tricenmo nono Georgxi III. c. 78. [1798,

whom such licence shall have been granted, and which licence {hall not have been or (hall not be vacated upon the conditions in the said a<51 exp relied, {hall, and he or she is hereby required, on the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to pay down in advane., in ready money, to the proper officer appointed to receive the fame, one moiety of the full sum payable under such licence, for the subsequent four months, from the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the said tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall, on the tenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, pay down, in ready money, in advane., the other moiety of the said full sum payable under such licence, for the period aforesaid.

III.  And be it further enabled, That every licence for the dif-tilling, making, or manus.cturing of, low wines or spirits in the lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scotland, which (hall be granted or renewed upon or after the said tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inelusive, (hall be upon or after and continue in force from the said tenth day of November one November xo, thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inelusive, to the tenth day force't^o Nov°  November one thousand eight hundred exelusive; and that,

10 1800 and uPon or previous to the granting of any such licence, the person the duty’to or persons applying for the fame shall, before he, she, or they be paid in be entitled to (uch licence, pay down in advane., in ready money, to the proper officer of excise appointed to receive the fame, one sixth part of the full sum payable under such licence, from the said tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inelusive, to the tenth day of January following exelusive; and (hall, on or before the said tenth day of January one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advane., one other sixth part; and shall, on or before the tenth day of March one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advane., one other sixth part; and shall, on or before the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advane., one other sixth.part; and shall, on or before the tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advane., one other sixth part; and shall, on or before the tenth day of September one thousand eight hundred, paydown in ready money, in advane., the remaining sixth part of the said full sum, payable under such licence, from the said tenth day of September one thousand eight hundred inelusive, to the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred exelusive. beCCrailJ1 for  ^nd ^ further enacted, That it lhall and may be law-

stil.nn the ^ f°r t^ie comrniffioners of excise in Scotland to grant licences highlands to all persons applying for the fame, and duly recommended and within the qualisle. to erect, keep, and work {fills, in the highlands of Scot-fenbed^in  fond, within the respect.ive counties, parts of counties, and limits

33 Geo. 3.  particulari. specified and dele.ibed in two a<5ls of the thirty-

c. 61. and  third and thirty-seven.h years of the reign of his present Ma-

37 Geo. 3.  jelly, from the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and

* J  ninety-

advane. by instain.ents.

by 

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgix III. c. 78.  303

ninety-nine inchis.ve, until t!ie tenth' day of November one thou- Nov. io,iSoo* land eight hundred exelusive, and no longer, upon payment the^fkme the fame and no higher rate of duty'for or in resp.£t of such h- rate of duty cenccs to which dirtilleries in the laid respective dist.idfs were as under the subject and liable under the said adt of the thirty-seven.h year of latter adL the reign of his present Majesty, for the whole year, between the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the fist. day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, <md in the fame proportion, according to the time or number of days for which the said licences shall be granted and / in force, that is to fay. For the time between the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inelusive, and the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred exelusive, and subject to and under the fame terms, conditions, regulations, refiri£fions, provisions, penalties, and fors.itures, as were contained in the said recited acct. of the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, or any of them ; save and except that when the licence ^'lC^g duty after the rate of nine pounds shall be paid for or upon each galion.of a dill, of forty galion. content, such duty shall be held the duty on to be the licence duty on the spirits manus.ctured in such dill, certain quan-from and after the aforesaid tenth day of July one thousand seven t‘t^es hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforesaid tenth day of July {herein w^hln one thousand eight hundred, to the extent of three thousand certain pe-three hundred and twenty galion. Euglijh wine measure of fpi- riods, and For rits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no e£e,T more; that when the licence duty after the said rate of nine quantis.es \ pounds shall be paid for or upon each galion.of a till of forty duty to be* galion. content, such duty shall be held to be the licence duty paid of on the spirits manus.ctured in such (fill, from and after the said 2S-tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred, until the aforesaid tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, to the extent of one thousand one hundred and fix galion. Englijh wine measure of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; that when the licence duty after the rate of fix pounds and ten {hillings Fhall be paid for or upon each galion.of a' {fill of forty galion. content, such duty shall be held to be the licencp duty on the spirits manus.ctured in such still, from and after the aforesaid tenth day of July one thousand Teven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforesaid tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred, to the extent of two thousand two hundred and eighty galion. Engllfy wine measure of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and that when the licence duty after the said rate of fix pounds and ten {hillings (hall be paid for or upon each galion.of a still of forty galion. content, such duty (hall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manus.ctured in such (fill, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred, urt^ til the aforesaid tenth day of November one thousand eight, hundred, to the extent of (even hundred and sixty galion. Euglify , wine measure of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydro*-

meter

 G< le

3°4

On giving previous notice, licences may be delivered up to be vacated.

Excife officers may at any time enter still.ouses,

Sec. to take account of ttock.

Anno regni tricefuno nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798*

meter proof, and no more; and w-hen any such licence duties shal. be respectively paid for any still of a lesser size, the like proportion shall be observed respectively, as to the quantity of spirits for which such licence duty shal. be held to have been paid; and that, for and upon all spirits which shall be manus.ctured from such licensed (fills between the days aforesaid, over and above the respect.ve quantities aforesaid, there shall be paid on demand by every such distiller, a duty at and after the rate of two (hillings and sixpence for each galion.of such surplus spirits of the strength aforesaid, over and above the said respect.ive licence duties.

V.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be laws.l for any person or persons licensed by the said commis.ioners. of excise to ereds, keep, and work, any {fill or f|i]ls, for the dif-tilling, making, or manus.cturing of low wines or spirits, in the lowlands ot Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, or for the redli-fying, compounding,-or mixing' of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scotland; or tor any person or persons licensed by the said commissioners of excise to erect, keep, and work (tills in the highlands of Scotland, between the said tenth day of July one thousand (even hundred and ninety-nine, and the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to the said commissioners, or to the proper supervisor of the district or officer of the diviiion, to be vacated upon the condition herein-after expressed, and at the time herein-after particulari. mentioned ; that is to fay. Every such person or persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to be vacated, (hall give to the (aid coiil-missioner., supervisor, or officer, fist.en days previous notice in writing, signed by such person or persons of such intention, before he, (he, or they (hall be entitled to dise.ntinue the working of his, her, or their (till or (fills, licensed as aforesaid, and thereupon the said commissioners, supervisor, or officer, (hall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the (aid licence or licences, but not sooner than at and from the end of any one calendar month, for which time the licence duty has been actually paid in advane. by such person or persons, and in that cafe the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in respect. of such (fill or hills for the unexpired time of his, her, or their licences, during which the working of the said still or stills (hall be dise.n-tinued, shall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by such person or persons who shall have given such notice as aforesaid, and ceased to work the said still or stills from and after the time specified in such notice.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the officers of excise, and each and every of them, duly constituted and appointed, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, and have right, by night or day, to enter into and continue in every still.ouse, storehouse, warehoule, celiar, or other place made use of by any distiller, rect.fier, or compounder, in

any

3° 5

179^*1 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78.

any part of Scotland, for making or keeping worts, wash, low wines, or spirits, and by gauging, measuring, or other wife, in such manner and by such instrument as to such officer or officers shall appear most proper and esse.tual for that purpose, to take account of the quantity, quality, and strength of the worts, wash, low wines, and spirits, in the flock, custody, or poss.ssion, of every such distiller, re£tifier, or compounder, and also of the quantity, quality, and strength of the worts, waft, low wines, and spirits, which shall from time to time be brewed, made, dif-tilied, rectified, compounded, or kept, by such distiller, redlisle., or compounder, and to enter such account, as well of the worts, wash, and low wines, as of the spirits, in a book or books to be kept by such officer or officers for that purpose.

VII.  And be it further enact.ed, That all spirits made by any Spirits shall be licensed distiller shall be immediately run from the still into a1 from^the proper cask, vessel, or other receiver, to be provided by and at frni into are-the expence of such distiller, and duly entered and gauged forCeiveros. that purpose, which cask, vessel, or receiver, shall be of a capa- iize Efficient city or size sufficient to contain and hold the whole of the spirits  „

which shall or may be made or dist.lied by such distiller in anyald^^^° or each day, and shall be placed and kept in the fame house or placed near place where the still is worked, and as near to the discharge cock the discharge of such still as conveniently may be, and not under ground, or ^ock^and^ hid or concealed from open view; that such cask, vessel, or re-, e^a an^j n°0cts" ceiver, and every pipe, tube, or communie.tion therewith con- opened but to neeste., shall be kept locked.down and secured to the satis.adiion take account of the proper supervisor or officer of excise, and such cask, vessel, the m'xd* or receiver, shall not be opened but by such officer, to take an beforeTc-6 account of the spirits contained therein, which he is empowered count taken, and required to do at the least each and every day, {Sundays ex- to be fors.it-cepted), or osten.r, as he may fee cause; that all the spirits dist.l-e^> an^ led, after being run into such cask, vessel, or receiver as afore- ^er on# -said, shall be therein kept by such distiller for the space of twenty-four hours at least, unless the fame shall have been sooner taken account of and charged with duty by the proper officer or supervisor, unmixed with and separate and apart from the flock of all other spirits which had been before taken such account of, on pain of fors.iting all the spirits fo mixed before account taken, with two pounds per galion: provided always,

That such fors.iture or penalty shall not be incurred by reason or Forfeiture not

on account of

any small differene. in or from the manner of for any gauging or measuring the said spirits, the proof of the cause of differene. iu which differene., and that it had arisen without intention ofguaging. fraud or evasion, shall be upon the distiller or claimer, and not upon the officer who seized the said spirits; and if any distiller shall refuse or negleet.to provide such sufficient cask, vessel, or re- orovkUng receiver, as aforesaid, or to place^he fame as herein-before directed, ceivcrs, See, or to provide sufficient fastenings thereto, and to every pipe from the still therewith connected, or if such distiller (hall not run off . all his spirits immediately from the still into such cask, vessel, or receiver, or shall open the fame before an account of such spirits Vol. -XLII,  X  has

to be incurred

306 Anno regni tticefimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798*

has been taken by the officer, he or (he for each and every such offence shall fors.it and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

For every gal- VIII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller in the the dist.Uer ^0Vv^anc^s °f Scotland (hall, for every one hundred galion. of wash ihall produce PtePared ^rom anY f°rt of Britijh materials, or any mixture thereto the excise with for extracting spirits for confurrtption in Scotland, found in officer certain his or her custody, produce to the proper officer of excise at least quantities of eleven galion. Englijh wine measure of spirits of the strength of forThe defi one to ten over hydrometer proof; that every distiller in the intermediate dist.iCl herein-before described shall, for every one hundred galion. of wash prepared from barley, bear, or bigg, of the growth of the said counties, or any mixture therewith, found in his or her cuftodv, produce to the officer at least nine galion. Englijh wine measure of spirits of the strength aforesaid ; and that every distiller in the Highland district, herein-before described, shall, for every one hundred galion. of wash prepared from barley, bear, or bigg, of the growth of the said counties, or any mixture therewith, found in his or her custody, produce to the officer, at least fix galion. Englijh wine measure of spirits of the strength aforesaid; and that in every cafe where the produce of spirits extracted by any such distiller resp.Clively, and produced to the proper officer of excise, shall fall short of the respect.ve proportions herein-before mentioned, every such distiller shall, and he or she is hereby made chargeable with and shall pay a duty of excise of two (hillings for every galion.of spirits which (hall be deficient of the respective quantities above mentioned ; and if desau.t shall be made on such payment, the distiller making such desau.t shall fors.it double the amount of the said duty by this aCl imposed, for or ,in resp.CI of such deficiency.

No spirits to IX. And be it further enacted, That no spirits whatever shall ^idfout'a ^  ke lent out of the hock, custody, or possession, of any distiller,

permit, on  re&ifier, or compounder, or shall be removed from the house,

pain of  building,  work,  or other place, wherein the fame were made or

fors.iture, manus.ctured, rectified, compounded, or kept, or (hall be car-flls^£ and riec* ^rom one P^ace t0 an°ther, by land or by water, without a 7os*. per gal- permit granted and signed by the proper officer of excise of the Ion,  division,  upon a request note subs.ribed by the distiller, re&ifier,

or compounder, and delivered to such officer, specifying therein the quantity, quality, and strength of such spirits, and the package thereof, the person from whom, the perfoa to whom, and the place where, the fame are to be sea., which permit (hall be made to correspond, in respect to the several particulars aforesaid, with such request note ; and shall also limit therein a reason.able time within which the said permit is to be in force, on pain of fors.iting all such spirits as shall be sea. out, removed, or carried, or found removing or carrying, without such permit as aforesaid ; which said spirits, with the casks, veste.s, and other packages, containing the fame, ami also the veste.s and boats, horses and other cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removal or conveyance thereof, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and shall be fors.ited and lofts any law, euftom,

or

ciency ill all pay zs. per galion, and if not paid shall fors.it double.

179S.J Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78.  3°7

or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: and if any distiller, redifier, or compounder, shall fend or carry, or knowingly permit or suffer to be sent or carried, from his or her flock, custody, or possession, or from the house,1 building, work, or other place, wherein the fame were made, manus.dured, rectified, compounded, or kept, any spirits whatever without such permit as aforesaid, or with permit not corresponding thereto in quantity, quality, or strength, every such distiller, redifier, or compounder, shall, over and above the fors.iture of the said spirits, if seized, fors.it and lose the sum of twenty shillings fter-ling for every galion, Englift) wine measure, of the spirits fo sent out, of whatever strength. the fame may be, and whether the said spirits shall or shall not be seized.

X.  And be it further enacted. That no distiller or redifier N°British.shall fell or fend out from or in any part of Scotland, any Britijk ^Jdbyany spirits of a greater degree of strength than that of one to ten over distiller or hydrometer proof, or shall fell or fend out from or in any part redifier

of the lowlands of Scotland, such spirits, in cask, vessel, or pack- above a cer-age, not containing at lead thirty galion. Englijh wine measure, ^en^th^nor or shall fell or fend out from or in any part of the interme- underacer-diate district herein-before described, any such spirits in cask, vef- tain quantity, fel, or package, not containing at lead fist.en galion. Eng- ”or fold or lijh wine measure, or shall fell or fend out from or in any part of dease. below the highland district herein-before. described, any such spirits in a certain decade, vessel, or other package, not containing at least nine galion. gree of Englijh wine measure; and that no dealer in or retailer of spirits length, on in any part of Scotland shall fell or fend out, or have or keep in his or her custody or possession, any Britijh spirits of a lower degree of strength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof, on pain of fors.iting all such spirits as shall be fold, sent out, had, or kept, contrary to the provisions aforesaid, or any of them, with the casks, vefleis, or other packages, containing the fame, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XI.  And be it further enacted, That every distiller of spirits ^ |rjts^for° for consumption in Scotland shall be, and he or she is hereby re- consumption quired and obliged to make, upon oath, and to deliver to the in Scotland to proper officer of excise of the division in which his or her dist.l- deliver to the lery is carried on, monthly and every month, a true entry or re- ^monUilv^e turn in writing, signed by him or her, of the respective quantities turn on oath of malt and unmalted grain used by such distiller at every maih of malt and during the preceding month, and of the quantity and number of unmalted _ galion. of spirits, and the strength thereof, produced from such the^^ecedii”’* malt or grain; which said entry or return shall also contain the month, and° true number of galion. and strength of the spirits diddled in ofthequan-each day of such month, with the dates of the respective brew- hty and ings thereof, on pain to fors.it the sum of two hundred pounds

r 0  - inr c r 1  *  r  ,  r  the lpintsdi-

for every negleet.or retulal to make such entry or return upon bilied, on pe-

oath monthly and every month, and which oath shall be made nalty of stool.

with and administered by the collector, supervisor, or officer of

collection, district, or division, within which the said distillery is

x 2  carried

3o8 Anno regni tricefmio nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798.

carried on, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the fame.

XII.  And whereas it is reason.hle that all barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain, which shall be used, unmalted, or raw, for the purpose of the dtft illation of spirits for consumption in Scotland, Jhould pay a duty according to the weight thereof, in lieu of that duty which Excifeoffice.s malt noiv pays; be it theres.re further enabled, That, from and countosmalt. a^ter tent^ day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-and of (rrain ’ nine> the officers of cxcife, and each and every of them, duly unmalted be- constituted and appointed, shall be, and they are hereby autho-fore put into rifed, empowered, and required, from time to time, to measure, the mash tun, wejg|l5 ancj take an account of the exa<fl quantity and weight of a'duty  all the malt, and also of all the barley, bear, or bigg, or other

is. 3d. per corn or grain, unmalted or raw, which is to be used for the pur-cwt. on the pose of difiliation by any distiller in any part of Scotland, im* a^heraniiKn6*mec^atety before the fame or any part thereof shall be put into tioned.  the mash tun, and to charge a duty of one ffiilling and three-

pence for and upoiv every hundred weight, or one hundred and twelve pounds weight avoirdupois, of such barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain, unmalted or raw; which duty shall be paid by every such distiller, at the fame time and in the fame manner, and under the like provisions, penalties, and fors.itures, as the duty upon malt is payable or paid by him or her, if he or flie is a maker of malt, or if such distiller is not a maker of malt, at the fame time and in the fame manner, and under the dike provisions, penalties, and fors.itures, as the additional duty upon spirits by this a£I continued is directed to be paid by such Penalty of distiller; and if any distiller, maltster, or other person in any too!-tor mix-p3rt Qf Scotland, (hall, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, mix any bar-

ing unmalted

grain with -  .  .  .  -

malt, before ley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain, unmalted, or raw,

an account

has been taken measur.cl or by the excise officer.

38 Geo. c. 93.

with malt ground or unground, before the fame shall have been v/eighed, and the account thereof taken by the proper officer of excise as afores.iJ, or at any other time or times than immediately before the fame is put into the mash tun, which such distiller is hereby required and obliged to do or cause to be clone in the presene. of the proper officer, and after havinggiven to him twenty-four hours previous notice of intention to mash such grain, or if any such distiller shall neglets. or refuse to give such notice of the intention to mash or to keep sufficient and just seale. and weights, or to permit the officer to use the fame for the purpose aforesaid, or shall not, when required, with a sufficient number of his or her seryan.s assist such officer in the doing thereof, he or she shall, for each and every such offence, fors.it and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIII.  And whereas by an att made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majessy, it was enabled, That if any dijliller or dijliliers.in Scotland shall work or charge any Jlill or fills on the Lord’s Day, commonly calied.Sunday; that is to fay, That if any Jlill or fills fall not be completely discharged and worked off at or before eleven of the clock on Saturday nighty and Jhtill not continue

file.t

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79.  309

filent or uncharged till one of the clock on Monday morning following, or if any fill or fills shall he found charged or at work, or filied.with any thing other than water, between the hours of eleven of the clock on Saturday night and one of the clock on Monday morning throughout the year, then every such difiller or distiliers.shall fors.it and lose the sum of five hundred pounds for each offence, and for every time any fill or fills shall, on Sunday or betiveen the hours of oresaid, he fo worked or charged; any cufioin or if age to the contrary in anywfe notwithsanding: and whereas it is necessary to make further provi-fon a gain ft any distiller charging or working his fill or fills on Sunday, or between the hours of eleven of the clock on Saturday night and one of the clock on Monday morning; be it theres.re further enact.ed, That every distiller in any part of Scotland lhall, at his Distiller. shall or her own expence, provide sufficient locks, keys, and ^a^en- affix\ocks to-ings, to be approved of in writing by the surveyor or supervisor the head and of the district, and shall affix the fame to the head or heads, and charge cock charge cock, of his or her hill or stills, which are therewith to of their (tills, be securely locked.and sealed by the officer on each and every and sealed.v Saturday night throughout the year, before the hour of twelve the excise of the clock, and not to be opened again but by such officer, officer every nor until after the hour of twelve of the clock on Sunday night Saturday following; and if any such distiller shall negleet.or refuse to pro- ojfeped^every vide and affix such sufficient locks, keys, and faitenings as afore- Sunday night, said, or to pay for the fame, or (hall by any means, device, or Penalty of contrivane., open the head or charge cock of his or her still or iool. on dif-stills.after the fame shall have been locked. sealed, and secured, tiliers.for not by the officer as aforesaid, or shall wilfully damage any such lock, P^?v.Ic^np sea.,/or other fastening, every such distiller lhall, for every such or for opening offence, fors.it and lose the sum of one hundred pounds,  them.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for the more esse.t.al sup.rcffion osso.ieties.cfahlished.for sedition. and treasonable purpojes; and for better preventing treasonable andfictitious practices.—[July 12, 1799.]

4.'

WHE RE AS a tr alter ous conspiracy has long been carried on, in Preamble* conjunction \with the persons from time to time exercifng the powers of government fin France, to overturn the laws, consitu.ion, and government, and every existing efablisk.ent, civil and ecclcfwfi* cal, both in Great Britain and Ireland, and to disolve.the connection between the two kingdoms, Jo necejjhry to the security and prof perity of both: and whereas, in pursuance of such design, and in order to carry the fame into efifest, divers societies have been of late years insitu.ed in this kingdom, and in the kingdom ^'Ireland, of a new and dangerous nature, ineon.istent v/ith publick tranquillity, and with the ex fence of regular government, particulari. certain Jocieties calling themjelyes.Societies of United English.e., United Scots.en,

United Britons, United Iritlimen, and The London Correspond.ing Society : and whereas the members of many of such jocieties have taken unlaws.l oaths and engagements of fidelity and Jcere.y, and ujed fee ret signs, and appointed committees, seer.ta.ies^ and other officers.

no

Certain fo-cieties sup.press.d.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. 79. [1798.

in a seer.t manner ; and many of such societies are composed of different diviflons, branches, or parts, which communie.te with each other by seer.taries, delegates, or otherwise, and by means thereof 'maintain an influence over large bodies of men, and delude many ignorant and unwary persons into the commis.lon of adls highly criminal: and whereas it is expect.ent and necessary that all such societies as aforesaid, and all societies of the like nature, flmild be utterly sup.pres.ed and prohibited, as unlaws.l combinations and confederacies, highly dangerous to the peace and tranquillity of these kingdoms and to the constitution of the government thereof as by law established: be it enabled by the King’s mofl excelien. majessy, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this a&, all the said societies of United Ettglijlimen, United Scots.en, United Irifh-men, and United Britons, and the said society commonly calied.The London Corresponding.Society, and all other societies calied.Corresponding.Societies, of any other city, town, or place, (hall be, and the fame are hereby utterly sup.refTed and prohibited, as being unlaws.l combinations and confederacies against the government of our sovereign lord the King, and against the peace

All societies, the members whereof shal.

be deemed unlaws.l,

and security of his Majelly’s liege subjects.

II.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the palling of this a6l, all and every the said fb-berequirecto.cieties, and also every other society now established, or hereast.r take any oath to be established, the members whereof shall, according to the not autho- rules thereof, or to any provision or agreement for that purpose, mThalshay..rect.^rec^ or admitted to take any oath or engagement, which any commit- shall he an unlaws.l oath or engagement within the intent and tees not meaning of an adl, palied.in' the thirty-seven.h year of his Ma-known to the jelly’s reign, intituled, An act for more esse.tually preventing the society.at ^ admints.ering or taking of unlaws.l oaths, or to take any oath not *  - c ** required or authorised by law; and every society, the members

whereof, or any of them, shall take, or in any manner bind them-selve. by any such oath or engagement, on becoming or in con-sequene..of being members of such society f and every society, the members whereof shall take, subs.ribe, or assent, to any tefl or declaration not required by law, or not authorised in manner herein-after mentioned ; and every society, of which the names of the members, or of any of them, shall be kept seer.t from the society at large, or which shall have any committee or select.body fo chosen or appointed, that the members conllituting the fame shall not be known by the society at large to be members of such committee or fe!e£l body, or which shall have any president, treasurer, seer.tary, delegate, or other officer fo chosen or appointed, that the election or appointment of such persons to such offices shall not be known to the society at large, or of which the names of all the members, and of all committees or fele£l bodies of members, and of all presidents, treasurers, seer.taries, delegates, and other officers, shall not be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to be open to the inspec.

tion

1798.] Anno regm tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. 3IX

tion of all the members of such society; and every society which shall be composed of different divisions or branches, or of different parts, acting in any manner separately or distine. from each other, or of which any part shall have any separate or dirtinst.president, seer.tary, treasurer, delegate, or other officer, elected or appointed by or for such parr, or to aft as an officer for such part; shall be deemed and taken to be unlaws.l combinations and confederacies; and every person, who from and after the paf- ^ereof^nd^8 sing of this aft, shall become a member of any such society, or persong.cor_ who being a member of any such society, at the parting of this responding, aft, shall afterwards aft as a member thereof; and every person who, See. with

'after the parting of this aft, shall direct.ly or indirectly maintain S'11**?

-  1.  &  .  ’  .  .  /  1  r  .  J  . . of an unlaws.l

correspond.nce or intercourse with any such society, or with any comNation.

division, branch, committee, or other select body, president, trea-

surer, seer.tary, delegate, or other officer, or member thereof a$

such, or who shall, by contribution of money or otherwise, aid,

abet, or support such society, or any members or officers thereof

as such ; shall be deemed guilty of an unlaws.l combination and

confederacy.

III.  Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no- Aftnottoex-thing herein contained shall extend to any declaration to be clarations^n-taken, subs.ribed, or assented to by the members of any society, pr0ved by in cafe the form of such declaration shall have been first approved two justices, and ftfbscribed.by two or more of his Majesty’s justices of the an.d registered peace for the county, stewart.y, riding, division, or place, where ofthepeace^ such society shall ordinarily assemble, and shall have been regi-stere. with the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for such county, stewart.y, riding, division, or place, for which there (hall be Such appro-paid a fee of one shilling and no more; but that such approba- C0n^"med at tion of the justices as aforesaid shall remain valid and esse.tual the next ge-no longer than until the next general session for such county, neral quarter stewart.y, riding, division, or place, unless the fame shall, on ap- session. plie.tion made by the parties coneer.ed, be confirmed by the major part of the justices present at such general fefiion; and if the fame shall not be then and there fo confirmed, the provi-fions of this aft shall from thenceforth extend to such declara-

tion, and to all societies or persons subs.ribing the fame, in fo. far as may relate to all 3fts which may be done by them, or any of them, subsequent to the holding of such general fefiion.

IV.  Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person who, Members riot at or before the parting of this aft, shall be, or shall have been pa{sing.thiY

a member of any such society, lhalL be liable to any pain or pe- aft, not liable nalty for having been a member of such society at or before the to penalty, parting of this aft, in cafe such person shall not in any manner aft as a member of such society at any time after the parting of this aft.

V.  And whereas certain societies have been long accustomed to be holden in this kingdom under the denomination of Lodges of Free Mafons, the meetings whereof have been in great measure directed

to charitable purpoJes-y be it theres.re enacted, That nothing in Not to extend this aft shall extend to the meetings of any such society or lodge

x 4  which  free maso.a

312 held before palling this ■aft.

But two

members of each lodge (hall certify the fame on

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 111. c. 79- [179*.

which (hall, before the patting of this aft, have been usually holden under the said denomination and in conformity to the rules prevailing among the said societies of free maso.s.

VI.  Provided always, That this exemption (hail not extend to any such society, unless two of the members composing the fame shall certify uppn oath, (which oath any justice of the peace or ether magistrate is hereby empowered to administer., oath and de- ^iat: foch society or lodge has, before the palling of this aft, posit..cheer.been usually held under the denomination of a Lodge of Free tificate within Mafons, and in conformity to the rules prevailing among the fo-wTtl^S^ckrb c*et*es or fo^ges °f free masons in this kingdom ; which certitt-Gf the peace/ cate duly artehed by the magistrate before whom the fame shall with whom be sworn and subs.ribed by the persons fo certifying, shall, with-the name of in the space of two calendar months after the passing of this aft, th- names^of deposited Wlt^ the clerk of the peace for the county, stewart.y, the members riding, division, (hire, or place, where such society or lodge hath and the time ’ been usually held : provided also, That this exemption (hall not and place of extend to any such society or lodge, unless the name or denomi-b/r-nhei*ed^ nat^on thereof, and the usual place or places, and the time or yeai-]y  times of its meetings, and the names and deferiptions of all and

every the members thereof, be registered with such clerk of the peace as aforesaid, within two months after the passing of this aft, and also on or before the twenty-fist. day of March in every succeeding year.

VII.  And be it enacted. That the clerk of the peace, or the person acting in his belial., in any such county, .stewart.y, riding, division, (hire, or place, is hereby authorised and required to receive such certifie.te, and make such registry as aforesaid, and to enrol the fame among the records of such county, session yearly, stewart.y, riding, division, (hire, or place, and to lay the fame, der°^nyTod"e once *n evei7 year, before the general session of the justices for ■c b such county, stewart.y, riding, division, fnire, or place; and that it (hall and may be laws.l for the laid justices, or for the major part of them, at any of their general sessions, if they shall fo think fit, upon. Complaint made to them, upon oath, by any one or more credible persons, that the continuance of the meetings of any such lodge or society is likely to be injurious to the publick peace and good order, to dires. that the meetings of any such society or lodge within such county, stewart.y, riding, division, (hire, or place, shall from thenceforth be discontinued; and any such meeting held, notwithstanding such order or discontinuance, and before the fame shall, by the like authority, be reyoked, shall be deemed an unlaws.l combination and confederacy under the pro-fions of this aft.

V III. And be it further enacted. That every person who, at any time after the passing of this aft, shall in breach of the pro-visions.thereof, be guilty of any such unlaws.l combination and confederacy, as in this aft is deferibed, shall and may be proceeded against for such offence in a summary way, either before one or mere justice or justices of the peace for the county, stewart.y, riding, division, city, town, or place, where such person shall.

happen

Clerk of the peace to lay such certifie.te and registry before the general

to be discontinued, if likely to be injurious to the pu'olick peace.

How offenders may be proceeded against,

3*3

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. happen to be, or by indiClment to be prese.red in the county, riding, diviiion, city, town, or place* in England, wherein such offence shal. be committed, or by indictment in the court ofjuf-ticiary, or in any of the circuit courts in Scotland, if the offence {hall be committed in Scotland; and every perlon being convicted of any such offence, on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, by such justice or justices as aforesaid, shal. be by him or them committed to the common gaol or house of correction for such county, stewart.y, riding, division, city, town, or place, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for the term, of three calendar months, or shal. be by such justice or justices adjudged to fors.it and pay the sum of twenty pounds, as to such justice or justices (hall seem meet; and in cafe such sum of money shal. not be forthwith paid into the hands of such justice or juslices, he or they shal. by warrant under his or their hand and sea., or hands and seals, caule the fame to be levied by dif-tress.and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale, and, for want of fustic.ent dist.els, (hall commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction of such county, flewartry, riding, division, city, town, or place, as aforesaid, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and every person convicted of any such offence upon indictment by due course of law, {hall and may be transported for the term of (even years, in the manner provided by law for transportation of offenders, or im-prisoned.for any time not exceeding two years, as the court before whom such offender shal. be tried shal. think fit'; and every such offender, who (hall be ordered to be transported, shal. be subj.Cl and liable to all laws coneer.ing offenders ordered to be transported.

IX.  Provided always. That it shal. be laws.l for the justice or justices of the peace, by or before whom any person shal., in pursuance of this aCl, be conviCted of any unlaws.l combination or confederacy, and such justice and justices is and are hereby authorised and empowered (if he or they shal. fee cause. to mitigate and lessen the puniftnnent herein- before directed to be infliste..upon any offender against this aCl, fo convicted.s aforesaid, fo as the puni(limen. be not thereby reduced to less than one third of the punislimen. hereby directed to be infliste..as aforesaid, whether such punislimen. shal. be by imprisonment or fine.

X.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any person who shal. be prosecuted before any justice or justices of the peace, in a summary way, for any offence against this a Cl, and shal. be conviCled or aequi.ted by such justice or justices, shal. not afterwards be prosecuted, or be liable to be prosecuted, by indiClment or otherwise, for the fame offence; and fo in like manner any person who shal. be convicted or aequi.ted upon any indiClment for any offence against this aCl, shal. not afterwards be prosecuted, or be liable to be prosecuted before any justice or justices of the peace, in a summary way, for the fame offence*

XI. Pro-

and how punished.

Juslice. may mitigate pu-niflimen..

Perfons prosecuted either before a justice, or indi<ft> ed, not liable to other pro-fecution.

 CjOO^Ic

3*4

Offenders may be indieted, if not prosecuted.

still.liable to

prosecution.

Penalty for

permitting

unlaws.l

meetings.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

XI.  Provided also, That nothing in this aft contained shall extend to prevent an^ prosecution by indictment, or otherwise, for any thing which shall be an offence within the intent and under thi^aCl. meaning of this a61, and which might have been fo prosecuted if this a6t had not been made, unless the offender shall have been prosecuted for such offence under this aft, and convicted or aequi.ted of such offence ; save only that no person shall be prosecuted for having been, before the passing of this aft, a member of any society hereby declared to be an unlaws.l combination and confedracy, if such person shall not in any manner have acted as a member of such society after the passing of this aft. Perfons in XII. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall custody or on extend to discharge any person in custody at the passing of this finVuds^aCl  or  having  been  in custody; shall have been discharged,

........  5  on bail or recognizance, from any prosecution which might have

been had against such person if this aft had not been made.

XIII.  And be it further enacted. That if any person shall knowingly permit any meeting of any society hereby declared to be an unlaws.l combination or confederacy, or of any division, branch, or committee of such society, to be held in his or her house or apartment, such person shall, for the first offence, fors.it the sum of five pounds, and shall, for any such offence committed after the date of his or her conviction for such first offence, be deemed guilty of an unlaws.l combination and confederacy in breach of this aft.

XIV.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be laws.l for Juftices on any two or more justices of the peace acting for any county, unlaws.ll. stewart.y, riding, division, city, town, or place, upon evidene. meeting being on oat^ that anY meeting of any society, hereby declared to be held, may an unlaws.l combinationand confederacy, or any meeting for any declare the seditious purpose, hath been held, after the passing of this aft, house for^ ^ at any house, roorrb or place, licensed for the sale of ale, beer, feited. ’* wine, or spirituous liquors, to adjudge and declare the licence

or licences for felling ale, beer, wine, or spirituous liquors, granted to the person or persons keeping such house, room, or place, to have been fors.ited ; and the person or persons fo keeping such house, room, or place, (hall, from and after the day of the date of such adjudication and declaration, be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and fors.itures for any aft done after that day, which such person or persons would be subject and liable to, if such licence or licences had expired, or other-wife determined on that day.

XV.  And whereas divers places have of late been used for delivering lectures or dscour.es, and holding debates, which are not within the provisions of the at7, pafjed in the thirty ffxth year of his Ma~ jeflfs reign, for the more esse.tually preventing seditious meetings and assemblies, but which lectures, dise.urfes, or debates, have in many in-fiances been of a seditious and immoral nature; and other places have of late been used for seditious and immoral purposes, under the pretence of being places of meeting for the purpose of reacting.books, pamphletr, hewfpapers, or other publications $ be it further enacted, That

every

1798.] Anno regnitricesimo.nor.o Georgii III. c. 79.  315

every house, room, field, or other place, at or in which any lec- Every place ture or discourse shall be publickly delivered, or any pulick debate of le&uring, shall be had on any subject whatever, for the purpose of rafsing.debating^or or collect.ng money, or any other valuable thing from the per-fons admitted, or to which any person (hall be admitted by pay- of raising ment of money, or by any ticket or token of any kind delivered money, to be in consideration of money or any other valuable thing, or in deemed difor-consequene..of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or p^oiTfly li-having agreed to pay or give, in any manner, any money or other denied, valuable thing, or where any money or other valuable thing shall be received from any person admitted either under pretence of paying for any refrellimen. or other thing, or under any other pretence, or for any other cause, or by means of any device or contrivane. whatever; and every house, room, orplace, which (hall be opened or used as a place of meeting, for the purpose of reacting.books, pamphlets, newspapers, or other publications, and to which any person (ball be admitted by payment of money, or by any ticket or token of any kind delivered in consideration of money or other valuable thing, or in confe-quene. of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or having agreed to pay or give, any money or other valuable thing, or where any money or other valuable thing (hall be received from any person admitted either under pretence of paying for any re-fresh.ent or other thing, or under any other pretence, or for any other cause, or by means of any device or contrivane. whatever; (hall be deemed a disorderly house or place within the intent and meaning of the said ad, parted in the thirty-llxth year of his Majesty’s reign, for the more esse.tually preventing fediti-ous meetings and assemblies, unless the fame (hall have been previously licensed in manner herein-after mentioned ; and the Penalty on person by whom such house, room, field, or place, shall be open- persons opened or used, for any of the purposes afore said, (hall fors.it the jj|fuse.c*leon.sum of one hundred pounds, for every day or time that such du&ing the' house, room, field, or place, shall be opened or used as aforesaid, proceedings, to such person as will sue for the fame, and be otherwise punished debating, as the law directs in cases.of disorderly houses; and every person  -n

managing or conducing the proceedings, or acting as modera- orcollect.^g** tor, president, or chairman, at such house, room, field, or plaie., money for fo opened or used as aforesaid, or therein debating, or delivering ad miilion, any discourse or lecture, or furnffhing.or delivering any book, ^c* pamphlet, newspaper, or other publication as aforesaid ; and also every person, who shall pay, give, collet, or receive, or agree to pay, give, collect, or receive any money, or any thing, for or in respect of the admission of any person into any such house, room, field, or place, or shall deliver out, distribute, or receive any such ticket or tickets, or token or tokens as aforesaid, knowing such house, room, field, or place to be opened or used for any such purpose as aforesaid, (hall, for every such offence, fors.it the sum of twenty pounds.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That any person who shall Perfon ap-at any time hereast.r appear, ad, or behave him or herse.f as ^ftTfliable

master.prose.u-

316 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

tion, although master or mistress, or as the person having the command, go-not the real vernment, or management of any such house, room, field, or the ho*use.** P^ace as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a person by whom the fame is opened or used as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, and punished as such, notwithstand.ing he or flic be not in fad the real owner or occupier thereof. Juftices, by XVII. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be laws.l information for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, stewart.y, re (ft ins any' c'ty? borough, town, or place, who (hall, by information upon place is open- oath, have reason to suspect that any house, room, field, or td for le<ftur- place, or any parts or part thereof, are or is opened or used for ing, &c. may the purpose of delivering lectures or dise.urfes, or for publick nfittance*1 and ^e^ate> or f°r purpose of reacting.books, pamphlets, news. if raused, the papers, or other publications, contrary to the provisions of this place to be ad, to go to such house, room, field, or place, and demand to deemed dif- be admitted therein ; and in cafe such justice or justices shall the persons fo re^u^e<a admittance to such house,. room, field, or place, or refuting to any part thereof, the fame (hall be deemed a disorderly house or fors.it aol. place, within the intent and meaning of this a<51, and of the said recited act of the thirty-sixth.year aforesaid ; and all and every the provisions herein-before and in the said recited ad, contained, respecting any house, room, field or place, therein or hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly house or place, (hall be applied to such house, room, field, or place, where such admittance shall have been resute. as aforesaid; and every person refusing such admittance (hall fors.it the sum of twenty pounds.

Juftices in XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it

fess.on may (]lap ]awfui for two or more justices of the peace for the

grant licences  .  .  ,  J  . r ,

for le<fturing county, itewartry, city, borough, town, or place, where any

or readmg, house, room, or other building, (hall be intended to be opened

and may re- for any 0f the purposes aforesaid, by writing under their hands

yoke.them. ancj foals, at their general sections of the peace, or at any fpe-

cial section to be held for the particular purpose to grant a licence

to any person or persons desiring the fame, to open such house,

room, or other building, for the purpose of delivering for money

any such lectures or dise.urfes as aforesaid, on any subjects, the

fame being clearly expressed in such licence, or for the purpose

of reacting.books, pamphlets, newspapers, or other publications;

for which licence a fee of one (hilling, and no mere, (hall be paid,

and the fame shall be in force for the space of one year, and no

longer, or for any less space of time, therein to be specified ; and

which licence it shall be laws.l for the justices of the peace of

the fame county, stewart.y, city, borough, town, or place, at

any general sections of the peace, to reyoke.and declare void,

and no longer in force, by any order of such justices; a copy

whereof (hall be delivered to, or served upon the person to

whom the said licence fo reyoked.shall have been granted, or

shall.be left at the house, room, or building, for which such li- ->

cence (hall have been granted, and thereupon such licence shall.

cease.and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no

esse.t.

XIX. Pro-

1798-] AflnO regnt tricefmio nono Georgii III. c. 79.  317

XIX.  Provided always, and be it enacted, That it (hall be Juftices may laws.l for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, ^bTtance^ stewart.y, city, borough, town, or place, where any such house, any licensed room, or other building (hall be licensed, as herein provided, to place, and if go to such house, room, or building, fo licensed, at the time of refused it (hall delivering any such leisure or discourse therein as aforesaid, or

at the time appointed for delivering any such lecture or disc.urse, and theperson.or whilst such house, room, or building (hall be qpened or used, f0 refuting or during the time appointed for using the fame as a place for ftiall fors.it reacting.books, pamphlets, newspapers, or other publications as 2o1* aforesaid, and demand to be admitted therein ; and in cafe such justice or justices (ball be refused admittance to such house, room, or building, the fame {hall be deemed, notwirhstanding.any such licence as aforesaid, a disorderly house or place, within the meaning of this a61; and all and every the provisions herein-be-fore contained, respecting any house, room, field, or place, here-in-before declared to be a disorderly house or place, (hall be applied to such house, room, or building fo licensed as aforesaid, where such admittance {hall have been refused as aforesaid; and every person refusing such admittance {hall fors.it the sum of twenty pounds.

XX.  Provided also, and be it enact.ed, That it {hall be laws.l Juftices on for any two justices of the peace adsing.for any county, stew. evidene. on artry, riding, division, city, town, or place, upon evidene., on peen..^place oath, that any house, room, or place, fo licensed and opened as used for aforesaid, is commonly used for the purpose of delivering there Ie&ures of a lectures or dise.urfes of a seditious or immoral tendene., or that seditious or books, pamphlets, newspapers, or other publications of a fediti-

ous or immoral nature, are there commonly kept and delivered may declare to be read, to adjudge and declare the licence for opening the the licence fame to have been fors.ited; and such licence {hall thereupon fors.ited, cease and determine, and lhall thenceforth be utterly void and of no eft'edf.

, XXI. Provided also, That every house, room, or place, li- Every ale-cens.d for the sale of ale, beer, wine, or spirituous liquors, {hall house, See. to also be deemed a house or place licensed for the purpose of read- ^enfe^fbr ing books, pamphlets, and other publications, within the intent reacting; but and meaning of this a61; but nevertheless it (hall be laws.l to justices or «nd for any two or more justices of the peace for the county, evidene. on stewart.y, riding, division, city, borough, town, or place, where diUous^or e“ such house, room, or place (hall be, upon evidene. on oath that immoral pub-books, pamphlets, or other publications of a seditious or immoral lications arc nature, are usually distributed for the purpose of being read at read, may de-such.house, room, or place, to adjudge and declare the licence ^nce^or^" or licences for felling ale, beer, wine, or spirituous liquors, under felted, the authority whereof such house, room, or place, lhall be used for the purpose of felling ale, beer, wine, or spirituous liquors, to have been fors.ited, and the person or persons fo keeping luch house, room, or place, {hall, from and after the day of the date of such adjudication and declaration, be subject. and liable to all and every the penalties and fors.itures which such person or per-

ions

318

the inns of court, or by the pro-fefiors in Gresham.col-lege.

Payments to ichool matters not deemed payments for ad mi Hi on to lectures.

Anno regni tricesimo rlono Georgii til. c. 79* [1798L

Tons would be subject and liable to, if such licence or licences had expired, or otherwise determined, on that day, for any aft done after that day.

Not to extend XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained delivfree. in  extend  or  be construed to extend, to any lecture or dif-

the univers.- courses to be delivered in any of the universities of these king-ties, or the doms by any member thereof, or any person authorised by the hall of any of chanoel.or, vice chanoel.or, or other proper officers of such universities respectively, or to any lecture or discourse to be delivered in the public hall of any of the inns of court or chaneery, by any person authorised by the bene.ers of the inns of court* or by the proses.ors in Gresham.coliege; and that no payment made to any schoolmaster or other person by law allowed to teach and instruct youth, in respect of any lectures or discourses delivered by such schoolmaster or other person, for the instruction only of such youth as {hall be committed to his instruction, shall be deemed a payment of money for admission to such lectures or disc.urses, within the intent and meaning of this aft.

XXIII.  And whereas many focietieSy eJlabUJhed of late years for treasonable and seditious purposes9 and especially the said societies of United English.e., United Scots.en, United Irislime., and United Britons, and the said, society calied.The London Correspond.* ing Society, and other corresponding societies, have at various times canse. to be published. in great quantities, divers printed papers of an irreligious, treasonable, andseditious.nature, tending to revile our holy religion, and to bring the prose.fion and worship thereof into con-tempt among the ignorant, and also to excite hatred and contempt of his Majefys royal person, government, and laws9 and of the happy conjlitution of these realms, as by law estab.ifed9 and utterly to eradicate all principles of religion and morality; and such societies have dispersed such printed papers among the lower clajfes of the community, either gratis, or at very low prie.s^ and with an activity and profu-ficn beyond all former example: and whereas all persons printing or publishing any papers or writings are by law anjwerable for the contents thereof but such responsibility hath of late been in a great de~ gree eluded by the seer.t printing and publication of such seditious. im-moral, and irreligious papers or writings as aforesaid. and it is there-fore highly important to the publick peace that it should in future be known by whom any such papers shall be printed; be it enacted. That, from and after the expiration of forty days from the day of passing this aft, every person having any printing press, or in the annexed types for printing, shall cause a notice thereof, signed in the schedule to presene. of and attested by one witnels, to be delivered to the the clerk of clerk of the peace acting for the county, stewart.y, riding, divi-who^fhatt* ^lon’ Clty> borough, town, or place, where the fame shall be intrant a certi- tended to be used, or his deputy, according to the form predicate, and fije scribed in the schedule hereunto annexed; and such clerk of the the notice, / peace, or deputy respectively, shall, and he is hereby autho-r^ec* anc* rect.^re^ to grant a certifie.te in the form prese.ibed in the schedule hereunto annexed, for which such clerk of the peace, or deputy, shall receive the fee of one (hilling, and no

more.

Printers to give a notice in the form

copy to the iecretary of (late.

 CjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IJT. c. 79.  319

more, and such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, (hall file such

notice, and transmit an attested copy thereof to one of his Ma-

jest.’s principal seer.taries of state; and every person who, not Penalty of

having delivered such notice, and obtained such certifie.te as for keep-

aforesaid, (hall, from and after the expiration of forty days next

after the patting of this ad, keep or use any printing press or notiCe, or

types for printing, or having delivered such notice, and obtained using.hemin

such.certifie.te as aforesaid, (hall use any printing press or types any place not

for printing in any other place than the place expretted in such ^

notice, (hall fors.it and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XXIV.  Provided also, That nothing herein contained (hall Not to extend

extend to his Majesty’s printers for England and Scotland^ or t0 jest.’s prin-the public prettes belonging to the universities of Oxford and Jters, ol- the Cambridge respect.vely.  universities in

XXV.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the England,

expiration of forty days after the patting of this ad, every per- Letter found-fon carrying on the business of a letter founder, or maker or  f

selle. of types for printing, or of printing prettes, (hall cause makens.o notice of his or her intention to carry on such business to be de- give a notice, livered to the clerk of the peace of the county, stewart.y, riding, in the form division, city, borough, town, or place, where such person (hail ^ fch^ule*" propose to carry on such business, or his deputy, in the form to t£e clerJc’ prese.ibed in the schedule to this ad annexed ; and such clerk 0f the peace, of the peace, or his deputy, (hall, and he is hereby authorised who (hall and required thereupon to grant a certifie.te in the form also a prese.ibed in the said schedule, for which such cleric of the peace, the notice, C or his deputy, (hall receive a fee of one (hilling, and no more, and transmit and (hall file such notice, and transmit an attested copy thereof an attest.d

to one of his Majesty’s principal seer.taries of date; and every person who (hall, after the expiration of the said forty days, a y 0 carry on such business, or make or fell any type for printing, Penalty of or printing press, without having given such notice, and ob~ aol. for car-

tained such certifie.te, (hall fors.it and lose the sum of twenty °J} fuctl

,  J  bufineiles

Pounds'  .  without giv-

XXVI.  And be it further enacted, That every person who ing notice.

(hall fell types for printing, or printing prettes, as aforesaid, An account (hall keep a fair account in writing, of all persons to whom any to be kept of such types or prettes (hall be fold, and (hall produce such accounts types and to any justice of the peace who (hall require the fame ; and if fold such person (hall negleet.to keep such account, or (hall refuse to ^ndto be pro-produce the fame to any such justice, on demand in writing to duced when insped.the fame, such person (hall fors.it and lose, for such of- required, on fence, the sum of twenty pounds.  penalty of

XXVII.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the * expiration of forty days after the palling of this ad, every per- ancf abode of fon who (hall print any paper or book whatsoever, which (hall the printer to be meant or intended to be publilhed or dispersed, whether the be printed on fame (hall be fold or given away, (hall print upon the front ofeves. PaPer every such paper, if the fame (hall be printed on one fide only, pena°°yM0f U and upon the first and lad leaves of every paper or book which aoi#

(hall consist of more than one leaf, in legible characters, his or

her

to papers printed by authority of parhame.t. Printers to keep a copy

32° Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798;

her name, and the name of the city, town, parish, or place, and also the name (if any) of the square, street, lane, court, or place, in which his or her dwelling house or usual place of abode shall be ; and every person who shall omit fo to print his name and place of abode on every such paper or book printed by him, and also every person who (hall publish or difpeife, or assist in pub-lishin. or dispersing, either gratis or for money, any printed paper or book, which fhail have been printed after the expiration of forty days from the passing of this a6t, and on which the name and place of abode of the person printing the fame (hall not be printed as aforesaid, shall, for every copy of such paper fo published or dispersed by him, fors.it and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

Not to extend XXVIII. And be it further enaeste., That nothing in this adf contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any papers printed by the authority and for the use of either house of parhame.t.

XXIX.  And be it further enacted, That every person who, from and after the expiration of forty days after the passing of

of every paper  thjs shall print any paper for hire, reward, gain, or prosi.,

and^write*  shall cares.lly preserve and keep one copy (at least. of every

thereon the  paper fo printed by him or her, on which he or she shall write,

name and  or cause to be written or printed, in fair and legible characters,

abode ot their the name ancj place of abode of the person or persons by whom emp yer.  or (he (hall ^ emp]0yecj to print the fame; and every person.

Pr^nt^nS anY PaPer for hire, reward, gain, or prosi., who shall or refus.Vto omit or negleet.to write, or cause to be written or printed as produce the aforesaid, the name and place of his or her employer on one of such printed papers, or to keep or preserve the fame for the space of fix calendar months next after the printing thereof, or to produce and she.v the fame to any justice of the peace, who, within the laid space of fix calendar months, shall require to fee the fame, shall, for every such omission, negleet, or refusal, fors.it and lole the sum of twenty pounds.

XXX.  And be it further enacted, That it (hall be laws.l for any person, to whom or in whose presene. any printed paper,

the^nameand1 not having the name and place of abode of any person printed abode of the thereon, in manner herein-before directed, or having a fkftitious or false name or place of abode printed thereon, shall be fold, or offered for sale, or (ball be delivered gratis, or offered fo to be, or shall be pacted, fixed, or left in any publick place, or in any whether'they other manner exposed to publick view, to seize and detain the have offended persons fo felling or offering to fell, or delivering or offering to deliver, or parting, fixing, or leaving in any publick place, or in any other manner exposing to publick view, any such printed paper as aforesaid, and forthwith to take and convey him or her before some justice of the peace for the county, stewart.y, riding, divilion, city, borough, town, or place, where such person shall be seized, or to deliver him or her to some constable or other peace officer, to be taken and conveyed before such justice as aforesaid, to the intent that such justice may hear and determine

whether

copy within fix months

Perfons felling, Szc. any

printer, may be taken before a justice to determine

againit this ad,

179S.] Annoregnitricesimo.onoGEORGii III. c. 79.  321

whether such person hath been guilty of any offence against this ad.

XXXI.  Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Not to extend „ extend to the impression of any engraving, or to the printing by to impres.jons letter press, of the name, or the name and address, or business ^

or prosession, of any person, and the articles in which he deals, jng names and or to any papers for the sale of estates or goods by auction, or addresses, otherwise.  &c- >

XXXII.  Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall nor to alter extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or vary any rule, re- anY PJ*?'nrions gulation, or provision contained in any ad of parhame.t now in news.apers. force respecting the printing, publishing, or distributing any

printed newspaper, or other printed paper,

XXXIII.  And be it further enacted, That if anyjustice.of A Juftice may the peace, acting for any county, stewart.y, riding, divition, city, eekoecer borough, town, or place, shall, from information upon oath, have to^rch for reason to suspect that any printing press or types for printing is presids.and or are used or kept for use without notice given and certifie.te types he fuf-obtained as required by this ad, or in any place not ineluded.in t0u^edll~ such notice and certifie.te, it shall be laws.l for such justice, by ^ ffze’ warrant under his hand and sea., to direct, authorise, and em- them and the power any conffable, petty constable, bors.older, headborough, printed papers -or other peace officer, in the day time, with such person or per- founci*

Tons as shall be calied.to his assistane., to enter into any such house, room, and place, and seare. for any printing press or types for printing; and it (hall be laws.l for every iuch peace officer, with such assistane. as afores.td, to enter into such house, room, or place, in the day time accordingly, and to seize, take, and carry away, every printing press found therein, together with all the types and other articles thereto belonging, and used in printing, and all printed papers found in such house, room, or place.

XXXIV.  Provided always, That no person shall be prose. Prose.utions

cuted or sued for any penalty imposed by this ad, unies. such to be com.” . prosecution shall be commeneed, or such action shall be brought, three months1 within three calendar months next after such -penalty shall have at‘ttr penalty been incurred.  is incurred.

XXXV.  And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary pe- Recovery of nalty imposed by this ad, exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, penalties, may be sued for and recovered, by any person who will sue for

the fame, by action of debt, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, if such penalty (hall have been incurred in England ox Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty’s court of exchequer in Scotland, if such penalty shall have been incurred in Scotland, in which action it shall be sufficient to declare or alied.e that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of twenty pounds, (being the sum demanded by such actio.), being fors.ited by an ad, made and passe.l in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majetty King George the Third, intituled, An aft [Here fet forth the title of the afl], and the plaintiff*, if he shall recover in any such action,

Vol. XLII,  Y  shall.

312 Anno regni tricefuno nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

shall.have his full costs ; and any pecuniary penalty imposed by this adt, and not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, and for the recovery whereof no proviiion is herein-before contained, shall and may be recovered before any justice or justices of the peace for the county, stewart.y, riding, division, city, town, or place, in which the fame shall be incurred, or the person having incurred the fame shall happen to be, in a summary way; and in cafe luch last mentioned penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand and sea., or hands and seals, and directed to any constable or other peace officer, cause the fame to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale ; and in cafe no Efficient distress can be had or made, such justice or justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correct.ion for such county, stewart.y, riding, division, city, borough, town, or place, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

Applie.tion of XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary pe-penalties. nalties and fors.itures imposed by this adt shall, when recovered, either by action in any court, or in a summary way before any justice, be applied and disposed of in manner herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, One moiety thereof to the plaintiff in any such action, or the informer, before any justice, and the other moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and success.rs. Limitation of XXXVII. And be it further enact.ed, That every action and actions.  fuit which shall be brought or commeneed.against any justice or

justice. of the peace, constable, peace officer, or other person or persons, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this adt, shall be commeneed.within three calendar months next after the fad"t committed, and not afterwards; and the venue in every such action or fuit shall be laid in the proper county where the fact was committed, and not elsewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or fuit shall and may plead the General issue. general issue, and give this adt and the special matter in evidene. at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if such action or fuit shall be brought or commeneed.after the time limited for bringing the fame, or the venue shall be laid in any other place than as i  aforesaid, then the jury shall find a verdict: for the defendant or

defendants ; and in such cafe, or if the jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants upon the merits, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action after appearance, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Double cost.. defendants shall have double costs; which he or they shall and may recover in such and the fame manner as any defendant can b}' law in' other cases.

Convictions, XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That convictions by xh f rrrT any ju^ce or justices of the peace, for offences against this the annexed and adjudications of fors.itures of licences to be made in fthedule*  purs.ance

3*3

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo aono GEORbu III. c. 79.

purs.ance of this aft, and notices and certifie.tes delivered and granted in pursuance of this aft, shall or may be in the several forms fet forth for such purposes respectively in the schedule to this aft annexed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this a ft shall and may be repealed in the whole, or in any part thereof, or in any titered this manner altered or amended, during the present fefiion of par- fess.on. hame.t.

The SCHEDULE to which the annexed aft refers.

I.  FORM of convi Elion of an unlaws.l combination and confederacy.

M ? TJ E lt rememhered, That on this  day  of

to wit. $ -D in the  year  of  the reign of  A.  B. of'

is duly convicted before me, [or us],  of his

Majest.’s justices of the peace for  in  pursuance  of an

aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Third, [fet forth the title of the aEl], for that the said A. B. after the pasting of the said aft, to wit, on  day  of  at

did, contrary to the said aft, become a member of [ory at the cafe may be, aft as a member of, or maintain corresp.n-dene. or intercourse with, or by contribution of money or other-wife, abet or support. a foeiety [desc.ibing the society. which fo-ciety is an unlaws.l combination and confederacy within the intent and meaning of the said aft: wheres.re I [or we] the said do adjudge, that he the said A. B. do pay [$r, be imprisoned. as a penalty for his offence, in pursuance of the said aft.

Given under my hand and sea. [or our hands and seals., this day of  in  the  year of our Lord and

in the year of the reign of his majesty King

II.  FORM of adjudicature osso.s.iture of licence to fell ale, &c.

M 7 TTJE it remembered. That on this  day  of

to wit. j jLJ in the  year  of  the  reign  of  his  present.

Majefiy, A, B. of  being  a  person  licensed  to  fell  [as the

cafe may be\ is duly convicted before us, two of his Majesty’s justices of the peace for the county of  in  pursuance  of an

aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of  [fet  forth  the title

of the aEt\ for that he the said A. B. on  at - did per-

mit a meeting of a foeiety [desc.ibing the foeiety], which is an unlaws.l combination and confederacy within the intent and meaning of the said aft, to be held at  being  the  house  [as the

cafe may be] of the said A. B. wherein he the said A% B. is licensed to fell [as the cafe may be]: wheres.re, we the said  do ad-

Y 2  judge

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii I1L c. 79. [1798.

judge and declare that the licence [or, licences, as the cafe may be] is [or, are] for such offence fors.ited.

Given under our hands and seals, this day of  in

the year of our Lord  and  in  the  year  of  the

reign of his majesty King

III. Form of conviction of having or ufmg a printing pres.x or types for printing without notice, or ufmg the fame in a place not fpe-cified in such notice, or not keeping accounts as required by the aft, or any other offence againjl the aft*

M

7 T) E it remembered, That on this to wit. 3 -D in the

day of

year of the reign of  A.  B. of

is duly convicted before me [or us]  of  his

Majest. ?s justices of the peace for  in pursuance of an

a<5f of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Third, [fet forth the title of the aft], for that the said A. B. on the day of  at  did, contrary to the said adf,

keep [or, use, as the cafe may be] a printing press [or types for printing; or, carrying on the business of a letter founder, or, maker or selle. of types, or printing prestes., not having given such notice, and obtained such certifie.te, as by the said act is required, or in  -being a place not specified in any

notice given by theiaid A. B. in pursuance of the said adl, whereupon he had obtained such certifie.te, as by the said adt is required ; or, not keeping an account of a person to whom the said A. B. fold printing types, or, a printing press, as the cafe may be\ or, not printing his name, &c. as the cafe may require; or, not keeping a copy of a paper printed by him for hire, reward, gain, or prosi.,to wit a paper [dejcribing it] which the said A. B. printed, tsfr. or, not producing a copy of a paper printed, &c, or specifying any other offence against the aft, and the time and place when and where the fame was committed]: wheres.re I [or we] the said do adjudge that he the said A. B. do pay the sum of  as  a

penalty for his offence, in pursuance of the laid adt.

Given under our hands and seals, this  day  of

in the year of our Lord  and  in  the  year  of  the

reign of his rnajest. King

IV.  FORM of notice to the clerk of the peace, that any person keeps any printing press or types for printing.

To the clerk of the peace for  [here  insert  the  county,

Jhwartry, tiding, divifton, city, borough, town, or place], or his deputy.

I A. B. of  do  hereby  declare,  That  I  have  a  print-

ing press and types for printing, which I propose to use for printing, within  [tf* the cafe may requireJ, and which I

require

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. 79.

require to be entered for that purpose, in pursuance of an a£1, pals.d in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, [ fet forth the title of the a£l],

Witnefs my hand this  day  of

Signed in the presene. ? of  $

V.  FORM of certifie.te that notice has been given of a printing press, or types for printing.

I  clerk [or deputy clerk] of the peace for

do hereby certify, That A. B. of  hath  delivered to

me a notice in writing, appearing to be signed by him, and at-teste. by C. D. as a witness to his signing the fame, that he the said A. B. hath a printing press and types for printing, which he proposes to use for printing, within  and  Which  he  has

required to be entered pursuant to an aft, palied.in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty’s reign, [fet forth the title of the afl]. Witnefs my hand, this  day  of

yi*. FORM of notice to the clerk of the peace, that any person carries on the bust.efs of a letter founder, or maker or selle. of types for printingy or of printing presse..

To the clerk of the peace for [as the cafe ?nay be], or his deputy.

I A. B. of  do  hereby declare that I intend to carry

on the business of a letter founder or maker or selle. of types for printing, or of printing pres.es, [as the cafe jnay be], at and I hereby require this notice to be entered in pursuance of an a<ft, palied.in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, [fet forth the title of the afi].

Signed in the presene. ) of  i

VII.  FORM of certifie.te that the above notice has been given.

IG. H. clerk [or deputy clerk] of the peace for [as.- the cafe may be] do hereby certify, That A. B. of  hath  de-

livered to me a notice in writing, appearing to be signed by him, and attested by E. F. as a witness to his jsigning.the fame* that he intends to carry on the business of a letter founder, or maker or selle. of types for printing, or of printing presses, at and which notice he has required to be entered in pursuance of an a<ft of the thirty-ninth year of his majesty King George the Third, [fet forth the title of the a5fj.

Witnefs my hand, this day of

y *  CAP,

326 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80, [1798.

Preamble.

From Aug. i, 7799 no Bri-tifli vessel (hall carry Haves from the coast of Africa, un-Iefs entered for that pur. pose at the port of clearance.

The whole space between decks of such vessels shall be ailot.ed for the slave.; and after two thirds of the complement of slave. are

The space ailot.ed for slave. to be five feet high.

Vefleis.of one deck (hall have a false deck fixed in the hold.

No vdfel to clear out till the proper officer of the cultoms shall have admea-fared it as herein de-(cribed, and certified the fame to the colles.or.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for better regulating the manner of carrying slave., in British vejfels , from the coaji of Africa.—[July 12, 1799. J

WHEREAS it is expect.ent, to regulate the flipping and carrying slave., in British vejfels, from the coaji ^Africa; be it theres.re enabled by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the first day of Augujl next after the pash.g of this act, it (hall not be laws.l for any master or other person taking or having the charge or command of any Britifl) (hip or vessel whatever, which (ball clear out from any port of this kingdom, to take or have on board, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport slave. from the coast of Africa to any part beyond sea, in any such ship or vessel, unless such {hip or vessel (hall, at the time of her fo clearing out, have tiseer. entered for such purpose at the custom house of the port from whence such (hip or vessel cleared out.

II. And be it further enabled,That in every such ship or vessel, the whole space between decks shall be ailot.ed and properly prepared for the reception of such slave.; and that after any such {hip or vessel {hall have taken two third parts of her complement of slave. on board, in the proportion here.n-after to be limited, no goods, wares, merchandize, or {lores, shall ever be (lowed or put in any such place in which any such slave. {hall be. taken on board, no ilowage to be put in the place ailot.ed for them.

III.  And be it further enabled, That in every such (hip or vessel, the laid space between decks fo ailot.ed for the reception of slave. (hall be, in every part throughout the whole length and breact. thereof, of the full and complete perpendieu.ar height of five feet, measuring from the upper surface of the lower deck to the under surface of the upper deck.

IV.  And whereas flips or vejfels having only one deck, are fame-times used for flapping and carrying slave. from the coaji 0/" Africa, be it further enacted, That in all such vessels 3 false deck shall be fixed in the hold for the reception of the (laves; which (hall be taken and considered as her lower deck for the purposes of this aft.

V.  And be it further enacted. That no (hip or vessel (hall be permitted to clear out from any port in Great Britain, for the purpose of (hipping and carrying slave. from Africa, until the proper officer of the customs at such port shall have examined and aerneasur.d such ship or vessel, and shall have certified in writing to the collector of his -Majest.’s customs at such port, the height between decks, and also the extreme length and breact., in feet and inches, of the lower deck of the said vessel; which length and breact., being multiplied together, the produst.

shall.

32T

*798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80.

shall.be deemed and considered to be the true supers.cial contents of the said deck; and the said contents fo obtained, being divided by eight, the quotient in whole numbers shall ex-pres. the greatest number of slave. which the said vessels shall be permitted to have on board at any one time (for which certifie.te he shall be entitled to demand and receive the sum of ten shillings from the matter or owner of the said vesse.); and the said certi- Certificate to ficate, veris.ed as to the calculation of the number to be taken ^/clearance on board by the examination and signature of the collect.or, shall aTlcj produced be annexed to the clearance of the said vessel, and shall be pro- before any duced therewith to the collect.or or comptroller, or other proper Have shall be officer of the customs, at every port in the Weft Indies or America,lande(i• belonging to his Majesty, at which the said vessel shall arrive, before any Have or Haves shall be permitted to be landed out of the said vessel at any such port.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That every such ship or vessel, Vesse.s to have previous to her being cleared out, shall have painted in white or

yellow letters, of a length not lei's than four inches, upon a black words ground, on some conspicuous part of her ttern (provided there ‘Allowed to shall be fufncient space for that purpose, but if not, in letters as carry Slaves,’ large as the space will admit) the words cAllowed to carry Slaves,5 the number of Haves expressed in the licence annexed to the clear- permitted to ance of the said vessel being added thereto, in figures of the fame carry, length and colour.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That it shall not be laws.l ^^]esr^0°for

for any matter or other person taking or having the charge or com- „0j for *

mand of any such ship or vessel, to take or have on board at any every Have

one time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport slave. from the exceeding the

coatt of Africa to any part beyond the sea, in any such (hip or vesse.. Proportion of J  fr J •  5.  / rfnr one Have for

in any greater number than in proportion of one lucb Have ror every eight.

every eight square feet of the supers.cial contents of the lower square feet of deck of Inch ship or vessel, aleer.ained as herein-before directed; the lower and if any such matter or other person taking or having the charge deck, or command of any such ship or vessel, (hall adt contrary hereto, such matter or other person as aforelaid fit all fors.it and pay the sum of thirty pounds of laws.l money of Great Britain, for each and every such Have exceeding in number the proportions herein-before limited, one moiety whereof shall go to his Majetty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall nrtt: sue for the fame.

VIII.  And whereas great mortality has been found to occur among the slave. from their having been flu bj cited to a confinement more than usually cloje and feve re in consequene. of the iveaknefs of the crews of jome of the vejfels employ.d.in tranjporting them: be it further en- KT acted, under the penalty afore said. That it shall not be laws.l to nuns.er'of carry away from the coatt: of Africa, on board any such (hip or (laves than in vessel, any greater number of Haves than in the proportion of ten theproportion to each of the mariners or other free persons compoling.the crew, °* 3.° cacil who shall, at the time of clearing outwards for the voyage, be- p0{ing the ” long to the said vessel, and be actually serving on board thereof; crew shall he and that all such seamen shall fo remain until the arrival of the taken ou

y 4  raid  boarJ’

328 Annoregni trice(imo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

If more than two fist.s of the (lives be children, five of the fur pi us ihall be deem-ed equal to four (laves.

No cargo of slave., of whatever di-meniions the veil'd, (hall exceed 400.

not to extend.to the taking of slave. on board in cases.of (hipwreck, mutiny, or any di it re is of the veil'd.

said.vessel at her first port of delivery in the Weji Indies, (death and unavoidable accidents only excepted).

IX.  Provided always, That if there shall be in any such ship or vessel any more than two fist. parts of the slave. who shall be children, and who shall not exceed four feet four inches in height, then every five such children over and above the aforesaid proportion of two fist.s, shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said slave., within the true intent and meaning of this adfl.

X.  Provided always, That the number of slave. taken or to be taken on board any vessel, of any measurement whatsoever, in const.ence of the regulations and allowane.s of this adl, shall: in no cafe exceed four hundred.

XI.  Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the cafe of 2 (hip taking on board anv number of slave. that lhail be found ship.reeked,-or from on board any other ship or vessel where, by reason of mutiny or in-furredlion among the slave. or the crew, or by failure of hands, or by any a£fual distress of the vessel, the masse. or commander shall be disabled from governing the ship or continuing the voyage, the proof of which (hall lie upon the masse. or other person having charge of such ship or vessel fo taking on board such

Matters of vessels. not to remove false decks for the reception of slave., till such slave. are landed, on penalty of 200I.

slave..

XII. And be it further enacted, That after the surveying officer (hall have examined and measured any ship or vessel hereinbefore directed, it (hall not be laws.l for the masse. or owner thereof to remove, or cause to be removed, any floor or false deck which shall have been fixed in the hold for the reception of slave., as herein- before directed, except for the purpose of loacting.or unloacting.his said vessel on the outward-bound voyage, or other unavoidable necessity, or to do, or cause or suffer to be done, any other matter or thing whereby the height of the places or apartments ailot.ed for the reception of slave. shall be dimi-niflied, until all the slave. which (hail have been taken cn board such (hip or vessel shall have been discharged or landed theres.om, under the penalty of two hundred pounds for every such

offence.

XIII. And be it further enabled, That on the arrival of any they land any ^*uc^ or vessel in any island in the Weft Indies belonging to slave. in the or under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, Weft Indies, from the coast of Africa, carrying or conveying any such slave. as to give in a aforesaid, the masse. or other person having or taking the charge raVion^o the^" or command °f such flhp vessel shall, before any of the said officer of the slave. (ball be unshipped or landed from such ship.or vessel, re-custom.of the pair to the nearest custom house, and there give in a written de-greatett num- daration to the collector or other chies.officer of the customs, permitted^ (w^° IS hereby required to accept and preserve the fame), of the be carried in greatest number of slave. permitted to be carried in such (hip or such veffds, vessel, and (hall at the fame time shew to such officer the certifie.te annexed to the clearance thereof, and (hall also give in a written declaration to the said officer (who is hereby required to accept and preserve the fame), containing an exa£t and true account

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Grorgii III. c. 8o„  329

count of the greatest number of such slave., (dist.nguiflbing the

number of males and females, and specifying the number of such

slave. as shall exceed the aforesaid height of four feet four

inches), who are or shall have been at anyone time in or on

board such ship or vessel, before, when, or after such ship or

vesse. quitted or departed from the coast of Africa for that voyage;

and if such mailer or other person taking or having the charge and if they

or command of any such ship or vessel, shall unship.or land, orJand &wes

shall.cause to be unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit

fuller to be unshipped or landed, any such Haves, contrary to the

true intent and meaning of this a£f, such master or other person.

as aforesaid shall fors.it and pay the sum of five hundred pounds

of laws.l money of Great Britain, for every such offence, and one

moiety of the Paid fors.iture shall go to his Majesty, his heirs and

successors, and the other moiety shall go to the person or person.

who shall first sue for the fame; and it shall and may be laws.l for Officers of the

such.collector or other chies.officer of the customs, and he is hereby customs to

required, to seare. or to cause seare. to be made in every part of count 0f the

such.ship or veste., to fee and to take an account of the number of slave. on

such.slave. on board such ship or vessel, and to specify in such ac - board such.

count the number of males and females, and also the number 0^^e^va^c'0f

slave. not exceeding four feet four inches in height, and withouta ^

delay to transmit such account, attested under his hand and sea.,

to the ccmmissioner. of his Majesty’s customs in London, under

the penalty of five hundred pounds.

XIV.  Provided always. That in cafe the said collector or other Where there chies.officer of the customs shall be absent, or that there shall be is n° °ftPer no such officer in any such island where the said ship shall arrive°or^se

as aforesaid, or in cafe there shall be no other officer of the revenue, civil officer then any civil officer in the said island shall be, and he is hereby to receive the authorised and required, upon applie.tion as aforesaid, to receive declaration of and preserve the said declaration of the burthen of luch ship as^ma er> aforesaid, and to perform all the other duties aforesaid, which the said collector or other chies.officer of the customs is hereby required to perform.

XV.  And be it further enacted, That if any person making any Penalty on declaration by this a£t authorised or required to be made, shall make false thereip be guilty of wilful falsehood, or if any person shall procure ^eciaratlon* or suborn any person to become guilty of such wilful falsehood,

every such person shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished by luch fine as the court, before whom such offender shall have been tried and convi£fed, shall think fit to order or adjudge, and also by imprisonment for any time not exceeding twelve nor lets than three calendar months, from the time of such sentence.

XVI.  And be it further enabled. That it shall not be laws.l No vessel to for the master or other person taking or having the charge or an^, command of any such ship or vessel, to take or have on board enteredUfor 3 such ship or vessel, or convey, carry, bring, or transport any that purpose slave. from the coast of Africa to any parts beyond the seas, in at clearing any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, unleis.the surgeon of or be- °e^g,tu°IfUn" longing to such ship or vessel shall have given bond to hiSgeon give*’

Majesty,bond to keep.

33°

a journal of the slave. during the voyage;

journal is to be delivered the officer of the culloms, at the. firs.

Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

Majesty, his heirs and successors, and (hall have left the fame in the hands of the collector or comptroller of the customs in the port from whence such ship or vessel shall depart for such voyage to the coast of Africa, in the penal sum of one hundred pounds, with condition that such surgeon shall keep a regular and true journal, containing an account of the greatest number of slave. which shall have been at any time during such voyage on board such Chip or vessel, from the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Africa as aforesaid, until her arrival at the port of her delivery, distinguishing the number of males and females, and of the deaths of any such slave. or crew of the said ship or vessel, and of the cause thereof, during the voyage, from the first departure of the said ship or vessel to her arrival on the coast of Africa, during her stay on the said coast, and after her departure from thence to the said port of delivery, or during such time as such surgeon shall have been on board such ship or vessel; and that the said surgeon shall deliver such journal to the col-lector.or other officer as aforesaid, at the first Britifi port where such ship or vessel shall arrive after leaving the coast of Africa^ and shall deliver in a written declaration of the truth of such Britith port of journal, to the best of his knowledge and belief, to such collector arnva , rc. or ot^er 0f£cer as aforesaid, who is hereby required to accept and Officer to de- preserve the fame; and such collector or other officer as afore-master.co ^ai^>  ^lver t0  nia^er  or  other  person  as  aforesaid,

bf^iis^ecla-^ anc* t0 ^urgeon repe<5tively, copies of the declaration of such ration, and to master or other person, and of such surgeon as aforesaid, and also the surgeon a of the said journal; which copies shall severally be attested (as true ^ournaf and C0P'es) by such collector or other officer as aforesaid, under his transmit du- hand and leal, and duplie.tes of the said copies (attest.d in like plie.tes to the manner) shall be transmitted by the said collector or other chies.comrnishone.s officer to the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs in London;

and if such master or person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or veil'd shall carry his cargo of slave. to, and land the whole or any part in any port or ports not subject to the crown of Great Britain, and (hall afterwards arrive at any Britijh island or port, having delivered the whole or any part of his said cargo, such master or other person, and also the surgeon of such ship or vessel, shall make the fame declaration, deliver in the fame journal to, and take the fame oaths before the collectors or other chies.officers of the customs, or civil officer of the island or port, and receive the fame attested certifie.te, in like manner as if he had first arrived at such island or port; and if the laid ship or vessel shall not arrive at any Britif island or port before her return to Great Britain, then the said master or other person, and surgeon, shall make the said declaration, deliver in the said journal to, and take the said oaths before the collector or other chies.officer of the customs of the port where they shall first land, which the collect.r or chies.officer is hereby empowered and required to receive and administer; and the said collect.r or other chies.officer shall forthwith transmit.he fame to the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs in London\ and if such master or surgeon shall ad contrary hereto, such master or surgeon shall,

for

of the cut toms.

Matters or surgeons acting contrary hereto, to fors.it 1 col.

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80.

for every such offence, fors.it the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof {hall go to his Majetty, his heirs or fuccefl'ors, and the other moiety thereof {hall go to any person or persons who {hall sue for the fame.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That in cafe the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, {hall be convxtted of any one of the said offences before mentioned, and {hail not, within the space of fourteen days, pay or cause the fame to be paid into the hands of the proper officer of the court wherein the offence shall be prose.cuted, in order that the fame may be applied in manner herein directed, the amount of the penalty on such conviction, it shall and may be laws.l for any admiral or other commander at sea of any of the ships of war or other ships having commission from his Majetty, or from his heirs or fucceifors, or for any governor of any island or plantation to his Majetty belonging, in America or the Weft Indies, or for any officer or officers of his Ma-jetty’s cuttoms, to seize and detain the said ship or vessel wherever found, and to convey the fame to the cuttom houie nearest to the place where (he shall be found, and the collector or other principal officer of the cuttoms of such cuttom house shall, and he is hereby required to cause every such (hip or vessel to be fold publickly by audtion, and the produce arifjng by such sale thereof, to apply towards satisfying the said penalty, and if there shall remain any overplus, to pay the fame over to such person or persons as (hall prove his, her, or their property therein, or to his, her, or their laws.l assign..

XVIII.  And whereas it may happen that the master or other person having the command of such fjip or vessel fo prof edited and convicted.\ may be unable to pay such penalty or penalties incurred, be it enacted, That as soon as such ship or vessel shall arrive in any of the said istands, and due notice of such arrival {hall have been given at the cuttom house thereof, the owner or owners of the laid ship or vessel, or his, her, or their factio. or agent to whom such (hip and cargo are consigned, shall give bond, in the penal sum of five thousand pounds, to the collector or other officer of the cuttoms, for the full and jutt payment of such penalty or penalties as may be awarded againtt luch captain or other officer by the verdiis. of a jury.

XIX.  And it is hereby enabled, That no such ship or vessel shall be permitted or (uttered to enter or clear inwards until luch bond (hall be firtt given ; and it shall be laws.l for any officer of the cuttoms to detain such ship or vessel with all her cargo on board, until such bondi shall be entered into as before required.

XX.  Provided always, That no fuit againtt such captain or other officer shall be prosecuted in any istand, unless the fame {hall be commeneed.within one month after uue notice given of the (hip’s arrival, to the collector or other officer of the cuttoms in the (aid istand.

XXI.  And be it further enabled, That no (hip or vessel which {hail be cleared out from any port in Great Britain, for the pur-

pose.

331

If penalty on matters be not paid within 14 days, their vessels may be seized and fold.

On arrival of

vefleis.in America or the Weft Indies, the owners to give bond tor payment of penalties, See.

Vefleis.not to be admitted to entry till bond is given, &c.

Suits to be commeneed.within one month.

No vessel to be cleared out a second time, till an at-

tusted.copy ct the declaration of the matter, and

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii TIL c. 80. [1798. pose of (hipping and carrying slave. from the coast of Africa, after the first day of Augujl next after the patting of this act, (hall be permitted to be cleared oat again for the fame purpose, journal of the untl^ an attested copy of the declaration of the matter, and also surgeon, See. of the journal of the surgeon, and also the mutter roll of the of the preced- fa id vessel for or during her !aft preceding voyage to the said coast: 0f Africa, shall have been deposited with the collector or other sited wVtTthe chies.otticer of the cuttoms at the port from which (he failed on collector at such last preceding voyage, the port of clearance.

Where penal- XXII. And be it further enabled. That the several penalties to  ».y  be  and fors.itures infliste..by this a£t (hall and may be sued for,

ue  ror‘  prosecuted, and recovered in any court of vice admiralty in any

part of America, or in any island in the IVef Indies, wherein any such offence (hall have been committed, or wherein any sue.. ship or vessel shall have disposed of the whole or any part of her cargo, or in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlmins.ery or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh.

If any person XXIII. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the take the_com- ftrft <jay of August.next after the patting of this adt, it (hall not ~  °  be laws.l for any person to become a matter, or take or have

the command or charge of any (uch (hip or vessel, at the time he (hall dear out from any port of Great Britain, for pure.asing and carrying Oaves from the coast of Africa, unless such matter or person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall have made oath, and delivered in to the collector or other chies.officer of the cuttoms, at the port where such (hip or vessel (hall clear out, a certifie.te, attetted by the respect.ve owner or owners of the ships or vessels in which he has formerly served, that he has already served in such capacity during one voyage, or shall have served as chies.mate or surgeon during the whole of two voyages, or either as chies.or other mate during three voyages, in pure.asing and carrying slave. from the coast of Africa, under pain that such matter or other person taking or hiving the charge or command of any such (hip or vessel, and also the owner or owners who (hall hire or employ such person, shall, for every such offence, fors.it and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXIV.  And tubereas by an aft, made in the thirty-third year of his present Majessy.s reign, and Jeveral preceding adis, it is enacted,, That, from and after the frft day of August.one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it Jhould not be laws.l for any owner or owners of any Jhip or vefj'el to insure any cargo of saves, or any part thereof on board the fame, against any loss or damage, five and except the perils of the sea, piracy, infurrediion, or capture by the Kingys enemies, barratry of the maser and crew, and defir udiion by fire, and that all and every policy of insurance thereast.r made contrary to the said adi fiiould be, and the fame are thereby declared to be null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever : and whereas the ozuners of flips, and others coneer.ed in the trade to Africa, underfianding that it was merely intended by the above mentioned provision of the

said.

mand of a vtfitl, who is not qualisle. as herein directed, he, and also the owner, shall fors.it 500I.

Former acts jecited.

1798.J Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 8o.  333

fold aft, to prese.ibe and sped.y the particular kinds of loss and damage for which alone an indemnity Jboidd thereast.r he recoverable in respect to cargoes of slave., and not to interse.e with, or vary the particular forms of the policies of insurance whereby such inf trances had been theretofore ejfested, have continued to make insura.ees on the perils and dangers alloy.ed to be insured by the said aft, in the fame general terms as are contained in the common policies theretofore ujed in other insura.ees on ships and goods: and whereas doubts have arisen respecting the validity of such insura.ees fo made on cargoes of Jlaves, on account of the policies whereby the fame are ejfeste. not being expressly refrained to the particular perils and dangers ivbicb are by the said proviso. of the said aft alone saved and excepted as the subjects of la wful injurance: for remedy whereof and for the more esse.tual security of such persons, be it Theres.re enacted.

That nothing in the said a<tt, or any former a61 contained, shall and nothing extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any insurance therein to already made, or which hereast.r shall be made, upon (hips, ^ftn^nces slave.j goods, and merchandize, in the fame general terms with ma(je in the the policies now commonly made use of in all other insura.ees lame general on {hips and goods; (that is to fay), On account of their ex-terrns as pressing to be made “ against the risles.and perils of the seas, ranees1*1 U~ men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettison., let- 9 ters of mart and countermart, surprisal., takings at sea, arrests, restraints and detainments of kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality soever, barratry of the matter and mariners, and of all other perils, lofTes, and miss.rtunes, that have or {hall come to the detriment or damage thereof.”

XXV.  Provided nevertheless, That under such policies of af- hut under sura.ce fo made or to be made, no iofs or damage shall hereast.r j^^s'lhaHbe be recoverable on account of the mortality of Haves by natural recoverable in death or ill treatment, or against loss by throwing overboard of certain cases, {laves on any account whatsoever, or against lo!s or damage by rettraints and detainments by kings, princes, people, or inhabitants of Africa, where it ftiall be made appear that such loss or

damage has been occasioned through any aggrection.for the pur-pose.of procuring Haves, and committed by the matter of any such ship, or by any person or persons commanding any boat or boats, or party or parties of men belonging to any such ship, or by any person or peribns netting by the diretttien.of any such matter or commander resp.ettively.

XXVI.  And be further enaetted, That no such ship or veste. Xo vefTel to {hall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall appear to the col- that: has^oTa leettor, or other principal officer of the customs at the port, that surgeon who there is one surgeon at least engaged to proceed on board such has polied.his {hip or veste., and unless such surgeon ftiall have produced and examination, delivered to such collect.tor, or other principal officer of the

customs, a certifie.te or warrant of his having palied.his examination at surgeons hall, or at some publick or county hof-pital, or at the royal coliege.of physicians, or royal coliege.of surgeons at Edinburgh, or (hall have served as a surgeon or fur-geon’s mate in bis Majesty’s fleet or armies, of which.certifie.te

Of

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. So. [1798.

or warrant the said collector, or other principal officer, (hall give to the said surgeon an aiteste. copy gratis.

XXVII.  And, for the better regulation, encouragement, and pre-servation, of the health of the officers and seamen employ.d.in ships or vessels tracting.to the coaf of Africa for slave., and from thence Before any to ^ Wed indies and America; be it further enabled, That, vessel is clear- front and after the first day of Augujl next after the palling of this the°mtafttr^S> a(^’ ^e^"or'e znY foip or ve^el shall proceed to sea, the mailer, officers, and officers, and mariners, (hall sign and execute articles of agree-mari tiers, to ment and a muster roll, in the presene. of, and witneste. by the execute arti- clearing officer, and one of the tidefmen of the port from whence men Tin3 thee. t^ie departs, and a duplie.te of the articles of agreement forms here- and muster roll, duly signed and executed, (hall be delivered to unto annexed; the aforesaid clearing officer, in order to its being lodged with and no other the proper officer in the custom house, according to the forms life (Ton e- hereunto annexed ; which agreement shall be conelusive.to all nalty of 50I. Patties for the time contracted for, and no other form whatsoever of articles of agreement, or muster roll, shall be used under the penalty of fist. pounds, one half to be-paid to the use of Greenwich hosp.tal, and the other half to the informer, or other person who shall sue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record.

Mufter roll to be regulari. kept, &c.

Penalty for tigning false muster rolls, &c.

No officer, See. to be turned over or diicharged, but under the circumstane.s herein mentioned.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted, That a continuation of the muster rolls shall be regulari. and duly kept during the voyage, also a log book, wherein all penalties, fors.itures, and charges against any officer or seamen, shall be regulari. entered, and signed by the master, chies.mate, and surgeon ; which said log book, and the said muster roll, shall, on the arrival of the {hip or vefiel at her dise.arging port in Great Britain, be delivered in to the collector or other chies.officer of the customs, together with the written declaration of the truth thereof, which declaration the collector or other chies.officer, as aforesaid, is hereby required to accept and preserve ; and if any master, chies.mate, or surgeon, shall be convicted of signing false muster rolls, articles of agreement, or log book, he or they (hall fors.it and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall also suffer fix months imprison.enr.

XXIX.  And belt further enacted, That no officer, mariner, or seaman, shall be turned over or discharged, upon any pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty’s ships of war, or to assist a ship in aflual distress, which is to be certified by the principal officers of both ships coneer.ed, and an agreement made in writing with the said officers or men fo lent, or upon prese.ment, or under ill state of health, with the consent of the party, for which a certifie.te shall be given from the captain of any of his Majesty’s ships or vessels, if any are present, or in their absene. two justices of the peace, or the collector or comptroller of the customs at the place or port where such ship or vessel {hall be, or {hall first arrive, where certifie.te shall be returned with the muster roll and log book, on the arrival of the {hip at her delivering port in Great Britain.

XXX.  And

1798.] Anno regni tricefirno nono Georgii III. c. 80.  33^

XXX.  And be it further enacted, That no matter, command- No flops, &c. er, or other person, (hall supply the officers or mariners, Teamen *° hesupplied.or seasarin. men, with more flops, tobacco, spirits, or any other fourth of the article whatsoever, than to the amount of one fourth part of the monthly monthly wages of such officer, mariner, Teaman, or seasarin. wages, man.

XXXI.  And be it further enabled, That if any officer, ma~ Regulations riner, or Teaman, (hall behave in a riotous, seditious, or mu-

tinous manner, it (hall be laws.l for the commander or com- behaving in a manding officer to put such officer, mariner, or Teaman into riotous, fedi-confinement, for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours before tious, or mu-the fame is reported to the captain or commander of any of his tmous man~ Majetty’s (hips or vessels, (being present or within a convenient dicta.ce), who is hereby authorised to enquire into the cause of such complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found necessary, and to grant such relief or remedy therein as the circumstane.s bf the cafe may require; and in cafe none of his Majetty's (hips are present, the cause of complaint shall be fully examined into by the matter and two officers, in the presene. of the (hip's company, and if it shall be judged necessary for the safety of the (hip and cargo to continue the offender or offenders in confinement, such determination shall be drawn up in writing, with the reasons of coming to such resolution ttated at large, and signed by the matter and two officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the penalty of fist. pounds, to report without delay to the captain or commander of the firtt ship or vessel belonging to his Majetty they may fall in with, and in desau.t thereof to report the fame to the governor or chies.officer of any Britijh fort on the coatt of Africa, or to the governor of any of the Weft India istands, on their arrival at any port or road therein, that such measures may be taken to bring the offender or offenders to justice, as the nature of the cafe will admit.

XXXII.  And be it further enabled, That the matter or other Matter to person having or taking the charge or command of every such (hip cause a print-or vessel, shall cause a printed abstract of this act, and also a

copy of the schedule (A.) and of the mutter roll respec.tively to'be deliver-annexed to this actt, to be delivered to each of the officers of the ed to each of said (hip or vessel, and also a copy of each, videlicet, of the said the officers, abttract, schedule, and mutter roll, to be hung up and affixed to j^j;0 be.n the mott publick place of such ship or vessel, and (hall cause the thTmolt pub-fame to be constantly kept and renewed, fo that at all times they lick place in may be~ aecess.ble to the officers and seamen on board of such his vessel, on ship or vessel, upon pain that every such matter or other person  ot

having or taking the charge or command of every such (hip or vessel, who (hall negleet.to affix and renew the fame, shall, for every such offence, fors.it the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIII.  And be it further enacted, That if any officer. If mutinous mariner, or seaman, charged with mutiny or fedirioft, (hall be officers, Redelivered over or taken in cuttody by the order of the governor enttod^1 l° or chies.officer of any fort on the coatt of Africa, or the go- Africa or the vernor of any of the islands in the Britijh We;} Indies, a full Weft Indies, a.

tt a j e m c n t hate rn e n t,

33$

upon oath, to be lodged with the governor, &c. and if the witnesses do not appear at the trial, they ffiall incur a penalty.

Officers, See. to continue in pay till the veiVel is cleared inwards.

Wages of run men to go to Greenwich hospital, &c.

Where offences may be tried, and penalties sued for.

Limitation of actions.

Delivery of writs on board vefleis, to be deemed legal service.

Perfons taking false oaths, to incur the pains of perjury,

See.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c# 80. [1798,

statement.upon oath, which they are hereby empowered to ad-minister, shall be made out and lodged with the said governor, together wiih the names of the witnesses who are to support the charge alied.ed against the prisoner or prisoners, in order to their being sent home for trial, at the next admiralty sessions, for the offence or offences alied.ed against him or them ; and in cafe the said witness or vvitnesse. shall negleet.to appear at the trial upon being duly summoned, he or they shall incur such penalty as the court shall adjudge.

XXXIV.  And be it further enabled. That upon the arrival of every ship or vessel at her dise.arging port in Great Britain, the officers and seamen therein shall be continued in full pay and provisions until the ship is cleared inwards, or their accounts are sett.ed and paid ; and that all wages due to run men shall be fors.ited, and paid one half to the use of Greenwich hospital, and the other half to the mereliant. hospital of the port to which such ship belongs, and all other fors.itures shall be applied as is specified in the articles of agreement \ any custom, law, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV.  And be it further enacted, That any offence committed in breach or violation of this adt, may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer in any county in England. wherein any such offence shall have been committed, or in cafe any such offence shall have been committed on the seas, or in parts beyond the seas, then in such county within which the ship on board which such offence shall have been committed shall have cleared out, or in the county of Middlesex; and any penalty or fors.iture infliste..by this a<51 may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any court of record in Great Britain; and in every such action or fuit, the party against whom judgement shall be given (whether plaintiff or defendant) shall pay double costs of fuit ; and every such action shall and may be brought at any time within three years after the offence comimtted, and not afterwards ; and every such action shall be carried on without wilful delay.

XXXVI.  And be it further enacted, That if any master or other person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel, shall be prosecuted on account of any offence committed against this adt, and the officer whole business it shall be to serve the writ or process issuing out of the court in which such master or other person shall be prosecuted, shall not be able to find the said master or other person fo prosecuted, either on board the said vessel, or on shore or elsewhere, of which such officer shall give publick notice in such court, then, and in all such cases, the delivery of the said writ or process on board the said ship or vessel of which the said person shall have had the charge or command, shall be deemed due and legal service of the said writ or process.

XXXVII.  And be it further enacted. That if any person taking any oath by this adh auth.rifed or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if any person shall unlaws.lly

337

179^-1 Anfto regtii tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. So.

laws.lly procure or suborn any person to take any oath by this acl authorised or required to be taken, whereby such person shall commit wilful perjury, every such person (hall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law infliste..upon persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury or subornation of per-jury.

XXXVIII. And whereas by an att, puffed in the thirty fie c end Clause.in year of the reign of his present Majefiy, and which was afterwards former a#s continued by several.ubsequent.atts> it was enatted, That, from and certifie.tes1^ after the firjl day of August.one thousand seven hundred and ninety- qualifie.tion two, it shall not be laws.l for any person to become a master, or take required to be or have the command or charge of any such Jhip or veffiel^ at the time given by maf-he J,hall clear out from any port of Great Britain for pure.as.g and ters> rect e carrying fiaves from the coajl of Africa, unless such mqjlcr or person taking or having the charge or command of any such Jhip or vessel shall have made oath, and delivered in to the collettor or other chies.officer of the customs at the port where such Jhip or veffiel Jball clear out, a certifie.te, atieste. by the resp.ttive owner or owners that he has already serve. in such capacity during one voyage, or shall have served afrchies.mate or surgeon during the whole of two voyages, or either as chies.or other mate during three voyages, in pure.as.g and carrying saves from the coafi of Africa, under pain that such mosier.or other person taking or having the charge or command of any such Jhip or veffiel, and afo the owner or owners zvho shall hire pr employ such person, shall, for every such offence resp.ttively, fors.it and pay the sum of five hundred pounds: and whereas doubts have arisien.Doubts arising ref petting the confiruttion of the above mentioned clause, whether the certifie.te thereby required to be delivered in to the collettor or other attest.d. chies.officer of the cujloms, Jhould be attejled by the resp.ttive owner or owners of any firip or veffiel wherein the person or persons then about to take the command of the Jhip or veffiel required to be cleared out, had formerly failed in fame or one of the capacities by the said att specified and required, or by the resp.ttive owner or owners of the Jhip or vessel in which such person or persons vjas or were then about to Jail as the majler or commander thereof as belieying.the fatts fated in the affidavit of such person or persons then about to have or take the charge or command of any such finp or vessel to be true : and whereas, in consequene. of such doubts, the collettors or other chies.officers of the cufioms at the ports of London and Liverpool, doubting the meaning and confiruttion of the said attsy have required and taken certifie.tes attejled in both the ways before mentioned., and cleared out ships or vejfds under each form of certifie.te, in consequene. of which great ineon.eniences have arse., and doubts have been made touching the legality of the policies of infur an ce made upon such ships or vessels; be it theres.re further enacted, That nothing Policies of in-in the said former adfs of parhame.t herein-before mentioned, or in any of them contained, (hall extend, or be construed to i^n ot-1^3 extend, to impeach, invalidate, or make void any policy or po- adt, not to be licies of insurance which (hall have been made before the pafiing void byreafoti of this adf, by reason or in consequene. of any certifie.te or ^vei/unde^ certifie.tes which have been required and given, in order to the Voi. XLU.  Z  clearing  to!

33& Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III.-c.8-o. [1798.

clearing out any ship or vessel employ.d.in the slave trade to the coast of Africa, by the owner or owners of the ship or vessel then about to clear out and to fail, or by the owner or owners of some other (hip or vessel in whose employ the person then about to fail had been formerly employ.d.and failed, or to inflift.any penalty or penalties upon the owner or owners of such {hip or vessel: provided always, That the matter contained in such affidavits of the owner or owners heretofore made as aforesaid shall have been, and in such affidavits as (hall hereast.r be made (hall be, true in substane. and matter of fats..

Ports from XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

ffialTbeVckarS-  °*"  next  a^ter  Paff*ng  of  this a61, no ship or

ed out for  vessel shall be permitted to be entered or cleared outwards, for

carrying..  the purpose of (hipping and carrying (laves from the coast of

jlaves.  Africa, from any part of his Majesty’s dominions, except the

ports of London, Liverpool, and BriJloL

SCHEDULE (A.)

ARTICLES of agreement between the master, officegs, mariners, seamen, and seasarin. men, of the ship  bound

from the port of  upon  an  intended voyage to the

coast.of Africa for  from thence to the

Weft Indies, or America, and afterwards to in Great Britain, or to her delivering port in Europe.

FIRST, The masser does hereby covenant, agree, and engage, with the said officers, seamen, seasarin. men, lands.en, and boys, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the rate of the wages per month, sterling value,'^ts against each person.s name is expressed in the muster roll.

Secondly, The said masser does further agree and engage with the said officers, mariners, seamen, seasarin. men, lands.en, and boys, that they shall be daily and regulari. supplied with good and wholesome victuals, and a portion of wine’ or spirits, as hereast.r specified ; the said provisions to be iffiied and dressed in the usual manner in which it is done on board his Majeffy’s (hips of war, and served out to the {hip’s company, in the manner following ; (videlicet),

Sunday, - One pound and an half of beef containing fix-teen ounces to the pound, and a pint of flour. Monday, - One pound of pork, containing sixteen ounces, to the pound, and half a pint of pease. Tuefday, - One pint of oatmeal, and two ounces of butter, and four ounces of cheese; or, one pound of flock fish, with one-eighth of a pint of oil, and a quarter of a pint of vinegar, in lieu of ' butter and cheese.

Wednefday, The fame as Monday.

Tburs.ay, - The fame as Sunday.

Friday, - The fame as Tuefday.

Saturday, - The fame as Monday,

Each

 Googl

339

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. So..

Each person besides to have fix pounds of bread per week; and a quarter of a pint of spirits, or half a pint of wine, together with  of  water  per  day during the voyage.

In lieu of pcafe and oatmeal may be served rice, Indian corn, yams, or calavane.s.

In cafe of being put to short allowane., the master, officers, and seamen, are to be at the fame allowane. of provi{ions and water, and to be allowed (hort allowane. money, at the rate of three-pence per day if at two thirds allowane., and four-pence halfpenny per day per man, if at half allowane., and to be paid their short allowane. money ten days before the vessel fails from the Weft Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenanted and agreed by and between the said parties, That the master of the said ship, at his or the owners proper cost and charge, will hire and employ the natives in their cras., to wood and water the said ship, during her continuance oil the coast of Africa, if luch natives can be procured, under the direction of a patroon belonging to the said ship.

And it is further agreed on the part of the said master, That whenever the officers and seamen are employ.d.tracting.in cras. up the rivers, that the said master will, on the part of the owners, furnish the parties fo employ.d.with a sufficient quantity of painted canvas, or tarpawling, for an awning, and provilion. for the time, in the proportion per diem as is fet forth in thfe foregoing article, with proper utensils and fire to dress the fame; and upon failure thereof, for every such neglect..he {hall fors.it double the value of provision..

The said master does further agree and engage. That there shall be a space reserved for two third parts of the (hip’s company to shelter themselyes.while the slave. are on board; if a frigate-built ship, it shall be under the half deck, or in the steer.age, or under a standing awning of wood, well caulked, in any other ship or vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said master. That he will not, upon any pretence whatsoever, turn over or discharge any of the officers or (Tip’s company belonging to the laid ship, un-less.on promotion, or to assist a fin i p actually in di ft refs, and not then unless properly certified as before expressed in this a<5t; and the said master does hereby further agree to advane. one month’s pay to the officers and (hip’s company, before the said ship departs from Great Britain, at the time of settling the river or harbour pay, and that the monthly wages (hall commence from that period: and it is further agreed by the said master. That he will pay, or cause to be paid, one month’s pay after the landing of the (laves in the Weft Indies or America, ten days before the failing of the said ship on her homeward-bound pasia.e : and also the said master engages to make the general signal for failing twenty-four hours before the departure of the said (hip, videlicet, by loosing the foretopsail.and firing a gun.

% 2  And

Anno regni tricenmo nono Georgii HI. c. 80. [1798.

And we the officers, mariners, seamen, seasarin. men, lands.men, and boys, in consideration of the monthly or other wages, foregoing stipulations and engagements, do severally promise and agree, and bind ourselyes.by these presents, to behave with due subordination and respect, and to obey the laws.l commands of our commander or superior officers on board the said {hip, or boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faiths.l seamen and mariners; and at all places where the ship shall touch at, put into, or anchor, during the said voyage, to do our utmost endeayours.for the preservation of the said ship and cargo, and not to negleet.or refuse doing our duty by night or by day, nor go out of the said (hip on board any other vessel, or be on Ihore tinder any pretence whatsoever, without leave first obtained of our commander or commanding officer on board ; and further. That we will on no account whatsoever leave or desert the said lhip without the mailer’s consent, (unless.to serve on board any of his Majesty’s ship.), till the abovesaid.voyage be ended, and the said (hip discharged, under the fors.iture of our wages: and we do further agree, That when absent upon leave, we will immediately repair on board when required Co to do by our commander, or any of our superior officers, on failure thereof to fors.it for such disobedience (even days pay, to be charged against our wages, for every such offence: and we do further agree and acknowledge, That forty-eight hours absene. without leave shall be deemed a total desertion from the said ship, and our wages fors.ited as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient cause can be assigned for such absene..

And it is further agreed by us the said officers and mariners belonging to the said ship, That we will not demand our wages, or any part thereof, except the value of a fourth part of our wages, to be supplied in (lops or other necessaries, and one month’s pay, with our fbort allowane. money, then due in the TVefl Indies or America, until the arrival of the said (hip at her delivering port, except we should be impressed or enter on board any of his Majesty’s (hips, or be discharged by mutual consent, agreeably to the foregoing certifie.te, as specified in the adl.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said officers, mariners, seamen, seasarin. men, lands.en, and boys, That whatever {fores, furniture, or apparel, each or any of us receive into our charge belonging to the said {hip, (hall be accounted for; and in-cafe any thing Ihould be loft or damaged by our negligene. or careless.els, it lhaii be made good to the masters or owners, out of the wages of such officers or seamen by whole negligene. it has happened.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (B).

MUSTER ROLL.

23 CAP.   CjOO^I                                  

  Officers and Men’s Names.  Quality.  Where  born.  <u  <  | Years at Sea.  Time of F.ntrv, anri Place where.  Time when, and Place where, dif charged, died, run, ■or drowned.  I Cause.of Difcharge, 1 Death, or drowned.  £ -6  1* w 0  0 ^  CT3  Ij  Wages  per  Month.  Advane.  Money.  Hospit.l  Duty.  Amount of Slops supplied.  Amount of  Dead Men’s Cloaths.  Amount of Short Allowane. Money.  Total Amount of W'ages due when dif-charged, See. Scc.  Amount of Run Men’s Pay.

            „        X- s. d.  X- d.  X.  X. J.  X- s, d  11 1;  X- *. d.  X* r- d.

V

Vo

Co

D

o

O

n>

n

CD

3

o

£3

O

£3

O

O

w

o

o

p

oo

o

*

342.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. Si. [1798.

CAP. LXXXI.

An att to prevent unlaws.l combinations of workmen.—[July 12,

1799*3

nm'ole. "\\T HEREAS great numbers of journeymen mamfaSlitre.s and V V workmen in various parts of this kingdom, have, by unlaws.l meetings and combinations, endeayoure. to obtain advane. of their wages, and to esse.tuate other illegal purposes; and the la ws at present in force againjl such unlaws.l conduit have been found to be inadequate to the sup.rejfon thereof, whereby it is become necessary that more esse.tual proviso. floould be made againjl such unlaws.l combinations \ and for preventing such unlaws.l practices in future, and for bringing such offenders to more speedy and exemplary justice: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted.by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the All contracts fame, That, from and after the passing of this aCh, all contracts.

heretofore en tered into by workmen for obtaining an advane. of wages, altering the usual time of work-

covenants, ana agreements whatloever, in wilting, or not in writing, at any time or times heretofore made or entered into by or between any journeymen manus.cturers or other workmen, or other persons within this kingdom, for obtaining an advane. of wages of them, or any of them, or any other journeymen manus.cturers or workmen, or other persons in any manning, deer.af- fact.re, trade, or business, or for lessening or altering their or in or the quan- any of their usual hours or time of working, or for deer.asing.

titv of work, &c. illegal.

Every work' man, after paising.this act, who

the quantity of work, or for preventing or hindering any person or persons from employ.ng.whomsoever he, she, or they (hall think proper to employ in his, her, or their manus.cture, trade, or business, or for controlling or anyway afFe&ing any person or persons carrying on any manus.cture, trade, or business, in the conduCt or management thereof, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That no journeymen, workmen, or other persons shall, at any time after the passing of this act, make or enter into, or be coneer.ed in the making of or

ihall be guilty entering into any such contract, covenant or agreement, in writ-of any such jng or not fn writing, as is herein-before declared to be an ilie-b^commiined covenant? contract, or. agreement; and every journeyman.

to the common gaol, or the house of corrtClion j

workman, or other person who, after the passing of this a Cl, (hall be guilty of any of the said offences, being thereof laws.lly convicted, upon his own confefli'on, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or v/itnesse., before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence (hall be committed, (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby autho-rifed and empowered to administer in such cafe, and in all other cases.where aa oath is to be taken before any justice or justices of the peace in pursuance of this act), within three calendar

months

 <^ooQLe

1798,] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. Si. 343

months next after the offence shall have been committed, shall, by order of such justice or justices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurisdiction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or, at the disere.ion of such justice or justices, shall be committed to some house of correction within the fame juris.iCtion, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

III.  And be it further enacted, That every journeyman or as also any workman, or other person who shall, at any time after the paf- workman en-sing.of this a6f, enter into any combination to obtain an ad- ^y^combina-vane. of wages, or to leste. or alter the hours or duration of the tion tor ad-time of working, or to deer.ase the quantity of work, or for any vane.ng other purpose contrary to this aCf, or who shall, by giving wages, &c. ^ money, or by persuasion, solicitation, or intimidation, or any endeavouAo other means, directly or indirectly, endeayour.to prevent any preVent any unhired or unemploy.d.journeyman, or workman, or other per- workman fon in any manus.cture, trade, or business, or any other person fron? wanting employment in such manus.cture, trade, or business, pi^ilonhiin from hiring himself to any manus.cturer or tradesman, or person to quit his conducting any manus.cture, trade, or business, or who shall, employment, for the purpose of obtaining an advane. of wages or for any

other purpose contrary to the provisions of this act by any means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, cjecoy, persuade, solicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or endeayour.to prevail, on any journeyman, or workman, or other person hired or employ.d. or to be hired or employ.d. in any such manus.cture, trade, or business, to quit or leave his work, service, or employment, or who shall hinder or prevent, or attempt to hinder or prevent any manus.cturer or tradesman, or other person, from employ.ng.in his or her manus.cture, trade, or business, such journeyman, workman, and other persons as he or she shall think proper, or who, being hired or employ.d.shall refuse to work with any other journeyman or workman- employ.d.or hired to ■work therein, and who shall be laws.lly convicted of any of the said offences, upon his own confession, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnestes, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, di-vision, city, liberty, town, or place where such offence shall be committed, within three calendar months next after the offence shall have been committed, shall, by order of such justice or justices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurisdiction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or otherwise be committed to some house of correction within the fame juris.i&on, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

IV.  And) for the more esse.tual sup.rejfon of all combinations

amongjl journeymen, workmen, and other persons employ.d.in any ma-nufatiure, trade, or business, be it further enaeste.. That all and  0

every persons and person whomsoever (whether employ.d.in any attend

z ^  inch  any-mutiny

none oi mg any file. •i con-

344 Anno regni tricesimo none Ge.or.gii III. c. 81., [179S*

for the pur- such manus.cture, trade, or business, or not) who shall attend

:i mak- any meeting had or held for the purpose of making or entering

into any contrail, covenant, or agreement, by this act declared

, or who t0 be illegal, or of entering into, Supporting, maintaining, con-

iK.illsummons.tinuing, or carrying on any combination tor any purpose by this

o' endeayour.a6V declared to be illegal, or who shall summons, give notice to,

yo induce any caj]_ Up0n persuade, entice, solicit, or by intimidation or any •journeyman . r  •• m • v ru i -  .  •  ,  *  J

• o attend any other means directly or indirectly enoeayour.to induce any jour-

such.meeting, neyman, workman, or other person employ.d.in any manus.c-or who shal. ture, trade, or business, to attend any iuch meeting, or who mone^ a&c shall dolied., demand, ask, or receive any sum of money from money, c. any fUch journeyman, workman, or other perlon, for any of the purposes aforesaid, or who (hall persuade, entice, foiicir, or by intimidation or any other means direCtly or indirectly, endeayour.to induce any such journeyman, workman, or other person. to enter into or be coneer.ed in any such combination, or to quit or leave his work, service, or employment, or who shall pay any sum of money, or make or enter into any subs.ription or contribution for or towards the support or encouragement of any such illegal meeting or combination, and who shall be laws.lly conviCted of any of the said offences, upon his own confefiion, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more juifice or justices of the peace for the county,riding, divilion, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, within three calendar months next after the offence shall have been committed, shall, by order of such juille. or justices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their juris.iCtion, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or otherwise be committed to some house of correction within the fame, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

V.  And be it further enacted, That no person (whether employ.d.as a journeyman or workman in any manus.cture, trade or business, or not) shall at any time after the palling of this act pay or give any sum or sums of money, or valuable thing, as a subs.ription or contribution for the purpose of paying any ex-pences incurred or to be incurred by any perlon acting contrary to the provisions of this a£t, or shall by payment of money or other means, support or maintain any journeyman, workman, or any person to other person, or contribute towards his support or maintenance, work ^or t^le PurP°^e inducing him to refuse to work, or to be hired on penalty oV or employ.d.in any manus.cture, trade, or business, and every rol. and person who shall be guilty of any such offence shall fors.it and every person ]0fe any sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, and every codeccing^  journeyman, workman, and other person, who shall collect or

/hch purposes rece,ve any money or valuable thing for any of the purposes afore? iTull-fors.it  said, shall fors.it and lose any sum not exceeding the sum of five

5!.  pounds ; and all and every of the said offences (ball be heard and

determined in a summary way, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty,

town.

No person shall contribute for any expencesincurred for acting contrary to this aitt, or towards the lupport of

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3i.  345

town, or place, where such offence (hall be committed, and the conviction for the fame may be had and made upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, and the amount of the fors.iture or penalty for every such offence shall be fixed and determined by such juffice or justices, but not exceeding the several sums herein-before mentioned; and in cafe Penalty may #ny such fors.iture or penalty shall not be forthwith paid, pur- bekviedby suant to such conviction, such juffice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, cause the fame to be levied by the offender distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together may be com-with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale; and fitted to in cafe no fuss.cient.distress can be had, such juffice or justices ^a° *

(hall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, commit the offender to the common gaol, or some house of correction within his or their juris.iCtion, there to remain, without bail or main-prize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months nor less than two calendar months.

VI. And be ft further enacted, That all sums of money, which at any time-heretofore have been paid or given as a fub-scrip.ion or contribution for or towards any of the purposes prohibited by this aCl, and shall, for the space of three calendar months next after the palling of this act, remain undivided in the hands of any treasurer, collector, receiver, trustee, agent, or other person, or placed out at interect, and all sums of money which (hall at any time after the palling of this act be paid or given as a subscription or contribution for or towards any of the purposes prohibited by this aCl, shall be fors.ited, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other moiety to such person as will sue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler; and any treasurer, collector, receiver, trustee, agent, or pther person, in whose hands or in whose name any such sum of money shall be or shall be placed out, or unto whom the fame shall have been paid or given, shall and may be sued for the fame as fors.ited as aforesaid.

Contributions for any of the purposes prohibited by this anot divided for three months after pilling thereof, to be fors.ited, as also all future contributions for such purposes.

VII.  And, for the better discovery of all sums of money which have beem or fall be paid or given for any purpose prohibited by this act,

be it further enaCIed, That all and every the persons and person Perfons liable who shall or may be liable by virtue of this aCI to be sued for the to be sue. *or fame, shall be obliged and compeliable.to answer upon oath to any ^r^uclspur.infonnation which shall or maybe prese.red against them or him poses com-in any court of equity, by or in the name of his Majesty’s at- peliable.to an-torney general, on the part of his Majesty, or at the relation of *wer on. °ath any informer, for discovering the sum and sums of money fo paid mation^r*1'" or given, for any of the prohibited purposes aforesaid; and such 'ferred against court shall and.may make such orders and deer.es therein as to them, such court shall seem just, and iio person shall demur to, or refuse to answer such information, by reason of any penalty or fors.iture, to which such person may be liable, in consequene. of any discovery which may be sough. thereby.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon pay- Upon payment into the court, in which such information (hall be filed, of ment into,

all court 0 1 le ai money re-

346 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. [1798.

maining m the all the money paid or given unto any such treasurer, collector* Tieri'on^VTtfe receiver> trustee, agent, or other person, for any of the prohibited time of filing purposes aforelaid, and remaining in his hands at the time of information, filing such informations, and upon making a full discovery of all and making a the securities in or upon which all such money, which shall not the fe'mpties  rema^n^n&  *n  ^IS hands, shall have been placed out or in-

upon which vefied, the perion or persons paying such money into court, and other monies making such discovery, (hall be aequi.ted and discharged from shall have been all fors.itures and penalties which (hall or may have been incur-^ rtv^to^e re<^ ky or them by reason of having collected or received discharged such tnoney, or otherwise abled coneer.ing the fame, and from from penalty, all abiions and other suits resp.bling the fame, by any person or persons whomsoever; any statute, law, or usage, or any thing in this abl contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding. Offenders may IX. And be it further enabled, That all and every persons be compelied.and person who shall or may offend against this abl, (hall and

t0 CflVC cvi-  4  J  o  *

cence and" may> equally with all other persons, be calied.upon and com-shall.eindem- pelied.to give his or her tess.mony.and evidene. as a witness or mfied from  witnesses on belial. of his Majesty, or of the prosecutor or in-

. prolecution former, upon any information to be made or exhibited under lor any mat ter  1 ^ «  •

relative to it. ac^ » anc* ^at m  ca^es5  every  person  having  given

his or her tess.mony.or evidene. as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is indemnisi.d of, from, and against any information to be laid, or prosecution to be commeneed, against: him or her for having offended in the matter wherein or relative to which he, she, or they, shall have given tess.mony.or evidene. as aforesaid.

X. And, for the more esse.tually ensor.ing and carrying into exe~ s may tion theprovision. of this adt, be it further enabled, That on complaint and information on oath before any justice or juffices of the peace, of any offence having been committed against this

JuftTce ftimmon offenders, and on their not

appearing, or abl, within his or their resp.blive juris.iblions, such justice or juffices are hereby authorised and required to summon the person or persons charged with being an offender or offenders against this abr, to appear before such justice or juffices, at a certain time and place to be specified 3 and if any person or persons fo summoned (hall not appear according to such summons, then such juffices, or any one of them, (proof on oath having

in the firlt infiance, may illue warrant for their appre-hention, and on their ap-

dc teniuV.Tuie ^cen fifft niade before them or him, of the due service of inch matter.  summons upon such person or persons, by delivering the fame

to him or them personally, or leaving the fame at his or their usual place or places of abode), shall make and issue their or his warrant or warrants for apprehending the person or persons fo summoned, and not appearing as aforesaid, and bringing him or them before such justice or juffices, or it shall be laws.l for such justice or juffices, if he or they shall think fit, without issuing any previous summons, and instead of issuing the fame, upon such complaint and information on oath as aforesaid, to make and issue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending the person or persons by such information charged to have offended against this abf, and bringing him or them before such justice or juffices 3 and upon the person or persons complained agains. appearing

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgix III, c,8i.'  347

pearing upon such summons, or being brought by virtue of such warrant or warrants before such justice or justices, then such justices, or one of them, shall, and they or he are and is hereby authorised and required forthwith to make enquiry touching the matters complained of, and to examine into the fame by the oath or oaths of any credible person or persons, as (hall be requisite, and to hear and determine the matter of every such complaint, and upon confefiion by the party, or proof by one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath, to convict or aequi. the party or parties against whom complaint fnall have been made as aforesaid.

X[ And be it further enabled, That it (hall be laws.l for the justice or justices of the peace, before whom any such com-  and  on

plaint and information (hall be made as aforesaid, and he and their not ap-they are hereby authorised and required, at the request in writ- pearing or re-ing of any of the parties, to issue his or their summons to any wit-nefs or witnesses, to appear and give evidene. before such justice commiTthTml!' or justices, at the time and place appointed for hearing and determining such complaint, and which time and place shall be specified in such summons; and if any person or persons fo sum.moned to appear as a witness or witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such justice or justices at the time and place spec.-cified in such summons, or offer some reasonable excuse for the desau.t, or appearing according to such summons, shall not fub-mit to be examined as a witness or witnesses, and give his or their evidene. before such justice or justices, touching the matter of such complaint, then and in every such cafe it {hall be laws.l for such justice or justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, (proof on oath, in the cafe of any person not appearing according to such summons, having been ftrft made before such justice or justices of the due service of such summons on every such person, by delivering the fame to him or her, or leaving the fame at his or her usual place of abode), by warrant under the hands or hand of such justices or one of them, to commit such person or persons fo making desau.t in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give evidene., to some prison within the ju-rifdiCtion of such justice or justices, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until such person or persons dial] submit himseif, herself, or themselyes.to be examined, and give his, her, or their evidene. before such justice or justices as aforesaid.

XII.  And be it further enacted, That, the justice or justices Convictions before whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any of- and commit-fence against this aCL or by whom any person shall be committed Tt"1^

• C r  .  J  J  *  r  y  .  .  Ol a.v\ II Up lu

to prilon for not appearing as a witness, or not submitting to be the form in examined, shall cause all such convictions, and the warrants or the schedule orders for such commitment, to be drawn up in the form or to annexed, the esse.t fet forth in the schedule to this act.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices Convictions before whom any such conviction shall be had, (hall cause the t0.be trans.fame (drawnup in the form or to the esse.t herein-before directed) J^xt^enera^ to be fairly written on parclime.t, and transmitted to the next or general'

general quarter lei-

.

348

(Ions to be filed, and if appeal he made, the just ices lh all then proceed to hearing it.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. [1798.

general sections or general quarter fefiions of the peace to be holden for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the fa id general fefiions or general quarter self.ons ; and in cafe any person or persons shall appeal, in manner hereinafter mentioned, from the judgement of the said justice orjustice. to the said general sections or general quarter fefiions, thejustice. in such general fefiions or general quarter fefiions are hereby required, upon receiving such conviction, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, accord->7o Certiorari ing to the directions of this aCl; and no Certiorari (hall be granted to be granted, to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this act.

Appeal may XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if be made from any person convicted of any offence or offences punisti.ble by this act, (hall think himself or herself aggrieyed.by the judge-tfte general or ment of such justice orjustice. before whom he or (he shall have general quar- been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal from 'MV11 b ever^ conviction to the next court of general fefiions or i'u pended on6 genera^ quarter fefiions of the peace, which (hall be held for the the party’s en- county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein ttring into re-such.offence was committed, and that the execution of every cognizance

proiecute the appeal.

to judgement fo appealed from (hall be suspended, in cafe the per-

irsho.s to be final.

If judgement be affirmed, the appellant

fon lo convicted (hall immediately enter into recognizance before such justice orjustice. (which he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to take) with two sufficient sureties, in the penalty of twenty pounds of laws.l money of Great Britain^ upon condition to prosecute such appeal with esse.f, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the P-d lion of the said next general fefiions or general quarter fefiions, and to pay such costs as the said court (hall award on such occasion; and the justices in the said next court of general fefiions or general quarter fefiions are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them (hall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party, which decision (hall be final; and if upon hearing the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices be-nalt^&c ^ f°re  appellant (hall have been convicted, shall be

c * affirmed, such appellant shall forthwith pay the fors.iture or penalty (if any) mentioned in such conviction, and the costs awarded to be paid by such appellant; and in desau.t of payment thereof, or in cafe such conviction (hall contain a judgement of imprisonment, such appellant (hallimmediately be committed by the said court, either to the common gaol or house of correction, according to such conviction, and tor the space of time therein mentioned, without bail or mainprize, and also until the payment of such costs as (hall be awarded by the said court to be paid by such appellant.

Aff not to XV. Provided always, and be it enaCied, That nothing in abridge pow- this a Cl contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to re-ers now given peal, takeaway, or abridge, the powers and authorities given to ices any justice orjustice. of the peace in and by any aCl or act. of

parhame.t 

touching

1798*] Anno regnl tricesimo nono Georgii TIL c. 81.  349

parhame.t heretofore made and now in force touching any com- combinations binations of manus.cturers, journeymen, or workmen, or for of manus.ctu-settling.and adjusting disputes or differene.s between masters and reib? c their journeymen, workmen, or other persons employ.d.by them in any manus.cture, trade, or business, or the rate or amount of wages to be paid to such journeymen, workmen, or other persons, or the mode or time of their working or being employ.d. or the quantity of work to be done, or touching any matter whatsoever also provided for by this act; but that all justices of the peace (hall continue to use, exereis., and execute, all the powers and authorities given to them in and by such acts of parhame.t, or any of them, in such and the fame manner as they could or might have done if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwith-standing.

XVI.  Provided always, That this act fhail not extend to au- nor to em-

thorife or empower any person or persons carrying on any ma- power manu-nufacture, trade, or business, to employ therein any journeyman fa&urers to or workman contrary to the regulations and provisions contained conTi^ry* in any actor acts of parhame.t which hath or have been hereto- to the provi-fore made, and is and are now in force, for settling, regulating, Sons now in or directing the manner or method of conducting, managing, or force for regu-carrying on any particular manus.cture, trade, or business, or duS^of any0" the work or service of the persons employ.d.therein, without the particular ma-previous licence and consent in writing of one justice of the nufacture, peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or without h-place, in which such manus.cture, trade, or business fhail be  rom  a

carried on, expreHing the cause or reason of giving or granting/

the fame, which licence it fhail be laws.l for one such justice to grant, whenever the qualisle. journeymen or workmen usually employ.d.in any manus.cture, trade, or business, (hail refuse to work therein for reason.bie wages, or to work for any particular person or persons, or to work with any particular persons, or (hall, by refusing to work for any cause whatsoever, or by mif-conducting themselyes.when employ.d.to work, in any manriS* impede or obstruct the ordinary course of any manus.cture, trade, or business, or endeayour.to injure the person or persons carrying on the fame.

XVII.  And be it further enabled, That if any acte.on or fuit Limitation of (hall be brought or commeneed.against any person or persons for actions, any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in purs.ance

of this a<t, or for any cause, matter, or thing herein contained,

such.action or fuit (hall be commeneed.within three calendar

months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in

the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in such ac- General issue.

tion or fuit may plead the general issue, and give the special.

matter in evidene. for his or their defence ; and if upon trial a

verdict; (hall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff

or plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their

action or prosecution, or judgement fhail be given again (I him,

her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant

or

' 

Treble cods.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. [1798.

or defendants (hall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE to which this A£t refers.

FORM of conviction and commitment.

BE it remembered, That on the  day of

in the  year of hisvMajest.’s reign, and in the year of

our Lord  A. B. is convicted before me [or us, naming

the jufices], one [or two] of his Majesty’s justices of the peace for the county, [or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place], of  of  having  [satin. the 0fence], contrary to the

stat.te made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft, [here fet forth the title of the aft], and I [or we], the said justice or justices, do hereby,order and adjudge the said A. B. for the said offence, to be committed to and confined in the common gaol for the said county, [or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place], for the space of [or to be committed to the house of correct.ion at within the said county, [or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place], there to be kept to hard labour for the space of

Given under my [or our] hand [or hands], the day and year above written.

FORM of conviction in a pecuniary penalty.

BE it remembered, That on [purs.ling the fame form as far as the title of this aft], and I [or we] the said justice [or justice.], do hereby adjudge and determine the said A. B. for the said offence, to fors.it and lose the sum of  of laws.l

money of Great Britain, and do order the fame to be forthwith paid by him [or her], into my [or our] hands, for the use of his Majesty.

Given under [as before].

FORM of commitment of a person summoned as a witness.

WHEREAS C. D. hath been duly summoned to appear and give evidene. before me [or us], [naming thejufice or juf ices who iffiied the summons. one [or two] of his Majesty’s justices of the peace for the county [or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place], of  on this  day  of  at

being the time and place appointed for hearing and determining the complaint made on the oath of [the informer or proseen.or], before me [or us], against A. B. of having [satin. the offence as laid in the informationJ, contrary to the statute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft, [here insert the title of the aft] : and whereas the said C. D. hath not appeared before me [or us], at the time and place aforesaid, specified for that purpose, or offered any rea-, fonable excuse for his [or her] desau.t: [or, and whereas the said C. D. having appeared before me [or us], at the time and place aforesaid specified, for that purpose, -hath not submitted to

be

CjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82.  351

be examined as a witness, and give his [or her] evidene., before me [or us], touching the matter of the laid complaint, but hath refused fo to do : theres.re 1 [or we] the said justice [or juf-tices], do hereby in pursuance of the said stature, commit the said C. D. to the [describing the prison.], there to remain without bail or mainprize for his [or her] contempt aforesaid, until he [or (he] (ball submit himself [or herse.f] to be examined and give his [or her] evidene. before me [or us] touching the matter of the said complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by due course of law: and you the [constable, or other peace officer or officers to whom the warrant is direct.d], are hereby autho-rifed and required to take into your custody the body of the said C. D. and him [or her] safely convey to the said prison, and him [or her] there to deliver to the gaoler or keeper thereof, who is hereby authorised and required to receive into his custody the body of the said C. D. and him [or her] safely to detain and keep pursuant to this commitment.

Given under my [or our] hand [or hands] this day of  in  the  year  of our Lord

This commitment to be dires.ed to the proper peace officer and the gaoler or keeper of the prison.

C A P. LXXXII.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, pajfed in the thirty-fix th year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An acf for amending, and reducing into one a61 of parhame.t, two several acfs, passed in the'thirty-fourth and thirty-fist. years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating the trained bands or militia of the said city.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the thirty-sixth.year of the Preamble,

reign of his present Majesty. intituled. An a 61 for amend- 36 Geo. 3. c. ing, and reducing into one a£f of parhame.t, two several atfts, recited, palied.in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fist. years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating of the trained bands or militia of the said city : and tvhereas there are great deficiencies of 7nen in the tivo regiments of London militia, arise.g from desertion \ and there is no provision made in the said act for fapplying such de-ficiences, and it is expect.ent that fame further and other powers Jhould be granted for carrying the purposes of the said aft into execution; be it theres.re enaeste. by the King's 1110ft excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and The present by the authority of the fame, That the present deficiencies in  ^

the said two regiments of militia shall be supplied by the several be replied hi wards of the said city, and the liberties and precinets.within the the propor-feme, in the proportions following; (that is to fay),  tious follow-

ForlnS*

352 Anno regni tricesimo none Georgii 11L c. 82* [1793, For the east regiment; by the wards of Aldgate, fourteen men i Bajjifhaiv, three men ;

Billing [gate, nine men ; jBishop.gate Within, ten men;

Bishop.gate Without, eleven men ;

Bridge, fix men;

Broad Street, eleven men ,

Candlezvick, five men ;

Coleman Street, eight men;

Dow gate, fix men ;  •

Langbourn, llxteen men ;

Lime Street, five men;

Portsoke., ten men ;

Power, fix teen men;

And, for the weft regiment; by the wards of

Alderfgate TVthin and  Martin's Le Grand, four men;

Alderfgate Without, five men;

Bread Street, fix men ;

Cajlle Baynard, ten men ;

Cheap, ten men ;

Cordwainer, five men ;

Cripplegate Within, ten men ;

Cripplegate Without, eight men ;

Farringdon Within, nineteen men ;

Farringdon Without, forty-four men;

Ssue.iikithe, five men ;

. Vintry, five men;

Walbrook, fix men.

Commisho.-  II. And be it further enafled, That his Majesty’s commis.ioners

nanc^ to^fl'ue ^eutenancy f°r the city of London, at any of their courts of precepts to ^ lieutenancy, shall, and they are hereby required to ifiue precepts the respective to the aldermen, deputies, and common couneil.en of the several wards, to raise wards of the laid city and the liberties and precinets.within the ‘^proper- fame, requiring them to cause the number of men, herein-before 10ns*  appointed,  to  be raised in their resp.es.ve wards, to be provided ;

and the aldermen or deputies, and common couneil.en of the several wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall provide the number of men directed to be raised in their respective wards, in the fame manner, and with the fame powers, and under and subject to the several clauses, regulations, provisions, direct.ions, matters, and tilings, in the said a£t contained, with respect. to the raising of the number of men thereby ordered and directed to be raise..

If deserters or HI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any militia man absentees be serving in the said militia shall desert or absent himself from his

don^return duty, anc*  not  return  or  be taken  tiie  *Pace th.ree

in three " calendar months from the time of his fo deserting or absenting months, the himself, then, upon certifie.te thereof from the commanding of-commis.ioners fleer.0f regiment to which such militia man ftiall belong, to provide  to

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82. .  353

to the said commissioners of lieutenancy, at any of their courts of°ther men out lieutenancy, the said commissioners (hall and are hereby required,^ e rop ? out of the trophy taxraise. for the said city, within ten days next following, to provide another man in the place of him fo de-fertmg; and in cafe such militia man fhaJl at any time return, or Deferters, if be Token, he (hall, notwithttanding any person (hall have been t^n*ikd>to provided to serve in his room, be compelied.to serve in the fames.r™ey e manner, and for the fame term, as if no person had been provided in his room.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That in cafe any of the pri- Commission.

vates serving in the said militia (hall be promoted to the rank  ^°V1  e

serjeant. or corporals therein, and the commanding officer of the trophy tax regiment in which such private or privates ffiall serve, {hall cer- men to serve tify such promotion to the said commissioners, then the said com- instead ofthose.miffiioners ffiall and are hereby required, out of the trophy tax promotec** raised for the said city, to provide another man or men to serve.

in the lieu and stead of such private or privates fo promoted; and all such men as ffiall be fo provided by the said commissioners, as well as all such as have been heretofore raised by the said commissioners in lieu of deserters, and all such as ffiall be hereast.r A raised either by the aldermen, or deputies and common couneil, or by the said commissioners, in pursuance of this adf, in lieu of deserters, ffiall be ailot.ed to the fame paris.ies as the men were in whose room they are or ffiall be respectively raised, and ffiall be entitled to the fame benefits in consequene. of such ailot.ent as other men serving in the said militia are or ffiall be by virtue of the said acf, or of this present adf.  ^  fer'eant

V.  And be it further enacted. That in addition to the num- major, and a ber of serjeants by the said a£l directed to be appointed to the quartermaster.said miiitia, there ffiall be added one serjeant to adl as serjeant serjeant, to be major, and one other serjeant to a£t as quarter matter serjeant, adc\ed to each to each of the said regiments, over and above the proportion of g serjeants and corporals by the said adl direct.ed.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That the clause in the said a&^citeda& re-which directs that serjeants or corporals of the said militia may, pealed. * by sentence of a court martial, be reduced to privates, ffiall be,

and the fame is hereby repealed ; and, in lieu thereof, be it enacted. That any serjeant or corporal of the said militia mayv^°^offi^ra by sentence of a court martial, be reduced to the condition of a may be reprivate soldier of the said militia, to serve as such during any duced to pri-time not exceeding fist.en calendar months, if the regiment ffiall vates for a cer-not be then embodied or in a£fual service, but if the regimenttainUme* ffiall be then embodied or in actual service, to serve as aforesaid until the fame ffiall be disembodied, after which time, or at the end of the said fist.en calendar months, as the cafe may be, if not regulari. re-appointed to the rapk of a non-commis.ioned officer, he ffiall be discharged from the service.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That the clause in the said Clause.44* of

adl, which directs how the charges of pay, cloathing, trophies,  *  re~

and other incidental expences of the said militia are to be defrayed, ffiall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and, in lieu

Vol. XLII.  A  a  thereof.

How the pay, &c. of the militia is to be defrayed.

Colle&ors of the month’s tax negleet.ng theirduty may be fined.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii.III. c, 82. [1798.

thereof, be it enacted, That for defraying the necessary charges of pay, cioathing, trophies, and other incidental expences of the said militia, it (hall be laws.l for the said commissioners to continue to raise and levy, in every year, the proportion of one month’s tax, amounting to four thousand fix hundred and sixty.fix pounds thirteen (hillings and four-pence, which the said city hath been used to pay by virtue of an act of parhame.t, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for ordering the foroes.in the several counties of this kingdom ; and the said com-mishone.s (hall be accountable for the fame, in manner directed by the said a61 of the thirty-sixth.year of the reign of his pre-sent.Majesty; and that no warrant (hall be issued for the raising of any trophy money, till the justices of the peace, or the major part of such justices, at some general or quarter sessions for the (aid city, shall have examined and allowed the accounts of the trophy money last raised, levied, and collected, and certified ' such examination of the said accounts under the hands and seals of three or more of such justices to the said commissioners; and if at any time the said proportion of one month’s tax as afote-said.(hall not be sufficient for the several purposes aforesaid, or if at any time, on account of the said proportion of one month’s tax as aforesaid not being and in a course of payment, the said commis.ioners (hall not have sufficient funds in their hands to an-fwer the several purposes aforesaid, then the receiver general of the land tax for the said city shall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay, from time to time, to the treasurer appointed by the said commis.ioners, upon his producing an order of the court of lieutenancy for that purpose, signed by nine commis.ioners, fo much money as shall be necessary fdr the purposes of training, exereis.ng, paying, cioathing, employ.ng, and keeping in readi-nefs, the said militia, and other incidental expences relating thereto; and the receipt of the said treasurer, indorsed on the said order, (hall be a sufficient discharge to the said receiver general for the money fo to be issued and paid by him: provided always, That of all such sums of money as shall be issued and paid by the said receiver general, for the purposes aforesaid, the said commis.ioners (ball, once in every year, certify an account, under the hands of any nine or more of them, of the expenditure thereof, to the said receiver general; and the said receiver general shall not issue and pay to the said commis.ioners, in any fuc-ceeding year, any further or other sums of money, until such time as the accounts of the expenditure of all sums of money received by them of him, in the preceding year, (hall have been duly certified to him as aforesaid, as also that the said com-missioner. have used all due diligene. in the collection and obtaining payment of the said proportion of one month’s tax as aforesaid.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That if any of the collectors, duly appointed for the collection of the said proportion of QUe month’s tax as aforesaid, shall hegleft or refuse to perform

his

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 82.  355’

his duty in the collection thereof, or having collected tHe. fame,

(hail negleet.or refuse to pay the fame to the treasurer, appointed by'the (aid cornmisti.ners, it (hall be laws.l for any of (his Ma-jePry^s justices of the peace for the said city, to summ.n tfie party before him or thein, and to fine him for .such.his v negleet.or re-, fusa., any Turn not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied by difires. and fal'e of the offender’s goods and chattel, (

(in cafe such fine (hall not be forthwith paid), by warrant under the hand and sea., or hands and seals,, of any one or more • of the said judices, causing the overplus, if any, after, deducting, the charges of such distress and Tale, to be rendered to the party,; and the penalty fo adjudged dial I be paid to the treasurer to. the said commis.ioness, to be applied by him as they {half direbl. . ,

IX.  And be it further enabled, That the clause in. the jsaid.CJause.50, of abt of the thirty-sixth.year of the reign of his prese.s. Majefiyyrecited ad, which direbls relief to be given to the families of persons serving ^pealed from in the said "militia, when embodied and calied.into actual fer- u%'tf next. vice, and ordered to march in manner therein mentioned,,shall.

be, arid the fame is, from and after the first day of Augujl next, hereby repealed,’  ....  .,  ...  •

X.  And whereas the families of 7?ien serving in the said militia, :j  :

when embodied and calied.out' into actual.ervke and ordered to march, „

may become chargeable to the parish.s and liberties whereunto they, are ailot.ed; and the families ofserjeants, corporals, drummers, andfifers^^., serving therein, when embodied and calied.out into alytnal.fezvice and  . •  ,

ordered to march, may become chargeable to the parish to which, they  , ;

belong ; and it is necefjary proviftonshould.be made for such families ; be it theres.re enabled, "That, from and after the laid first day if non-com-of Augujl next, if any person serving in the said militia, .or any mission.d person serving in the room or place pf any man originally ^enrrl?cers>^drum*!-rolied.to serve therein, <j>r any 'ferjeafit, corporal, drummer, or ^tes? whea^ ' fifer, serving therein, (hall, when embodied and calied. out into ordered to n ablual serv.pe, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to march,; leave -support.themselyes, and residing in the said city, or within three  be-

miles thereof, the chure.warden or chure.wardens, or overseer theyffialTbe or overse.rs of the poor of the parish or liberty to .which such Relieve..by the person shall be ailot.ed, (hall, by order of the lord mayor, or parish officers any other magistrate of the city of London, out of the rates for out of-the poor the relief of the poof of such parish or liberty, pay to such fa-Tates* mily such weekly allowane., as to the said lord mayor of the said other magistrate (hall seem expect.ent, not exceeding the. rate of one (hilling and sixpence per. week for. each’ and every chikl born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years; and not exceeding the rate of two (hillings per week for the wife of such, ^ . militia man, whether (he (hall or (hall not have any child or children, and provided the does not follow the regiment ; and in every pari(h or liberty yvtyere the money ^rising.by such rates (hall not be fufHcient for the^puVposes.aforeXaid, a new . rate or. rates shal. be made for raising a sum fuss.ciept for."that pu,rpose.: . and in cafe any serjeant, corporal, drummer, .or fifer?' serving in the said militia, who (hall not be ailot.edfto any parish or liberty,

A a 2  or

(  Hosted  by  

356 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82. [1798.

or whose ailot.ent (hall have ceased by promotion as aforesaid, (hall, when embodied and calied.out into actual service, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to support themselyes, who (hall not belong to the parish, liberty, tything, or town-(hip, where they (hall dwell at the time of being fo embodied and calied.out into actual service, and ordered to march as aforesaid, then the chure.warden or chure.wardens, or overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish, liberty, tything, or town-ship, where such family {hall dwell, (ball, by the order of some one justice of the peace of the respective county, city, division, or place, out of the rates for the relief of the poor of such pa-rifh, liberty, tything, or township, pay to such family such weekly allowane. as to such justice {hall seem expect.ent, not exceeding the said rate of one {hilling and sixpence per week for each child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and not exceeding the said rate of two {hillings ptr week for the wife of such serjeant, corporal, drummer, or fifer, whether (he (hall or (hall not have any child or children, and provided (he does not follow the regiment; and in every parish, liberty, tything, or township, where the money arifmg by such rates shall not be fufRcient for such purpose, a new rate or rates (hall be made for If the family railing a sum sufficient for that purpose; and every such lois. to the weekly allowane. (hall be forthwith reimbursed to the chure.-r?f?f the trea-warc*en or chure.wardens, or overseer or overseers of such pa-surer.othe riftl, liberty, tything, or township, by the treasurer to the said commissioners commis.ioners, on his or their producing and leaving with him ^^jphurfe a certifie.te of the order of the justice allowing such relief; to^t? °wane. which certifie.te the said justice is hereby required to grant accordingly.

not re XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such ?ding within families of the men, serving in the said militia, as shall not recertain limits fide within the city of London, or within the distane. of three not entitled to miles theres.om, shall not be entitled to any relief under the said relief, and of a£j- Qf the thirty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, enrolle%e^>nlv or °f': this a<5t ; and that the families of persons hereast.r to be forthee.ild/ enrolied.to.serve.in the said militia, (hall not be entitled to such relief for more than one child born in wedlock previous to the time of the enrolment of such persons respectively ; and that no order for the relief of the family of any man serving in the said militia shall be valid and esse.tual, unless certifie.tes of the marriage and baptism (or of marriage only in the cafe of a wife) shall be annexed to such order for relief; any thing in the last.mentioned a£i contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The commis. XII. And be it further enabled, That the said commis.ioners, j0ner^./0rty at their said courts, (hall, and they are hereby required, forty the tfme°of days at the before the time of service of any man or men service of any serving in the said militia (hall be expired, to issue a precept or man is ex- precepts to the alderman, deputy, and common couneil.men of pired, shall if- t^e warj 0f the said city, for which such man or men (hall be for prodding  requiring them to provide another man or men in the

another-man room of such man or men, whose time of service (hall be fo expiring;

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo.ono Georgii III. c. 82.  357

piring ; and the alderman or deputy, and common couneil.men of such ward, or the major part of them, shall provide the man, or the number of them specified in such preceptor precepts accordingly, in the fame manner, and under and subj.cft to the fame rules and regulatioris, and with the like powers and authorities as are spec.st.d and contained in the said a<St of the thirty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the raising of men to fefve in the said militia; and the commanding officer of each of the said regiments is hereby empowered, from time to time, to discharge any man or men of his regiment whose time of service will expire within forty days then next ensuing, and to receive any other militia man or men in his or their room, who shall have taken the oaths, and been enrolied.according to the directions of the said act.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That if any chure.warden Parifh officers or overseer of the poor shall, on demand made in pursuance of refuting to^pay any order of the justices of the peace for the said city, made at ^°”t theVef-" their general or quarter sessions for the payment of any sum of f10ns shall be money, and after the producing of the laid order to him, refuse.iable to pe-or negleet.to pay and satisfy the sum or sums of money directed a^d ^ to be paid in or by such order, every such chure.warden or arievecfmav overseer of the poor shall be subject to the fame penalty, and to|ppeal to the be recovered and applied in like manner, as is directed by the next fess.ons. said act in cases.where any chure.warden or overseer of the poor

shall.refuse to pay any money directed to be paid by the order of any justice or justices of the peace; and if any such chure.warden or overseer of the poor shall feel himself aggrieyed.by any such order of the said justices of the peace for the said city,  ^

made at their said general or quarter sessions, it shall and may be laws.l for such person to appeal theres.om to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the said city, in the like manner as is directed by the said atf in cases.of appeal from the order of any justice or justices of the peace.

XIV.  And be it further enacct.d. That if the treasurer to the If the trea-

said.commissioners shall at any time refuse to reimburse any surer  ‘the

chure.warden or overseer of the poor of any parish, liberty, ^ij^efuse.toS township, or tything, any sum or sums of money paid by him in reimburse the pursuance of any order of any justices of the peace, for the re- parish officers lief of the family of any of the persons serving in the said mi- mon^y paid to litia, such persons not being ailot.ed to any parish or liberty, and bekm^W not belonging to such parish, liberty, township, or tything, hav- to the parish, ing, at the time the fame shall be demanded, funds in his hands he shall fors.it applie.ble for that purpose, the said treasurer fo refusing shall forioh

every such refusal fors.it any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be recovered by the adjudication of the lord mayor, or other magistrate of the said city, in like manner as is directed by the said acct, in cases.where any chure.warden or overseer of the poor shall refuse to pay any money directed to be paid by any order of any justice or justices of the peace.

XV.  And whereas by virtue and under the authority of the said aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late

a a 3  majessy.

35$ Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. [1798.

majesty.King Charles the Second, a muster majler for the purposes of miijlering the trained bands of the city (j/'London, and examining 'their arms and accoutrements, had always been appointed, which 'office became unnecejfary by the passing of the aft of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ ffior the better ordering of the militia of the city of London, and it is jujl and reafinable that the person who was muster masse. at the time of the passing of the la ft mentioned aft^ Jhould have some indemnity in lieu of such of-fee as has been given to mufier mojlers of his Majesty s foroes.on their offices being abolished; be it theres.re enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Thomas Gregg, the perlon who was muster master to the said trained bands at the time of the passing of thp trained bands, said last mentioned aft, shall receive and be paid out of the said to be paid 75I. proportion of one month’s tax as aforesaid, the sum of seven.y-

tkedionth’s^ ^ve Pounc*s yearly5 for and during the term of his natural life, to be paid to him Half-yearly by the treasurer to the said com-mission.rs, out of the ‘produce of the said proporion of one month’s tax, or until he shall be appointed by the said commissioners to some office of not less than equal value; the said payment to be computed' and commence from the time of the passing of the said aft of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That the said aflt of the thirty-fix th year of the reign of his present Majesty, and all and every the clauses, powers, provisions, directions, penalties, matters, and things therein Contained, fo far as the fame are applie.ble, and not hereby repealed, shall be applied and put in execution, with respect to this aft, in as full and ample a manner as if they were here again at large repeated and re-enacted.in the body of this aft.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That this aft shall be deemed and taken to be a publick: aft; and'lhall be judicially taken

* hotice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whoe.-soever, without specially.pleacting.the fame.

Mr. Gregg, late muster master of the

tax, until ap pointed to some office.

Recited aft, as far as applie.ble, to extend to this aft.

^jpablick aft.

CAP. LXXXIII,

da aft for transferring to the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, the duties now performed in the offices of the auditors of the' land revenue; and for directing the mode of attejling the accounts of the pay masse. general of his Majesty. s foroes.—[July 12,

*799-3

Preamble.  7HEREAS  the  three  offices  of  auditors  of the land revenue are

VV holden under patents from the crown by persons who execute the duties of the fame wholly by deputy : and whereas it would be conducive to the publick service if the accounts which are now examined and audited in the said offices Jhould, on tfie determination of the present grantees of the said offices, be examined arid audited by the commis.i-oners for auditing the publick accounts of the kingdom ; be it theres.re enacted by the-King’s mod. excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spirit.al and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, rr0^vthJ  b>'  the  authority  of  the  fame,  That,'from and after .the re-

ve ea    fpest.ve

1798 ] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83.  359

sped.ive deaths of Wiilia. Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey °f the present Cooper esquires, Tons of Sir Grey Cooper baronet, Henry Shelly and ^he land re-Thomas Jones esquires, the present auditors of the land revenue vemie> their in England and Wales, the said offices respec.ively, and all the offices to powers, authorities, rights, privileges, and advantages, by the £ease. ancI no said patents respective.y granted and given to them or to any t^bVtaken^8 •f their predecessors, (hall cease and determine, from and after exceptashere« which time no fee, gratuity, perquisite, or emolument whatever, in authorise.. (hall be received or taken by any person or persons whomsoever, employ.d.in making up, passing, or auditing any accounts under the authority of this a£l, save and except the fees which by the authority of this adt are herein-after authorised to be received for the purposes therein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing herein A&nottoaf-contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to asse.t the rights fed anyofficer-of any officer or minister of the exchequer, other than the said the excfae-auditors of the land revenue, or any person or persons acfiing or appointed by or under them; and also except such variation with ditors and respect to the said rights as may hereast.r be made by authority persons acting of this aft.  under them.

III.  And be it further enacted, That if during the continuance If during the of the patent granted to Wiilia. Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey patent to Cooper esquires, a vacane. (hall happen in the offices of auditor ^ve^#^Cy°^all for Chejler, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, or in the office of the happen in the auditor for the principality of Wales, by the deaths of the said au- office of auditors for the counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, ditorso.Chef-and of the principality of Wales resp.£tively, the duty executed wales^the in each of the said offices (hall be performed by and with the ap- duty (hall be probation, and under the authority and appointment of the lords performed by commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, or any the deputies, three or more of them, by the persons who shall then be the acting ^idations^of deputies in the respective departments, subject to such an ailot. the treasur.. ment of the fees and emoluments of office, and under such other regulations as the said commissioners of the treasury shall think

fit to direct, and the surplus of such fees shall be carried to the consolidated fund.

IV.  And in order more esse.tually to provide, on the abolition of any of the said offices by virtue of this at7, upon the determination of the inter ejl of the said grantees, for the examination of the several accounts heretofore examined\ tried, and audited, in the resp.flive offices of the auditors of the land revenue in England and Wales, with as little

expence as may be confident with the publick.interect, be it further on the deter-enacted, That all and every the accounts heretofore examined, mination of tried, and audited, by or in the offices of the several auditors of the interest of the land revenue of the crown in England and Wales, or in either Srantees*

o  9  tile account*?

of them, shall, from and after the determination of the respective heretofore ex* interests of each of the said grantees respectively, be examined, amined in tried, and audited, by the commissioners for examining and au- their offices diting the publick accounts of the kingdom, appointed under the  bX*the

authority of an a£I of the twenty-fist. year of his present Majesty, commissioners intituled, An act for the better examining and auditing the publick appointed un-

a a 4  accounts  der 25 Geo.j.

*  c. 68.

360 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. [1798.

accounts of the kingdom, who (hall be, and they are hereby inverted with all the fame powers and authorities, for the examining, trying, and auditing the several accounts herein-before mentioned, as are now vested in them by virtue of the said a61 of the twenty-fist. year of his present Majesty, for the examining, trying, and auditing the publick accounts of the kingdom, or as are now vested in the said respect.ive grantees by any law, usage, or custom; and the said comtnisti.ners (hall also be, and they are hereby inverted with all the powers and authorities, and shall be subj.crt to the performane. of the fame duties, and liable to the fame controll., which the auditors of the land revenue are now by law, usage, or custom inverted with, or are subject. and liable to, except as the fame are or shall be asse.rted or varied by this a£h All books, V. And be it further ena£ted, That all official books, papers, See. in the said and accounts whatever, which shall be remaining in either of the offices of the auditors of the land revenue, on the abolition of each respec.ively, or which have been usually or ought to have been kept therein, shall be deemed to be publick property, and shall be delivered over to such person or persons as the commis.i-oners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall order and direct.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That all accounts of the expenditure of publie. money, which have heretofore been parted

(ball, on their in the offices of the auditors of the land revenue in England and abolition, be Wales, or in either of them, shall from and after the abolition of each office resp.£tively, be delivered to the commissioners for auditing and examining the publick accounts, together with the vouchers belonging thereunto.

VII.  And be it further enact.ed, That in cafe any person or Perfons in ex- persons, in the course of their examination upon oath before the amination (aid commissioners for auditing the publick accounts touching the forTthe (aide. accounts hereby put under their care and management, or touching any other publick accounts tried and audited by them, shall wilfully and corruptly declare any matter which (hall be false, such person or persons fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject: and liable to.

V ill. And be it further enabled, That all leases and grants within the said resp.Clive audits, which, from and after the abolition of each of the said offices resp.Cfively, shall be made and granted of any part cr parts of the land revenue of the crown in England and Wales, and all and every alignment and assignments which (hall or may from such periods respectively be made of any lease beemolied.in or grant from the crown, shall be enrolied.and entered in the thC Pk^com °^ce t^ie commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, Uhone.^ame manner and form as they have been used and ac-wh-ch no custom.d to be enrolied.and entered in the respective offices of greater fees the said auditors of the land revenue, for which enrolment and (hall betaken entry no greaier fees shall be taken and received than the coriir fury ftiartap^ miifioners of the treafuiy, or the lord high treasurer for the time point. *  J  being,

offices, on their aboli tion, shall be the property the publick.

All accounts heretofore pa fled in the laid offices

delivered to the commissioners for auditing the pub-lick accounts.

commis.ioners who shall declare any false matter, to be liable to the penalties for perjury.

All leases and grants made after such abolition and a'f gnments thereof, shall.

36t

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83.

being, shall appoint, not exceeding such fees as have been used and accustomed to be taken and received by or in the respective offices of the auditors of the land revenue in England and Wales.

IX- Provided always, That for leases of lands, tenements, or For leases of hereditaments belonging to the crown, no fee whatever shall demanded, taken or received, if the said commissioners of the tak€n }f t^e treasury or lord high treasurer shall fo direct; and that such, but treasury (hall no greater fees {hall betaken and received from and charged fo direct.j and upon the several receivers and accountants, whose accounts are [he^treasur. by this adt directed to be examined, tried, and audited by the fhau ^ppdint said commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, as the said shall be taken commissioners of the treasury or lord high treasurer shall appoint, fromaccount-not exceeding such fees as have been used and accustomed to be fl^Vl be^^id taken and received from and charged upon such receivers and over forthe accountants, by or in the offices of the said auditors of the land use of the revenue, or either of them, which fees shall be received, ac-publick. counted for, and paid over, for the use of the publick in manner herein-after mentioned.

X.  And be it further enabled, That the lord high treasurer, or The treasury commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, shall.

be, and he and they is and are hereby authorised to appoint such  up  ac_

officers, receivers, and clerks, or other persons, as shall appear to counts forde-him or them to be necess.ary from time to time for making up claration, and and preparing for declaration the several accounts by this a<5t di-reste. to be examined, tried, and audited, by the commissioners overse.^with for auditing the publick accounts, and for receiving, accounting salaries, &c. for, and paying over, the fees to be taken and received under the not exceeding authority of this adf, with such fixed salaries to each, as he or they a certain sum. shall judge proper, add also to allow such reasonable sums as to him or them shall seem fit for payment of such salaries, and all other incidental charges, to be incurred in the office for auditing the publick accounts, to be paid out of the consolidated fund, not exceeding in the whole the annual sum.f three thousand and forty pounds, in addition to the sum of fix thousand pounds already directed to be paid fpr the like purposes, as by an a6t, palied.in the twenty-fist. year of his present Majesty, intituled,

Jin a5l for the better auditing and examining the publick accounts of the kingdom, which said salaries and allowane.s shall be to the several officers, clerks, and other persons employ.d. or to be employ.d. in the accounts of the land revenue, in lieu of all fees, gratuities, and perquisites whatever.

XI.  And be it further enacte.. That the receiver or receivers The receiver fo to be appointed for receiving the fees aforesaid, (hall, in books *}iaP keep and to be provided for that purpose, keep or cause to be kept a full, count^ffees true, and particular account of all the fees which shall be taken to the com-and received for the enrolment and entry of all and every lease, missioner. grant, and assignment, fo directed to be enrolied.and entered in 11

the said office, for auditing the publick accounts, and of all and every the fees which shall be taken and received from the several quarterly to receivers and accountants, whose accounts are by this a&theexche-direcied to be examined, tried, and audited, by the said commis. clut:r.>to be fioners for auditing the publick accounts, and of all other ^consol.dated6

monies fund.

 vjOCK^lC

362 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. [1798.

monies to be taken and received for fees under the authority of this aft ; and that such receiver or receivers (hall, every fix months and osten.r if required, deliver to the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts for the time being, a full and particular account veris.ed upon oath before the said commis.fioners for auditing the publick accounts, which oath they the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby au-thorifed and empowered to administer, of all the monies received by him or them under the authority of this aft, and {hall pay the whole money fo to be received as aforesaid, at the end of each quarter, into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, under the direction of the said commissioners; and the fame when fo paid {hall by the proper officer be carried to and made part of the con-solid.ted fund.

The comttiif-hone.s (hall administer to the persons examining any publick acounts an oath for their faiths.l demeanour in performane. of their trust.

Accounts to be veris.ed on oath before a baron or the curiitor baron of the exchequer, or the laid commis.fioners.

Accounts of tl > paymaster general to be veris.ed by the accountant general.

Aft not to de-miuifli the

XII.  And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, or any three or more of them, {hall, and they are hereby authorised to administer to every of the officers and clerks who shall be appointed as before directed, and also to all clerks and other persons acting ministerially under them, in examining any of the publick accounts under the management of the said commissioners, an oath for his or their true and faiths.l demeanor in all things relating to the due perform* ance of the trust: reposed in him or them.

XIII.  And whereas it is expect.ent that the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts Jbould be authorised to adminis.r an oath to all accountants for the expenditure of publick money, in the fatrie manner as such oath is noiv adminijlered by the barons of the coif or curs.tor baron of the exchequer: be it further enacted, That all and every the accounts of the expenditure of publick money, except as herein-after mentioned, which are or shall be delivered into the office of the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts for the purpose of being examined and audited, (hall, previous to such the delivery thereof into the said office, be veris.ed and attested on oath by the several accountants, before one of the barons of the coif or the curs.tor baron of the exchequer, or before the said commissioners of publick accounts, or any three or more of the said commissioners, which oath they the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer.

XIV.  And whereas ii is expect.ent that the accounts of the paymajler general of his Majessy. foroes.Jbould be veris.ed by the accountant general of the pay office, in [lead of the paymajler general of the foroes: be it theres.re further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this aft, all and every the accounts of the paymaster general shall be veris.ed and attested upon oath by the accountant general of the pay office for the time being either before one of the barons of the coif or the curs.tor baron of the court of exchequer, or before the said commissioners for auditing the'publick accounts, or any three or more of the said commissioners, and the paymaster general of his Majesty’s foroes.shall not be required to veris. .and attest such account, but shall be exonerated and ex-cused.theres.om.

XV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-

r*  thing

  1C

179^-3 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 84, 85.  363

thing herein contained {hall in any other respec.t extend, or be responsibility construed to extend, to take away, IefTen, diminish, or alter anyof the pay. of the duties or responsibility of the paymaster general of his er &ene~ Majesty’s foroes, in respect of his office of paymaster general, save and except with respect to the veris.ing and attesting his accounts on oath in manner aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An adt to enable the lords commi/Honers of the treasury to contract with the moll noble Charles duke of Riclimon., for the absolute pure.ase of the property of the said duke, and all others interested in a certain duty of twelve pence per chaldron on coals (hipped in the river Tyne to be consumed in England, and to grant a compensation for the fame, by way of annuity payable out of the consolidated fund.—[July 12, *799‘]

CAP. LXXXV.

An aft to protes. majlers againjl embezzlements by their clerks or seryan...—[July 12, 1799.J

WHEREAS bankers, mereliant.^ and others, are, in the course Preamble.

of their dealings and transa.ti.ns^freque?2tly obliged to entrujl their seryan.s, clerks, and persons employ.d.by them in the like capacity , with receiving, payings negotiating^ exchanging, or transferrings ..moneys goods, bonds, bills y notes, bankers dr aft x, and other valuable esse.tSs and securities: and whereas doubts have been entertained whether the embezzling of the fame by such seryan.s, clerks and othersy fo employ.d.by their majlers, amounts to felony by the laiv ^England, and it is expect.ent that fuck offences Jkould be punished in the fame jnanner in both parts of the united kingdom \ be it enact.ed and declared by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any seryan. or clerk, or any person Seryan.s or employ.d.for the purppfe in the capacity of a seryan. or clerk, to  '"oir

any person or persons whomsoever, or to any body corporate or session an/° " politick, (hall, by virtue of such employment, receive or take money or into his possession any money, goods, bond, bill, note, banker’s other esse.ts draft, or other valuable security, or esse.ts, for or in the name on^their ma£ or on the account of his master or matters, or employer or em- anVfi^udu-” * ployers, and shall fraudulenti. embezzle, seer.te, or make away lenti. embez-with the fame, or any part thereof, every such offender (hall be zling or redeemed to have feloniously stolen the fame from his master or cr£tmg master.s, employer or employers, for whose use or in whose name shaft b^deem-or names, or on whose account the fame was or were delivered ed to have to, or taken into the possession of such seryan., clerk, or other felonious.y person fo employ.d. although such money, goods, bond, bill, 1?°^en note, banker’s draft, or other valuable security, was or were no d ’ otherwise received into the possession of his or their seryan., clerk, or other person fo employ.d.; and every such offender, his and such of-adviser, procurer, aider, or abettor, being thereof laws.lly- com- Abettors

vidled foaJl, on con«*

364

vicVton, be liable to be Iran (ported tor 14 years'.

Preamble. 50 Geo. 3* c. 38.

19 Geo. 3. c, 59.

38 Geo. 3. c. 40.

Licence duties shall be aseer.ained houses, &c. are rated miHer.last.recited ad; and.

Anno regai tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 86. [1798.

vi<5ted or attainted, {hall be liable to be transported to such parts beyond the Teas as his Majeffy, by and with the advice of his privy couneil, thall appoint, for any term not exceeding fourteen years, in the disere.ion of the court before whom such offender shall be convicted or adjudged.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for afartaining the rate of duty to be paid for retail spirit licences; and for authorifmg the justices of the peace for any county to grant licences to fell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in cities and places where a fiifficient number of magistrates cannot be found qualisle. to grant such licences.—[July 12, 1799.J

WHEREAS by an aft^ made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majessy, among other things for repealing the duties upon licences for retailing dijlilied.spirituous liquor 1, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof certain rates of duty are imposed for and in respect of licences to retail dijlilied.spirituous liquors or Jiron. waters, according to the rent at which the dwelling-house.in which the person author fed by any such licence to retail dijlilied.spirituous liquors or Jiron. waters resided or retailed such djlilied.spirituous liquors or Jiron. water's at the time of taking out such licence, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, were rated under the authority of an aft9 made in the nine-teenth year of the reign of his present Majessy, for impost.g duties on inhabited houses: and whereas the rates and duties of the said aft of the nineteenth year of his present Majessy.s reign are repealed by another aft, made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty.$ reign, and other rates and duties are by the said lajl-mentioned aft imposed for or in respect of inhabited houses according to the rents therein fpees.ed^ and it’ is theres.re expect.ent that the said licence duties Jhould hereast.r be aseer.ained by the rents according to which diyelling.houses shall be rated under the authority of the said aft of the thirty-eighth year aforesaid; be it theres.re enacted by the King’s most excelien. majessy, by and with the advice and con-sent.of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this ad, the said licence duties as (hall be aseer.ained according to the rent at which the dwelling house (hall at the time of taking out any such licence be rated under the authority of the said ad of the thirty-eighth year afores.jd; and that in all cases.where the said ad of the thirtieth year afore-said.mentions or refers to any dwelling house, offices, courts, yards, and gardens, as being rated at any rent under the authority of the said ad of the nineteenth year aforesaid, the fame shall be deemed and taken to refer to such dwelling house, offices, courts, yards, and gardens, as being rated at that particular rent under the authority of the said ad of the thirty-eighth year aforesaid ; any thing in the said lass mentioned ad contained to the contrary in anv wife notwithstanding.

II. And

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 86.  365

II.  And whereas many persons, fwce the making of the said aft of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty. reign, have taken out licences to authorise him, her, or them, to retail dijlilied.fpiriluous liquors or strong waters, and paid for such licences the sums of money licences in that belial. specified in the said aft of the thirtieth year afore fa id ;

and it is expect.ent in rejpedl thereof to make such provision as is it, valid, and herein-after mentioned; be it theres.re enacted, That every such the money licence and payment shall be deemed good and valid, and the paid for them, money fo paid shall. be deemed and taken to have been applie.ble the duties ** to the purpose for which the said duties imposed by the said ad imposed by of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty’s reign were by that recited a<5t of afl directed to be applied.  3° Geo. 3.

III.  And whereas by an adl, passed in the sixth year of the reign 6 Geo. 1. of King George the Firjl, intituled, An ad for preventing frauds0, aI* and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs, damp duties, poll: office, and house money, it is enacted, That all and

every person or persons whatsoever, who shall have in his or her cujlody any brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, exceeding the quantity of fxty-three galions, shall be deemed and taken to be a selle. of and dealer in brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, and subject to the survey of the excise : and whereas by an adl, passed in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of King George the Second, inti- 16 Geo. tuled. An ad for the more esse.tually preventing the fraudulente. *3-removal of tobacco by land or water, and for the ease of the fair trader in tobacco; and for aseer.aining the rates payable for the postage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the sale of spirituous liquors by retail, it is enacted. That no justice of the peace, being a common brnver of ale or beer, innkeeper, or dish.ler, or other selle. of or dealer in ale, or any kind of spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades or bufmesses, or being a vidiualler or maltfler, shall, during such time as he shall be such common brewer, innkeeper, dish.ler, vidiualler, or maltfler, or selle. of or dealer in ale, or other spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades or bufmesses, be capable of or have . any power to grant any licence or licences to any p erf on or peifons for felling ale, beer, or any other liquors by retail: and whereas in divers corporate cities, towns, and places, wherein foreign spirituous liquors are imported into this kingdom, certain persons exercifmg corporate offices, and no others, can grant licences for felling ale or beer, or any other liquors by retail therein, and it may happen that fo many of the justices or magistrates thereof may be disqualisle. from granting such licences by force of the said recited abfs, or that a sufficient number of persons exercifmg such corporate offices for the time being may not be qualisle. to adl therein according to the said adl, which may be product.ve of great ineon.enience, and may be injurious to the publick revenue; for remedy whereof, be, it further enacted. That, from In any place and after the passing of this ad, in cafe it (hall happen that in where the any city, town, or place, any of the corporate justices or ma-gistrate. thereof for the time being, shall not be capable of ad- by the two ing in granting such licences as aforesaid, by reason that any such last recited justice or magistrate, or justices or magistrates therein, is or are rf1s,d*/clua~

aselle. licences for11

retailing liquors, the just ices for the county at large may grant them at the request of the chies.magis.rate.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 87. [1798

a selle. or selle.s of, or a dealer or dealers in, any foreign spirits, then and in every such cafe it shal. be laws.l for any 'juffice or justices of the peace, acct.ng in and for the county aflarge, wftMii which such city, town, or place, shall be situate or next adjoining thereto, at the request in writing'of the chies.magistrate of any such city, town, or place, to a61 as a justice of justices, magistrate or magistrates, within such city, town, or pi dee, for the purpose of granting licences to fell ale, beer, or other liquors by retail in such corporate city, town, or place, instead of the justice or justices, or magistrate or magistrates thereof disqualisle. as aforesaid; any a<5t or a6ts, or any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such justices, fd’required to act as aforesaid, shall b£ entitled to exerCife the powers and jurisdictions of a magistrate within such city, town, or place, fdr the purpose of granting such licences as aforesaid, and in all things relating thereto, and shall be deemed and taken to be a magistrate of such city, town, or place, for the purposes afote-said; but that such justice or justices shall not have any authority, power, or jurisdiction, in such city, town, or place, by virtue of this a6t, other than and for the purposes herein-before mentioned.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for enabling his Majessy, to prohibit the exportation9 and per-mit the importation, of corn9 and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision. without payment of duty, to continue in force until fix weeks from the commencement of the next session of parhame.t.—[July 12, 1799.]

Preamble.

His Majessy, in couneil, may prohibit the exportation of British or foreign wheat, Sec, or permit the importation of foreign corn, &c. in . British vefiels, or in any other vessels belonging to persons of any country in amity with

WHEREAS it is expect.ent that a power Jhould be vefied in his Majessy.to prohibit, with the advice of hid privy couneil, the exportation of all or any fort of coni or grain from the ports' of this kingdom, if circumfane.s Jhould fo require, arid'to permit the importation of all or any fort of foreign corn 'or grain, if circumf ances should in like manner fo require: be it enacted by'the King^s most excelien. majessy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pasting of this a6t, and until the expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, it shall and may be laws.l for his Majessy, his heirs and fuccef-fors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, with the advice of his or their privy couneil, whatever may be the general average prie. of any of the said forts of corn or of oatmeal in England or ScotlandI respectively, from time to time, when and as osten.as the fame shall be judged expect.ent, to prohibit generally, fof a limited time, the exportation from England and Scotland respectively, of any Britifl) or foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, pease, beans, oats, or any meal or flour, or bread, bise.it, or malt, made thereof, or any Indiancorn, or maize, or meal, or flour, made thereof; and to permit generally the importation 

179^1 Anno regnitricesimo.nono Georgii III* c. 87.  367

portation into England or Scotland respectively, of any foreign his Majesty, corn or other ^articles as aforesaid, in any British ship or veste.,  ™

or in any other ftiip or vessel, belonging to persons of any ^ouse.fores.n. dom or state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any corn, See. to manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatsoever; be taken out and.also.the taking out of warehouse, for home consumption, of^or ll0,.T,e con~ any such foreign corn, or other articles as aforesaid, without pay- ^ 1 ment of .any duty whatsoever, and in like manner to recal such prohibition or permission, either in part or in the whole, if cir~ cumstane.s./hall appear fo to require, any thing in any aft, or part of any act to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any per- If any person ion ftiall export, or shall load or lay on board any ship or other ^a!lexP°rt vessel, with intent to export, or if any person shall import any con\T^ry to corn or other articles as aforesaid, contrary to such prohibition such prohibit, or permission of his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy tion or per-couneil, the person fo exporting, or loacting.or laying on board with intent to export, or the person fo importing the fame, (hall^ the penal-be liable and subject to the like fors.itures and penalties ; and ties, and the the said corn or other articles and the ship or vessel in which,thee.rn, &c.fu;h-, lame (hall be exported or loacted.or laid on board, or in which the fame shall be imported, shall be subject and liable to the like [mposed.b3y fors.itures, and in like manner to be sued .for, prosecuted, re- 3, Geo 3m covered, and disposed, as if the said corn or other articles werec. 30; and exported,.or loacted.or laid on board, or imported, contrary to33 Geo. 3. the provisions of two a£ts, the one, passed in the thirty-firs. yeare. 6s% of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a51 for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn ex-ported; the other, passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An a5l to amend an a5f, made in the, thirty-firs. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An a5l for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment > of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn^ rohib exported:’ provided always. That the power hereby granted to the exporta-his Majesty, his heirs and fiiccess.rs, with the advice of his or tion of corn, their privy couneil, to prohibit the exportation from this king-&c- shall riot dom of any fort of corn, or other articles as aforesaid,. shall not Rancor/0* * extend, or be construed to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or ^ ware_/ flour, that shall have been imported and warehous.d in the man- bouse. on the ner and on the conditions mentioned in the before-mentioned conditions of a& of the thirty-firs. year of his present MajestyV reign, and 31 Geo shall not b^ve been taken out of luch warehouse for home con- fo/home" sump.iom  consumption,  *

II.  Provided also, and be lt further enabled. That in every His Majesty; such cafe it ftiall and may be laws.l for his Majesty,,his; heirsh* couneil, and successors, with the advice of his or their privy couneil, to permit the carrying coastwise, or carrying out, or the exportation ioast.Jif^or of the federal forts of corn, or other articles as aforesaid, for all exportation or any of the purposes mentioned in the said two acts. passed in of the several tfie thirty-firs. and thirty-third years of his present Majesty’s reign, or either of them, in like manner and in the fame propor-purp0fesmen.

tions tioned in the

368 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 87. [1798.

laid two a<fts tions and quantities, and from and to the fame ports and place.s

thereb^when as *s a^owe(^ by the ^a*lc^ two a&s> or eit^er of them, at such such articles tinies as any of the several forts of corn or other articles as afore-are prohibited said are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like securities, to be export- conditions, regulations, and restrictions, fors.itures, and penal-ec**  ties, as are by the said two a£ls, or by either of them, in any

such.cafe required and imposed.

His Majesty, HI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paf-maC°Uermit  ^is a<^> an(^ unt^ *be expiration of fix weeks from the

the importa- commencement of the next session of parhame.t, it {hall and tion from any may be laws.l for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he place in any ancj they is ancj are hereby authorised, with the advice of his or or any vesse. their Pr*vY couneil, from time to time, when and as osten.as the belonging to fame (hall be judged expect.ent, to permit generally, for a limited persons of any time, the importation into Great Britain, from any port or ltate in amity place whatever, in any Britifb (hip or velfel, or in any other ship.

with hie Mo. r  rriii  •  r  c r  i- ,  n 7 . .  <r

or vellel belonging to persons or any kingdom or ltate in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, any beans, calied.Kidney or Frene. Beans, tares, lentiles, callivane.s, and all other forts of pulse, and also bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, sheep, lambs, and swine, beef, pork,v mutton, veal, and lamb, whether salted or otherwise, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, fa*go, sago powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, without the payment of any duty whatever, at all times before the said expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next fef-fion of parhame.t j and in like manner to recall such permission, either in part or in whole, if circumstane.s (hall seem fo to require ; any thing in any a6l or a6ts of parhame.t to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Such articles  Provided always, and be it further enacted. That a due

with the.ffi- entrY shall be made of all such beans calied.Kidney or Frene. Beans, tares, lentiles, callivane.s, and all other forts of pulse, and of such bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, sheep, lambs, and swine, beef and pork, veal, mutton and lamb, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this a6l, or any order in couneil.made under the authority thereof, with the proper officers of the customs at the port into which the fame {hall be imported ; and in desau.t thereof the fame shall be fors.ited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty’s custom.. Recovery and y. And be it further enabled, That all penalties and fors.i-penaltfe9°n °ftures created and incurred by this a6f, (and not herein otherwise P * specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered), {hall and may, be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means and methods, as any penalties incurred on any goods, ships, or vessels, fors.ited for any offence against the laws of customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers coneer.ed in seizures or prosecutions under this a<5t, (hall be entitled

cer of the customs at the port of importation, on pain of fors.iture.

jelty, of certain articles duty free.

 CjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii Ilf. c. 88.  369

titled to and receive such {hare of the produce arising from the seizures, as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecution of seizures for unlaws.l importation, and to such (hare of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this aft, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That copies of such orders as Copies of or-shall.be made by his Majesty in couneil, for any of the purposes ders m. conn-mentioned in this aft, if made when parhame.t is fitting, shall be laid before both houses of parhame.t, within three days after hame.t/ the fame (hall have issued; and if made when parhame.t is not fitting, then within fourteen days after the meeting of the next fefiion of parhame.t.

CAP. LXXXV1II.

An act for erecting the county of Ed inburgh into a separate dijlrift, for the purpose of regulating the importation and exportation of corn.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS hy an aft, made in the thirty-fitjl year of the Preamble.

reign of his present Majesty, intituled.\ An act for regu- 31 Geo. 3, lating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment c. 30. of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britijh corn exported; it wasy among other things, enacted, That, for better aseer.aining the prie.s of corn and oatmeal for t hr purposes in the fiaid aft mentioned., the several maritime counties of that part of Great Britain calied.England, and afo the fever al counties of that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, fkould be divided into dijlrifts; and that the counties of Fife, Kinross, Clackmannan,

Stirling, Linlithlow, Edinburgh, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, Jhould be the thirteenth dijlrift • and, hy the said aft, corn was permitted to be carried coash.ise, in the tnanner and under the regulations by the said aft prese.ibed: and whereas another aft ivas made in the thirty-third year of the reign 33 Ceo. 3. of his present Majesty, for amending the said aft: and whereas it is c* ^5* found expect.ent that the county of Edinburgh Jhould be disjoined from the aforesaid thirteenth dijlrift, and be erected into a dijlrift by itself: be it theres.re enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the The county aforesaid aft made in the thirty-firs. year of his Majesty’s reign, Edinburgh as unites the county of Edinburgh with the other counties j.ated fromthe above mentioned, forming the thirteenth district, shall be, and the other conn-fame is hereby repealed ; and the aforesaid counties of Fife, Kin- ties forming ross, Clackmannan, Stirling, Linlithlow, Haddington, Berwick, Rox- the 13th dit-burgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, (hall be and continue the thirteenth ^cited district, subject to the fame rules and regulations.to which they a.^ were subject and liable before th<? pafiing of this aft.

Vol. XLIL  B  b  IL  And

37° Anno regnl tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 89. [1798.

lt enacted, That the said county of Edinburgh iVfd? w\l the  ^or  pnrposes.of the said afts, be, and be deemed to be,

17th*; and the seventeenth district, and a district by itself; and that the the monthly monthly prie.s to be aseer.ained within the city of Edinburgh^ prie.s of and returned by his Majesty’s sheris. depute in the way and within Edin- manner prese.ibed by the aforesaid afts, shall regulate the im-burgh, shall portation and exportation of ail kinds of corn, meal, and flour, regulate the with the duties and bounties thereon, and the carrying the fame importation coastwise to and from the port of Leith, and creeks belonging lion TrU~ t^leret0 f a°d that ah the rules and regulations contained in the aforesaid afts relative thereto, and to warehousing, and taking the fame out of warehouses, shall be applie.ble to the said seventeenth district, as fully and esse.tually, to all intents and pur-poses, as if it had been constituted a district by the first recited* a ft.

Jonnmum* III. And be it enacted, That this aft (hall continue and be in force until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. LXXXTX.

An aEl for regulating the mariner in which the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, shall hire and take up ships for their regular Jervice.—[July 12, 1799.]

Preamble.

TheEast.India company {hall employ in their service no (hips but file. as shall be contracted for, for fix voyages, and shall adyer.ise for proposals, and accept the lowest terms.

WHEREAS it is expect.ent that the manner in which the ships hired and taken up for the service of the united company of mer~ chants ^England tracting.to the East Indies, fiould be regulated as hereinafter mentioned; be it theres.re enacted by the King's most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this aft, the said united company, or their court of directors, (hall employ in their regular service no ships but such as shall be contracted for to serve the said company, as they shall have occaiion to employ them in trade and wars.re, or any other service, for fix voyages to and from India or China, or elsewhere within the limits of the said united company's exelusive.trade; and that, from time to time, whenever the said united company (hall have occasion to cause any (hip or ships to be built for their service, the court of directors of the said united company shall give notice thereof by publick adyer.ilement, and therein ft ate the burthen of the ship or ships wanted, the dimensions or scantlings of timbers and planks, number of guns, manner of building, providing, furnishing, and storing such ships, the time to be allowed for building, (which shall be as long as reasonably may be), and other particulars ne-cefTary to enable persons to judge of the expences thereof, and the proper rate of freight for such {hips respectively, or shall refer to and give information of all such particulars by their proper officer; and the said adyer.isement shall fix a time (not iefs than four weeks from the publication thereof) for receiving

*  pro*

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono GeorgiiIII. c. 89.  371

proposa.s in writing, sealed up, for building and freighting the fame to the company, such proposals to specify the lowed rates of freight, or, if the company fsea.. require it, of freight and de-morage in time of peace, required for such (hips for fix voyages to and from India or China, or elsewhere within the limits of the company’s exelusive.trade, to be employ.d.in trade and in wars.re, or otherwise, as shall be thought proper by the company, if the said (hips respectively (hall fo long be fit for the company’s service; and that all the tenders or proposals which (hall be made in porfuance of such notices, (hall be put into a ^ox locked.and sealed, which shall not be opened, except publickiy in a court of direct.rs, and the contents of such proposals respectively shall be entered in a book, and the proposals offering the lowed peace freight, or peace freight and demorage, as the cafe may be, shall be accepted without fayour.or partiality ; and in cafe more ships than shall be wanted shall be tendered to be built at the fame low freight, then the court of direct.rs shall determine which of the said proposal or proposals shall be accepted.

II.  And be it further enabled, That over and besides the The court of

peace freight and demorage herein-before mentioned, the courtdirectors may of directors shall be at liberty to make such agreements with the^^sa^^“ owners of the said ships, either from voyage to voyage, or for the ship own-the whole term of the said ships being engaged in the (aid com-ers for aseer.pany’s service, for the aseer.aining and payment of the additional taining addi-charges arising to the said owners in time of war and hofiilities,  0£rgcs

or preparations for war and hostilities, as the said court of di- war, or pre-recto.s shall think right and just.  parationtor it.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That it shall The directors be laws.l for the said court of directors, if they shall fee fit, to mayenterinto adyer.ise for and receive proposals, and enter into agreements, agreements for ships to be built for the service of the said company for fix ^ates^r™ament voyages, at permanent rates of freight and demorage for time of freight and peace, and also at established rates of additional freight and de- demorage for morage to be paid during the present war, and that in thSt cafet,x^e®

they shall be at liberty, and are hereby required to accept such additional proposals as, both circumstane.s being considered, shall appear rates during upon the whole to be the lowest and most for the advantage of the the present said united company, without fayour.or partiality, and to enter war# into permanent agreements accordingly; and in cafe two or more proposals shall offer terms equally advantageous, the said court of directors shall determine which of them shall be accepted.

IV.  Provided also, and be it further enabled. That nothing Aft not to herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, t0 reft or,/to ac " oblige the said court of direct.rs to accept or enter into any cept°unrfori* agreement, or any proposal or proposals which they, or the ma- able proposals, jor part of them, (hall deem to be unreasonable, although such although the proposal or proposals may be the lowest and the most advantar lowe*t# geous which may be offered.

V.  Provided also, and be it further enacted. That in cafe a

any regular ftiip which, since the twentieth day of March oneOT captured

3b 2  thousand  before the

372  Anno  regni  tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. 89. [1798.

h°mfist.<,n °^°usand.^even hundred and ninety-fix, hath been engaged in voyage, the l^e reSu^ar service of the said united company* or which now is, dire dors mayo.* hereast.r shall be* engaged in the said service for fix voyages* agree with the hath been* or (hall be, loft or captured before the completion owners to Gf her fist. voyage, if upon a full investigation of the circum-upon certain* ^ances  l°fs by *he court of directors, or some corn-

conditions* mittee thereof* the commander and owners of such ship shall be fully aequi.ted from all imputation of negleet.or misconduct in respect. of such loss, in the opinion of eighteen directors at lead at a court specially assembled for the purpose of taking the said commander’s and the owners conduCt into confederation; and provided always. That such vote or resolution of the court of directors shall be reported to a general court of proprietors, ancr shall after such report be confirmed by way of bailot.by three parts in four of the proprietors astem.led in general court fpe-cialiy convened for that purpose, whereof eight days previous notice of the time and purpose of such meeting shal. be given in the London Gazette; and if such commander shall be then living* or if he should have loft his life, or have been absolutely disabled from further service on the occasion which produced the loss of the said ship, and the chies.officer of the said ship should have exerted himself honourably for her defence and safety, either in sigh. or distress at lea* and shall be aequi.ted in manner herein-before mentioned, from all imputation of negleet.or misconduct in resp.Cf of such loss, and such aequi.tal (hall also be confirmed in manner herein-before mentioned, then it (hall and mav be laws.l for the court of directors to agree with the owners of such ship fo loft to build another ship, for the service of the said company, to be employ.d.by them at the fame freight and demorage, and upon the fame terms for and on which such loft ship was originally taken up for the number of voyages which such loft ship had not completed of the number of voy-. ages originally contracted for, fo as the owners shall agree that, at the expiration of the remaining voyage or voyages, such new ship (hall continue in the service of the said united company until she shall have performed fix voyages, which subsequent voyages (hall severally be performed at the lowed rate of freight and demorage, either in peace or war, which (hall be payable in respect of the ship of a similar description as to the equipment contracted for last, before the said ship shall proceed upon each of the said subsequent voyages: provided always, That such ship fo rebuilt shall be commanded in the first instane. by the captain of the former (hip* if he be able to serve, and failing of him by the said chies.officer of the former snip, if he be able to serve.

VI.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be laws.l for the court of directors of the said united company, or their seryan.s abroad, in cases.of unforeseen exigene., to hire (hips for any particular service; and in cases.of (hips fo hired, publick notice shall be given by adyer.isement of the (hips or tonnage wanted, and the service required, fourteen days at least previous to the time appointed for taking up the

fame;

In cases.of exigene., thips may be hived for any particular /errice.

373

1798.] AnnoregnitricefiniononoGEORGii IIL c. 90.

fame; and the proposals to be made in pursuance of such adyer.tifements (hall be put into a box locked.and sealed, which /hall not be opened, except publickly in a court of directors, or by the governor and couneil, where the contra# shall be made in any of the company’s settlements in India, and then the lowest tender or tenders shall be accepted, without fayour.or partiality, if it shall be deemed reasonable, and if upon a due examination and survey the ship or ships tendered shall appear to be in all respects fit for the service required.

VII.  Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall A# not to

extend, or be construed to extend, in any ways to relate to ^TSp^ketsw or velleis.hired,or taken up or employ.d.as pacquets, or any ofve(pe]sem_ the (hips or vefTels belonging to or employ.d.in the marine war ploy.d.in the estab.iffiment of the said united company in the East Indies-, but marine dta-it shall and may be laws.l for the said united company, and their  iil

court of directors and seryan.s abroad, to hire, take up, and employ vefTels for those purposes only, in such manner as they shall.

fee fit.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That all and every, and fo Bye laws of much and such part of the bye laws, rules, and regulations of the company, said united company, and of their court of directors, now in to this^^to11* force, and hereast.r to be made, any ways relating to the ship.remain in ping coneer.s of the said company, and to the commanders and force, officers in their service, which are not, or shall not be ineon.

fisse.t with or repugnant to the provisions hereby enacted, shall remain and be of the fame validity, force, and esse.t., and shall be observed in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as the fame bye laws, rules, and regulations, or such parts thereof as aforesaid, would have been in force, and ought to have been observed if this adf had not been made; or to restrain the said company from repealing or making any bye laws, fo as they shall pothe ineon.istent with the provilions herein contained; this adt or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anvwife notwithstanding.

CAP. XC.

An all to amend two acts, passed in the twenty-fix th and thirtyfe^ venth years of the reign of his prejent Majessy, jo far as the fame relate to the militia of the counties of Middle sex and Surrey; and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks ta the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, and other per-Jons, towards the completing of the said militia.—[July 12, 1799-1

WHEREAS it is expect.ent that the several alls passed in the Preamble* twenty- sixth and thirty seventh years of the reign of his pre-sent.Mctjejly, respecting the militia of this kingdom, Jhould he amend-Ad, fo far as relate to the fever al particulars herein-after mentioned, fo far as relate to the county of    Middlesexand the county ^/Surrey;

£ b ?  arid

S74  Annovregni tricesimo nono Georgii TIL c. 90. [1798.

and that certain [urns of money novu remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, Jhould be applied to the completing the militia of the said county: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority The const.- of the fame, That the several constables, tythingmen, headbo-bles, &c. in roughs, and other officers, in the several parishes within the MWdlesex.nd county Middlesex, and within the county of Surrey, required quired to re- t0 return lifts of persons liable to serve in the militia, {hall, within turn lifts of fourteen days after any such returns (hall be required, after the persons liable passing of this a£f, give or leave notice to or for every occupier militia6to ^ ev€ry dwelling house where any person shall reside, within the give notice to  °f  places  for  which  they ac5f as such constables or other

housekeepers, officers as aforesaid, at his or her dwelling house, or where such &c. to prepare dwelling house (hall be divided into different (lories or apart-

lifts of men ments and occupied dist.nCUy by several persons, then to or for rending with .  . r r  n  Jn  J  r  .

them between "le occupier of each diixinct Itory or apartment, to prepare or

18 and 4? years old.

produce, within fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, a lift in writing, to the bed of his or her belief, of the christian and surname of each and every man resident in such dwelling house, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five 5 and every such occupier lhall, after such notice fo given or left, make out such lift, and sign the fame with his or her own name, and {ball deliver the fame, or cause the fame to be delivered, to such constable or other officer as aforesaid; and if any such occupier (hall negleet.or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such lift as aforesaid, within the time herein-before limited, or (hall omit any person who ought to have been ineluded.therein, in purs.-fon who ought a nee of this aeft, every such occupier shall, for every such of-to be ineluded. fence> fors.it and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner as by the said a<5I of the twenty-sixth.year of his present Majesty, any penalties are di rc&ed to be recovered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in every cafe where any notice shall he served upon any occupier, being one of the people calied.Quakers, such occupier shall, within (even days after the service of such notice, produce to the con-stable.or other officer, a certifie.te under the hands of two or more reputable housekeepers, being of the people calied.Quakers, acknowledging such man to be one of their persuasion, according to the directions contained in the said a 61 of the twenty-sixth.year of his present Majesty, and that in all such cases.the constables or other officers are hereby required to make returns of the persons resident in the houses, stories, or apartments of such occupiers, fo certified to be of the people calied.Quakers, liable to serve in the militia for the said counties, in the fame manner as is directed by the said adls of the twenty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his present Majesty,

III.  And

Penalty of 5I. for not delivering such lifts, or omitting any per-

Quakers, to produce a certifie.te from two Quakers, acknowledging them to be of their perfua-lion.

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 90.  375

III.  And be it further enacted, That if any person sworn and Subftitutes enrolied.to serve as a substitute in the said militia, and whp shal. raiment have left in the hands of the clerk to the deputy lieutenants any within one * sum or sums of money, to be paid to such substitute upon his month after joining the regiment, battalion, or corps, for which he shall order, shall have been enrolied, (hall not join the regiment or battalion for

which he shall have been fvvorn and enrolied, according to such them with the order as shall have been given him in that respect, in pursuance clerk of the of any law now in force respecting the militia, within one month deputy lieu-after the time appointed by such order, that then, and in every tenants, such cafe, such substitute shall fors.it every such sum or sums of money, and such sum and sums of money shall be disposed of and applied in manner herein-after directed.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the If a person palling of this a61, if any person chosen by bailot.to serve in the chost. by bal-militia shall produce a substitute, who being duly sworn and en- ^

rolied.to serve in the militia, shall nevertheless desert before he tute, who shall shall have joined the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia for desert before which he shall have been sworn and enrolied.as a substitute as jif j°lns’ aforesaid, that then, and in every such cafe, the person pro-ducing such substitute shall remain liable to serve, and shall be serve unjess.he compeliable.and compelied.to serve in the militia for which he produce a was fo bailot.ed as aforesaid, as if such substitute had not been iubftitute who sworn and enrolied, unless he shall forthwith produce another Joms* substitute who (hall regulari. join the said regiment.

V.  Provided always, That in every cafe where any person Where a per*

who {hall be liable to find a substitute for the said militia, shall Ion liable to pay to the clerk to the deputy lieutenants acting within the said  ^

county of AIiddksex. and the said county of Surrey respectively, a^um rmt ex^. a sum not exceeding the sum of ten guineas, which such deputy ceeding ten lieutenants shall adjudge to be, as near as may be, the current guineas, he prie. then paid for a volunteer, to be disposed of and applied in

manner herein-after mentioned, that then, and in every such Service, and cafe, such person shall be exempt from lervice in the said militia, be entitled to in the fame manner as if he himself had served, according to the fame al-the directions of the ads passed in the twenty-lixth and thirty-  ^ ^

seven.h years of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be vkled a^'uol entitled to the fame allowane. as he would have been by law en- ftitute. titled to, in cafe he had himself provided a fit person to serve as his fubljitute in the said militia.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That the clerk to the said de- The clerk to

puty lieutenants shal. within one month after the pa fling of this 'he deputy a.  A  .1  r  q:  ,*  1  c  i-  lieutenants to

act, pay over to the commanding officers of the relpedive re- OVtrr to

giments or battalions, all sum and sums of money received by commanding him before the palling of this ad, for and on account of, or officers nil from or for any substitute or substitutes for the said militia, and  t'e"l  ‘a

Avail also from time to time pay over to the said commanding celve' 'ft officers, within fourteen days after he shall receive the fame, all such fqm and sums of money as he shall from time to time hereast.r receive as aforesaid, from the persons bailot.ed to serve in the said militia.

Bb 4  VJL  And

376

Commanding officers (hall apply the money in railing volunteers, and transmit to the general meetings of lieutenancy, a return of men enlisted, and an account of the” money expended.

Any person ierving in the militia may beat up for volunteers.

Anno tegni tricesimo nono Georgii 111. c. 90. [1798.

VII. And be further enabled, That the respective commanding officers of the said militia (hall, immediately after the receipt of any such sum or sums of money, forthwith proceed to the enlisting of volunteers for the supplying the vacane.es in the said militia, existing at the time of the passing of this a£I, and that may hereast.r arise therein, and (hall apply all such sums of money fo transmitted to him as aforesaid in the raising such volunteers, and from time to time, once at least in every month after the passing of this a6I, transmit or cause to be transmitted to the general meetings of lieutenancy for the said county, accurate returns in writing of the respective numbers of esse.t.ive private men that (hall have been enlisted and entered into the said militia, specifying in every such return the christian and surname, and description of the person fo enlisted as aforesaid, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted therewith, an accurate account of all sums of money expended in raising such volunteers, together with the balance remaining in his hands from time to time for that purpose.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That it (hall be laws.l for any officer, serjeant, or other person, serving for the time being in the laid militia, being thereunto authorised by the commanding officer for the time being, to beat up for and enlist volunteers to serve in the said militia, for the supplying all such vacane.es as may be, at the time of passing this a<5f, in the said militia, or at any time afterwards shall arise therein.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants astem.led at the general meetings of lieutenancy, next after the

General meetings,

of ret uni s^ to rece‘Pt °f any such returns as aforesaid, shall make an apportionment of the men fo enlisted as aforesaid, according to the number of men fo enlisted, and the vacane.es in the respect.ive pa-rishe. to be thereby supplied, and also as near as may be, according to the several and respective amounts of the respect.ive sums that {hall have been paid into the hands of the commanding officers by such clerk to the deputy lieutenants, in the manner and for the purpose aforesaid ; and all vacane.es afterwards arifmg therein (hall be filied.up, and all bailot. for any men to serve in such militia (hall henceforth be regulated according to luch apportionment fo made as aforesaid, in like manner as is provided by any a61 or adfs now in force for the raising, providing, 2nd recruiting (uch militia, in like manner as if the men fo enlisted and apportioned as aforesaid, had been supplied by bailot.according to the said a6ts; and the families of riffies to which z\\ persons enlisted by virtue of this act, and serving in the said apportioned. m]ptia, shall be entitled to the fame allowane.s from the re-spec.ive parishes to which they shall be apportioned, as by any act of parhame.t relative to the militia are provided for the families of militia men calied.out into actual service.

All a<fls re- X. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, htmg to the rules, regulations, penalties, fors.itures, bounties, allowane.s, tend to^hiss. clauses, matters, and things contained in the aforesaid a6is of the aft.  twenty-

make an apportionment of the men enlisted, and all vacane.es afterwards to be filied.up, and bailot. regulated according thereto ; and the families of persons en-listed, to be entitled to allowane. from the pa-

371

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 91.

twenty-sixth.and thirty-seven.h years of his Majesty’s reign, or in any other a£t of parhame.t relative to the raising, training, embodying, and calling out of the militia, or providing for the families of militia men calied.out, or in any a61 to be palied.in this session of parhame.t relative to the paying, cloathing, or subsisting the militia, (hall be applied, practised, and put in execution, with respect to the militia directed to be raised by this ad, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provi-fions, rules, regulations, penalties, fors.itures, bounties, allowane.s, clauses, matters, and things, were again repeated and enacted in this ad, fo far as the fame are applie.ble to the pro-visions.of this ad, and are not repugnant to or altered by the express provisions of this ad.

CAP. XCI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.—[July 12, 1799.]

703,5411. 13s. 4cl. to be raised by a lottery, to consist of 55,000 tickets at 12I 15s. iod. each. All persons who have made deposits of il. 5s. lod. for each ticket, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at the times following, viz. il. 10s. by August.13, 1799,—d. by Sept. 27,—2b by Nov. 8,—3I. by Dec. 13,—and the remaining 3I. by Jan. 21, 1800, and the contributors for each 12b 15s. iod. advaneed, shall be entitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay contributions before Dec. 12, to be allowed discount at 3I. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at ial. 15s. iod. each. Cafhier to give fecuvity to the satisfaction of the commis.ioners of the treasury ; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commifiioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cash.er. 500,000!. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasur.. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the calibers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Caline.s to return the books, with the undilpoled tickets, with an account of money received and paid in. Undispos.d tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolied.up, and fattened with thread or Aik; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked.up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 55,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. One prize of 30;oool.—two of 20,000b—three of io,oool.—four of 5,oool.—five of 2,0001.—ten of i,oool —ten of 500I —twenty-fix of iool.—fist.-four of 5cl.—iixteen thousand fix hundred and fist. of 181.— 20,000b to the owner of the fir It drawn ticket on the twentieth day.—• and 30,000b to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the twenty-lixth day. Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolied.up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Scc. Publick.notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on March 3, 1800. Method to be observed in drawing, Sec. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Anns to be printed, Difputes.to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets. Offenders (not in prison. dise.vering persons guilty, to receive a pardon and 50b reward. Managers to be sworn. Caihier.may receive the Aims subs.ribed, giving a note for the fame, which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 12b 15s. iod. paid. After August.13, 1709, the cash.er may deliver tickets not exceeding in value one half of the Turn actually fubicribed; and shall give receipts for the reiki tie ci luch sums after deducting

CO

78 Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c, 92. [1798.

duCting the value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributors not making' good their payments within the times limited, fors.it their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, Sec. Commifiioners of the treasury may reward the managers, &c. as they {hall think fit. The 500,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this fefiion ; and {hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on August.i, 1800, &c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certifie.tes. Certificates to be numbered. Sec. and signed, &c. Commifiioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this a Ct. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of 20I. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employ.d.as a clerk by the managers, or li-cens.d fo to do. Perfons fo licensed to receive from the stamp office numerical books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commifiioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery offices. Penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint, the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the actual commilfion of such offence may be apprehended by any person and carried before a ma-giltrate, who may commit the offender if penalty be not paid. Applie.tion of penalties. 50I. penalty on persons summoned as witnestes, not appearing, Sec. Commifiioners {ball not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able to anfvver the penalty required by law, and he {hall have deposited a certain number of tickets, See, Perions :o whom licences are granted, to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the commis.ioners may give up bonds, or put them in fuit. Licences of persons negleet.ng to deposit or divide into shares fist. tickets to be void ; and the desau.ters to be published in the Gazette, &c. In cases.where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in such cases.licences granted after the commencement of this act {hall be void for offences against this act or 27 Geo. 3, c. 1. Licences may be refused to persons convicted. 20I. penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words Licensed, See A after the expiration of their licences, See. Executors, Sec. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and fist.enths, on penalty of 50I. Perfons counters.iting fihares, Sec. guilty of felony. Perfons preparing, or having in their cuitody any register or lift of tickets* but as in this act particularised, or keeping any place for examining tickets by any other than such lift, Sec. to fors.it 50I. On complaint on oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punislimen. as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open houses, Sit. Perfons dise.vered in such houses coneer.ed in carrying on illegal transa.t.ons to be punished as rogues, and may be arrested, Sec. Perfons employ.ng.or aiding others to carry on such illegal transa.t.ons to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which act.ons for penalties shall be commeneed. Where the amount of penalties fined for is not inst.ted in writs, the defendant to be served with a copy of the process, Sec. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removeable.by certiorari. General issue. Treble cost..

CAP. XCII.

An act for altering the period of making up the annual account of the duties onJl amp ed vellum, parclime.t, and paper.—[July 13, 1799- J

Preamble.  /HEREAS by an aft, made in the firjl year of the reign of

1 Ann nr, c. 22.- ** Queen Anne, intituled. An act for preventing frauds in her Majesty’s duties upon stain.ea vellum, parclime.t, and paper, it

is

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 93.  379

is dir eft ed, that the annual account of the fi amp duties shall he made

up on the firjl day tf/August.in every year: and whereas it is expect.ent

that the said account fbould be made be made up at a period correspond.

ing with other accounts of the publick revenue; be it theres.re ena6f>

ed by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lord’s spiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the

fame. That, from and after the tenth day of Augufl one thousand The annual

seven.hundred and ninety-nine, the account of the said duties the^am^u

{hall be made up annually on the fist. day of January in every ties to be made

year, or at such other period as the lords commiHioners of his up on Jan. 5,

Majest.’s treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord yearly, or at

high treasurer for the time being, shall direct and appoint; any

thing in the said acf contained to the contrary thereof in any wife treasury shall.

notwithstanding.  direts.

C A P. XCIIL

An aft to repeal fo much of an aft, pajfed in the seventh year of the reign of Queen Anne, and a Jo fo much of an oft pajfed in the fe~ venteenth year of the reign of his late maiefly King George the Second, as puts an end to the fors.iture of inheritances upon at-tainder of treajon, after the death of the pretender and his Jons.— [July 12, 1799.]

Wr HE RE AS an aft was pajfed in the seventh year of the reign Preamble.

of her late maiefly Queen Anne, intituled, An a61 for im- 7 Annas c. 21, proving the union of the two kingdoms; whereby, amongjl other a°d things, it was provided and enacted, That after the decease of theperson.who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James, and since pretends to be King of Great Britain, and at the end of the term of three years after the immediate ficcess.n to the crown, upon the demise of her said late Majesty, should take esse.t, no attainder for treaj on should extend to the dish.riting of any heirs, nor to the prejudice of the right or title of any person or persons, other than the right or title of the offender or offenders, during his, her, or their natural lives only; and that it Jhould and might be laws.l to every person or perjons to whom the right 'or inter eft oj any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, after the death of any such offender, should or might have appertained, if no such attainder had been, to enter the fame : and whereas by another aft, pajfed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An a£fc to make *7 recited it high t re a Ion to hold correspondene. with the Tons of the pre- *'1  0

tender to his Majesty’s crown; and for attainting them of high treason, in cafe they shall land or attempt to land in Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and for suspending the operations and esse.t of a clause in the a6t of die seventh year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the union of the two kingdoms, relating to fors.itures for high treason, until after the disease of the fons of the said pretender ; after reciting fo much of the afore said aft as hereinbefore recited, it was further enacted %

380

Provisions.of the two acts herein recited, repealed.

Preamble#

From March *5> T799> the proportion of fees received by the matter of the mint shall be applied as herein-after mentioned; and inltead of the pretent salary and fees, he shall be paid 3,cool, per annum half-yearly.

Taxes to which the matter is now fuhiedfc, to be paid out of the fees Ik rein directed to be accounted for.

Anno regni■■tricesimo.nono Georgii III. c. 94. [1798.

acted. "That the said provifton fo made by the aforesaid aft should not take place, nor have any operation, force, or esse.t whatsoever, until after the deceases.not only of the said prete?ider, but also of his eldejl and all and every other Jon and fins: and whereas it is expect.ent that the said provisions in the two fever al afts contained and hereinbefore recited fbould be repealed; be it theres.re enacted by the King's most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said provisions in the said two several acts contained and hereinbefore recited, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. XCIV.

An aft to aseer.ain the salary of the mafier and worker of his Majefiys mint.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the emoluments arising from the office of the mafier and worker of his Majefiy’s mint are uneer.ain, and of very different amount in different years, and in the cafe of a recoinage are excessive: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t afTembled, and by the authnrity of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fist. day of March last past, the proportion of fees, allowane.s, and emoluments, received or retained by the master and worker of his Majesty’s mint under and by virtue of the indenture between his Majesty and the said master and worker of the mint, shall no longer be paid to, received, or retained by him for his own use, but the fame shall be received, paid, applied, and accounted for in the manner herein-after mentioned ; and that in fteacl of the present salary, and such proportion of fees, allowane.s, and emoluments, there shall be paid to the master and worker of hk Majesty’s mint, a net salary or sum of three thousand pounds per afttiumy which lhall be accepted by him in lieu of the salary and proportion of fees, allowane.s, and emoluments heretofore paid to, received, or retained by the master and worker of the mint, for his own use, and which salary of three thousand pounds per annum hereby directed to be paid as aforesaid, shall be paid and pavabie to him half yearly; that is to fay, On the fist. day of April and the tenth of October in every year, out of the proportion of fees, allowane.s, and emoluments, herein-after directed to be received and accounted for, if the fame shall be sufficient for that purpose; and if the fame shall not be sufficient, then such salary of three thousand pounds per annum shall be paid and payable in the manner herein-after appointed for payment thereof.

II. And be it further enabled. That all taxes to which the master and worker of his Majesty’s mint is now subject. in respect of the said office, shall be paid out of the monies arising by the. proportion of fees, allowane.s, and emoluments herein-after directed to be received and accounted for.

III. And

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IIL c. 95.  381

III.  And be it sarthe. enacted, That the fame proportion ofThe propor-fees, allowane.s, and emoluments, that are now paid and allow- t]on of

ed to be received and retained by the master and worker of his J^Th^master.Majesty’s mint, shall still continue to be paid and allowed to and reCeived received by such person as the lords commissioners of the treasury by a person for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall think appointed by-fit to appoint, who shall receive such reasonable salary for ^Vif an^ his pains and labour, and (hall give such security for duly surplus reaccounting for the fame, as shall be approved by the lords mains after commissioners of the treasury for the time being; and a par- payment of ticular and distine. account (hall be kept thereof, and the fame ^paid'there-shall.be accounted for to the lords commissioners of the treasury 0lltf it shall he for the time being, who are hereby required to direct the surplus, paid into the if any shall remain after payment of the sums hereby djrecte. to exchequer, be paid thereout, to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to f^cien^ the and made part of the consolidated fund ; but in cafe the propor- deficiency tion of fees, allowane.s, and emoluments herein-before directed (hall be paid to be received for making the several payments direct.ea by this out of.the adt to be paid thereout, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay ^^°bdated the fame, then and in that cafe the said salary of three thousand pounds per annum, and such other payment as aforesaid, or the deficiency thereof, shall be paid and payable out of any monies carried to and made part of the consolidated fund, not already directed to be applied by any adt or acts of parhame.t.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That from and after the pash.g The office of

of this adt, it shall not be laws.l to grant the office of matter and minUx^be C worker of his Majesty’s mint, in any other manner than subject granted fub-to the directions of this adt.  jedt to the

V . And whereas the covenants contained in the indenture usually adt °S made between his Majesty and the master and worker of his Majesty's 1 mint, are not in the nature of a contrast coming within the meaning and intention of an adt, pafj'ed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An adt for retraining any person coneer.ed in any contract, commission, or agreement, made for the publick service, from being elected or fitting and voting as a member of the house of commons; be it enacted, That no- 2,2 ^eo- 3* thing in the said adt shall extend, or be construed to extend, to extendi the any person holding the office of master and worker of his M3- matter of jest.’s mint.  the mint.

CAP. XCV.

An aft to permit goods the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in any flip or vefjel belonging to the Jubjefls of any country or place in amity with his Met]efly, to be entered and landed without payment of the duty grunted by an atl of the lajl fejfion of parhame.t, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom.—[July 12, 1799 J

HERE AS it is expect.ent that goods,  and  merchan- Preamble,

dize, being the growth end produce of any foreign colony, if and, or plantation in America, imported into this kingdom directly from

38 Geo. 3.

382 Anno regal tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 96, 97. [1798.

any such colony, ijland, or plantation, in (hips belonging to the subjects of the united Jlates of America, or of any other country or place in amity with his Majesty, under the authority of any order or orders, of his Majesty in couneil, Jhould be permitted to be entered, landed, and warehoused, without payment of the duty of customs imposed by an a£l -  -  of the la ftJeff on of parhame.t, intituled, An a 61 for the better protec-

ts 7 , reci e . ^on tjie tra(je 0f this kingdom; and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain (hips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the prelish.nary articles of peace: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be en-a6ted ; and be it enact.ed by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the Goods of the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fist. day of July growth of any one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall and maybe i^Amevica!^ laws.l for the officers of his Majesty’s customs to permit any goods, imported di- wares, or merchandize, being of the growth and produce of any foreign colony, istand, or plantation in America, and imported into this kingdom directly from any such colony, istand, or plantation, in any {hip or vessel belonging to any of the subj.6ts of the united states of America, or of any other country or place in amity with his Majesty; to be entered and landed in this king-his Majesty, dom without payment of the duty of customs imposed by the if permitted * said recited aft; provided such goods, wares, and merhandize, by order in shall be permitted to be landed and warehoused in this kingdom by virtue and under the authority of any order or orders of his Majesty in couneil.

II. And be it further enacted, That any such goods, wares, or merchandize, fo imported, landed, and warehoused, shall and maybe afterwards delivered from any such warehouse for exportation to foreign parts without payment of the duty of customs imposed by the said recited aft on the exportation of any such goods, wares, or merchandize: provided always, That nothing in this a61 shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt goods, wares, and merchandize, fo imported as aforesaid, from the payment of any of the duties imposed by the said recited aft, in cafe any such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be taken out of any warehouse for the purpose of being used or conlumed in this kingdom, or from the duties of customs granted by an aft: of this present section of parhame.t.

CAP. XCVI.

An aft to enable Matthew Boulton, engineer, to export the machinery necefiary for erecting a mint in the dominions of his imperial majesty, the emperor of all the Rufiias.—[ July  1799-]

C A P. XCVIL

reftly from thence in vef-fels belonging to subjects of any place in amity with his Majesty,

couneil,

and maybe delivered for exportation, without payment of the duty imposed by recited aft; but if delivered for home con-sump.ion, the duties imposed by that aft, and an a6t of the present fef-fion, (hall be paid.

efraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in )f Great Britain calied.England, for one year, from the twen-

An act for de

that part of _ .  .  w

ty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and nmety-nme {july ii, 1799.]

CAP.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. 98, 99.  383

CAP. XCVIII.

Jti aft to allow the importation of Spanis. wool, in ships belonging to countries in amity with his Majessy.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an aft, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign Preamble.

of hispresent.Majessy, amongst other things, to prevent traitorous 33 Geo. 3. correspondene. with his Majessy. s enemies, and by several subsequent afts, c* 27* trade and intercourse is prohibited between Great Britain and the countries in hostility with his Majessy, unless such trade and intercourse shall.e specially permitted by his Majessy.s licence and authority: and whereas, for the encouragement of the manus.ctures of this country, it is expect.ent to permit the importation of Spanis. wool from any place whatever, in ships or vejfels belonging to any kingdom or (late in amity with his Majessy: be it theres.re enacted by the King’s most excelien. majessy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t af- Spanis. wool sembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it shall and may may be im-be laws.l to and for any person or persons to import into this veflSf belone.kingdom, Spanis. wool from any port or place whatever in foreign jng to counparts, in any (hip or vessel belonging to any kingdom or (late in tries in amity-amity with his Majessy; any thing in the said a61 passed in the with his Ma-thir.y-third year of the reign of his present Majessy, or any other ^ithltandins. a£l or a6ls of parhame.t, to the contrary in any wife notwith- the recited (landing.  ad.

II. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any (hip or vessel, Vefleis.detain-having on board any Spanis. wool, has been or may be detained, ed having and it shall appear to the satis.a6lion of the lords of his Majessy.s couneil.that his Majessy.s licence was granted for the importation berect.red by of such Spanis. wool before such detention, it shall and may be an order of laws.l for the said lords of his Majessy.s couneil, and they are his Majesty's-hereby authorised and required to order and direct the immediate c.ouneil.restoration of every such (hip or vessel, and all such Spanis. wool, pr^oufly* under the aforesaid circumstane.s, to the resp.£tive owner or granted for

owners, or proprietor or proprietors thereof.  the importa-

tion.

CAP. XCIX.

An aft to encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine, and for reducing the duty granted by an aft of the lafl session on goods the manus.cture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the freights of Gibraltar.—[July 12, 1799.3

WHEREAS by an aft passed in the twenty-sixth.year of the Preamble.

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled,  ^

An a6t for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant c, 18, recited. Seas, it is among fl other things enabled, ci hat no goods or merchandizes liable to retain the inf eft ion of the plague, and coining from the Levant

584 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 99. [1798,

vant without a clean bill of healthy shall be landed in any part ofGreat Britain or Ireland, or of the isles ^/'Guernfey, Jerse., Alderney, Sark, or Man, unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of his Majesty, his heirs orsuccessors, or of his or their privy couneil, that the said goods or merchandizes have been sufficiently opened and aired in the lazarets of Malta, Aneon., Venice, Medina, Leghorn, Genoa, and Marleilles, or one of them: and whereas it is expect.ent to permit goods and merchandize to be imported from the Levant under certain regulations and r efriction.,without having been opened and aired as directed by the said recited aft: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it enact.ed by the King’s moil excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t af-sembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pasting of this ad!, it (hall be laws.l to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their entry of goods privy couneil, or by any order or orders to be ifTued from time to rnminir frnm time, to grant licence and permisti.n for the importation into Great Britain, or the islands of Guernfey, Jerse., Alderney, Sark, or Many of all goods, wares, and merchandizes, coming from the Levant Seas without clean bills of health, without such goods and merchandizes having been opened and aired in the lazarets of any of the ports or places mentioned in the said recited ac!, and that all such goods and merchandizes (hall and may be admitted lazarets men- to an entry in any of the ports of Great Britain, or the said islands tioned in re- of Guernfey, Jerse., Alderney, Sark, and Man, subject. nevertheless to such regulations, rules, orders, and direct.ions, with respect to opening and airing such goods and merchandizes previous to the landing thereof, and to the performane. of quarantine by the crews or other persons belonging to or being on board of the (hips or ..  vessels  in  which  such  goods  or  merchandizes shal. be imported,

by ordeMhall as k',s Majesty, by and with the advice,of his privy couneil, shal.,

-  by any order or orders to be issued as aforesaid, make, prese.ibe,

or direct.j any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwith-standing.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the regulations, rules, orders, and directions, made, prese.ibed, or directed in such order, lhall not be duly observed and practised by all and every the persons belonging to or being on board any ftiip or vefTel in which such goods or merchandize shal. be imported as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, then and in every such cafe such person or persons shal. be subject. and liable to all such pains, penalties, fors.itures, and disabilities, as are in ft idled by the said act of his late Majesty for offences committed contrary to the said ad!, as if this ac!, or any order of his Majesty in pursuance thereof, had not been made.

His Majesty, by order in couneil, may permit the

coming from the Levant Seas, without clean bills of health, although such goods (hall not have been aired in the

cited ad!, ftibjedt to such regulations and performane. of quarantine

direct..

Non-observ.anee of such order shal. subject. the desau.ters to the penalties infliste..by recited act.

The duty imposed by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. of 21. for every look of the vdue of Bri-tifh goods ex-

III. And be it further enacted. That fo much of an ad! passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain flips entering out-

wards

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. ioo. 385

wards or  inwards, to or from foreign  paruntil signing the pre- Por*;e(' to any

liminary articles of peace, as imposes a duty of two pounds  fo  kr

every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all goods, as reiates to wares, and merchandize, the growth, produce, or manus.cture goods export-of Great Britain, exported to any port or place whatever, not ed to any being within Europe, fo far as reiates to any such goods, wares, or merchandize, exported to any port or place within the 0f Gibr^tar, (freights of Gibraltar, (hall, from and after the passing of this shall cease; adt, cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

IV.  And be it further cnadred, That, from and after the apd instead palling of this adl, there (bail be raised, levied, collected, and forlevery°S" paid, unto his Majessy, his heirs or fuccefTors, upon all goods, 10ol. value wares, or merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manus.cture, (hall be paid: (except sugar, and also such goods, wares, or merchandize, Exceptions, which by any special provifkm in the said last recited a61 are exempt from the respective duties thereby imposed.,exported from this kingdom to any port or place within the (freights of Gi-braltar, a duty of ten (hillings for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof; which duty (hall be'managed, aseer.ained, railed, levied, collected, answered, secured, and recovered, in such and the like manner, ways, means, and methods, and (hall be paid, accounted for, and applied, as the duty hereby repealed is by the said last recited act directed to be managed, aseer.ained, raised, levied, collected, answered, secured, recovered, paid, accounted for and applied.

C A P. C.

An a St to revive and continue, until the end of the next fess.n of parhame.t, an aSi, made in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majessy, to continue and amend an aSi, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majessy, intituled. An adt for the more esse.tual encouragement of the British fist.eries ; and to amend an aSi, made in the twenty fix th year of the reign of his present Majessy, for extending the fflier.es, and improving the sea coast of this kingdom.—[July 12, 1799- J

WHEREAS an a SI zuas puffed in the twenty fix th year of his Preamble.

present.Majessy.s reign, intituled. An adl for the more 26 Geo. 3* esse.tual encouragement of the Britijh ftlheries, which was to c- 81. continue in force from the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fess.on of parhame.t: and ivhereas by two aSls, made in the twenty-Jeventh and thirty-fist. years of his present Majessy.s reign, the said first mentioned a SI was further continued and amended: and whereas by an aSi passed in the lafl fess.on of parhame.t, the said lafl mentioned a Si ivas further continued until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety -nine ; and whereas it is expect.ent that the said aSi of the thirty-fist. year of his present Majessy.s reign should be revived, and further continued and amended; be it theres.re enacted by the King’s molt excelien. majessy, by and with the advice and consent of the Vol, XLII.  C  c  lords

 Cj O Ic

386 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 100. [1798.

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-35  hame.t  afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the

and confirmed  passed  in  the  thirty-fist.  year  of  the  reign  of his present.

in force till Majesty, intituled, An aft to continue and amend an a51, made in the end of the the tvjenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, nt*t fcfiion. c jn f0r the more esse.tual encouragement of the British fjloeriesf and all the powers and provisions therein contained, shall, from and after the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in force until the end of the next session of parhame.t.

II. And whereas by an a5l, pafjed in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a£t for incorporating certain persons therein named by the name and (file of The Britijh Society for extending the Fijheries and improving the Sea Coajls of this Kingdom \ and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a joint flock, and therewith to pure.ase lands, and build thereon free towns, villages, and fishing stations, in the highlands and islands in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland', and for other purposes; certain persons therein named and others were incorporated into a company by the name of The Britifli Society for extending the Fiflier.es and improving the Sea Coast. The over t^*is kingdom : and whereas it would greatly tend to promote the nor-6 irof laudable and beneficial purposes of the said society if the governor, the Britifn deputy governor, and directors of the said society, were empowered in society in cor- certain cases.to employ a certain part of the funds of the said society ^Geo ^ otherwise than they are by the said act enabled to do ; be it enacted, c. io6°em-  That, from and after the fist. day of July one  thousand seven.

powered to  hundred and ninety-nine, it shall and may be  laws.l for the

give premi- governor, deputy governor, and directors, of the said society, loans^o" °r Part °* l^em as *s auth°r,ibd by the said act to direct the person.^at thea^*a‘rs  society,  or  for such persons as may be by them

society.s fet- directed and authoriied, to expend any sums of money, being tie meats; viz. part of che funds of the said society, which they shall deem ex-601. a year in pedient, not exceeding sixty pounds in any one year, in premiums premiums to  or rewards to such sober and indus.rious persons,  resident at any

person. the  0f the settlements formed or to be formed by the  said society, as

in°fish.n^r&c  ^eem deserving, by reason of their expertness in

a> c fishing, curing of fish, preparing of soap or oil from fish, making of nets, or in the cultivation of the foil, or other uses.l arts tending to the advane.ment of the beneficial purposes of the said society ; and also to lend at such interect, not exceeding legal interell, as the directors shall appoint, a certain sum or sums of 500I. in lo^ns money, not exceeding five hundred pounds in the whole, for the to persons for purpose of pure.aiing, building, or equipping boats or other vellblhe ve^s ^or the fi^er)A and also such further sum or sums of fishery, and tn°ney in loans to such persons as may build houses or tene-further sums ments at any of the settlements of the said society, the sum fo for building lent in no cafe to exceed one third of the value of the houses or houses; tenements fo to be built, such value to be aseer.ained by satis.factor. certifie.tes, and to be repaid, by equal instalments, in

the

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 101.  387

the course of five years; and also such sum or sums of money, not exceeding two hundred pounds; in loans, on proper security, *oo1. m loans to be repaid in one year, to such perfoh or persons as may dertake to provide fiores of oatmeal, fait, or other necessaries, at |tores at the any of the laid settlements, for the use of the inhabitants thereof, settlements: the sum lent to any such person or persons in no cafe exceeding two thirds of the value of the fait, oatmeal, or other such necef-faries which such person (hall become bound to provide; and also such sum or sums of money, not exceeding two hundred and aool, pounds, in loans, to such person or persons as may undertake to™ore Per~ establish any manus.ctory of nets, fail cloth, or cordage, or ofstake.spinning of hemp, flax, or woolien.yarn, the sum fo to be lent establish a to any such person or persons to be repaid within such time as manus.ctory the directors (hall think fit, not exceeding three years, and in no^ne^ ^nc^c cafe to exceed two thirds of the value of the hemp, flax, wool,' c ’ or other materials which such person shall have provided, or become bound to provide for such manus.ctory: provided always,

That nothing in this act: shall be construed to diminish the powers of any general meeting of the said society as established by the said a£f, or to impeach the validity of any bye law of the said society, legally made at any such general meeting.

III. And whereas the said British society are dire died hy the said adi to lodge the money arifmg from the subscriptions of the members thereof or otherwise, in certain banks, without any power to itivejl the fame in such manner as to produce an interest whilst the fame is not employ.d.in prosecuting the purposes of the said adi, which has proved to be disadvantageous to the said society; be it theres.re enacted, That, from and after the said fist. day of July one Surplus mo-thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be laws.l for*}eY ofthe the governor, deputy governor, and directors of the said society, b^investe.^in or such part of them as is authorised by the said act to direct the government assai.s of the said society, to invest such surplus money of thelecurities, or said society as may be from time to time under their direction in^t^hent-government securities, or to lend the fame on heretable bonds Scotland S *** in Scotland, for the purpose of obtaining an interest for the fame during such time as it cannot be beneficially employ.d.for the purposes of the said act; any thing in the said adi contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

C A P. Cl.

An act to continue feyeral laws relating to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hog’s lard> and grease, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and fix.—[July iz, 1799.]

Adis 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. and fo much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, continued until December 25, 1800. Aft 7 Geo. c. 12, continued until March 25, 1806.

c c 2  CAP.

3&S Annoregni.tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io2—164. [179S.

C A P. CII.

An a<5l to revive and continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, the bounties granted by an a&, made in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majelty, for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe.—[July 1799*3

CAP* CIIL

An adt for making allowane.s in certain cases.to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.—[July 12, 1799.]

cap. civ.

An ail to amend an att, made In the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An a6f to enable his Ma-jest. to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to acf and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifie.tions,—[July 12, 1799*]

Preamble. TT 7 HERE AS it is judged expect.ent for the better defence of his VV Majefifs coionic. in America, to augment his Majeflfs fix-tieth regiment of infantry, now confifiing of five battalions of one thousand men each, by the addition of a sixth and seventh battalionsv to consist in like manner of one thousand men each, and to inlijl as soidlers, to serve in the said..xth andseven.h battalions in America, any of the foreign troops now in his Majessy.'s pay, or other foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselyes.to serve as soidlers.therein : and whereas fiuch foreigners cannot be fo well clife.plined, without the ajfifiance of fame officers who are acquainted with their manners and language : and whereas it is expect.ent, in the present.uncture of assai.s, to facilitate the speedy raising of such sixth and seventh battalions, and to enable a certain number of foreign officers to serve and receive pay as officers in such sixth and seventh battalions: be it enacted by the King’s moll excelien. majessy, by and with the His Majesty advice and consent of the lords spiritual nn-d temporal, and corn-may add a mons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the autho-sixth.and rity of the fame, That it ffiall and may be laws.l for his Ma-talion^to^he je^T’ b,s heirs and successors, to augment the said sixtieth regi-60th regi- rnent of infantry, by the addition of a sixth and seventh batta-ment, and lions, to consist of one thousand men each, and to enlist as fol-foreigners diers, to serve in such battalions, any of the foreign troops now therein*^ *n Majesty,s Pay> or other foreigners who ffiall voluntarily America. enter themselyes.to serve as soidlers.therein in America.

Foreign cffU IE And be it further enabled, That all such foreign officers cers may lerve who ffiall receive commissions from his Majessy, his heirs and and receive fficcefiors, to be officers of such sixth and leventh battalions, in pay therein. America, (which commissions it ffiall and may be laws.l for his Majessy, his heirs and successors, to grant), ffiall be enabled to serve and receive pay as officers in the said regiment.

III. Provided

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 105.  ^  389

III.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Foreign offi-such.foreign officer Ihall be enabled by this ad to serve as an ^ ^meric^ officer in any place except America only ; but every such foreign on\yy and may officer, when he shall be reduced, shall be capable of receiving receive halshal.-pay according to the rank in which he (hall then serve. PaY-

C A P. CV.

An aft to continue and amend fo much of an aft made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majefy, as permits fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, 'to carry on the manus.cture i?/* Maids.one geneva.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the thirty-third year of the Preamble.

reign of his present Majefy, intituled, An ad to continue 33 Geo. 3. certain duties of excise on foreign lpirits imported into this c* 59-kingdom, for a limted time ; and also for continuing certain laws of excise therein mentioned; reciting, that certain rules, regulations, refriCtions, provisions, fines, penalties, and fors.itures, were, by an aft pafl'ed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majefy, provided, sett.ed, and efablished, for the manus.cture of fpi-rits calied.Maids.one Geneva, efablished.at Maids.one in the county of Kent, by Gz orge Bishop.of that place', and that certain duties were, by the said aft, and by another aft made in the thirtyfirs. year of the reign of his said Majessy, imposed on the said George Bishop.for and in respect of wafl) produced by him from malt or other corn ; and that the said George Bishop.was lately dead, and fir Wiilia. Bishop.knight, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, were become poss.f'ed of the dist.lery and premises in which the said George Bishop.deceased carried on the mamfafture of such Maids.one geneva at Maids.one aforesaid., and that the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, tuere defrous to carry on the manus.cture of and to make spirits commonly calied.Maids.one Geneva, in the said dif tilery and premises at Maids.one aforesaid, under andj'ub-jest.to the like duties, rules, regulations, refriction., provisions, fines, penalties, and fors.itures, as the said George Bishop.deceased carried on the manus.cture of and made spirits commonly calied.Maids.one Geneva ; and that it was expect.ent to allow the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, fo to carry on such manus.cture, and to make such spirits, it ivas enacted, That it Jhould and might be laws.l to andfor the said..r Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the survivors and survivor of them, postiff.d of the said difiillery and premises, to carry on the manus.cture of and to make spirits commonly calied.Maids.one Geneva, in the said difiillery and premises at Maidstone, until and upon the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under and subject to the like duties as were imposed on the said George Bishop.deceased, by the said afts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-firs. years of the reign of bis said Majefy: and whereas by an aft pajfed in the thirty fist. year of the reign of his present Majessy, the said permijflon was continued until the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred

c c 3  and

>9° Anno regni triceiimo nono Georgii III. c, 105. [1798*

and ninety-seven ; and by another a£1 passed in the thirty-seven.h year of the reign of his present Majefiy, the said permijfton was continued until the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: and whereas it is expect.ent to alloiu the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to continue and to carry on the said manus.cture of and to ?nake spirits calied.Maid done Geneva, in the said dijlillery and premises at Maids.one afore said, from and after the said fist. day a/* July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for a limited time, under and subj.Si to the duties, rules, regulations, rest.iCtions, and provisions, herein-after ynentioned: m2y it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s mold excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and during the every no gal- continuance of this add, there (hall continue to be paid by the Ions of watli said fir JViilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the produced survivors and survivor of them, pofleste. of the said distillery and from nzlb. of prernifeS at Maids.one aforesaid, for every one hundred and twenty

thp. or corn *  J  1  J  y

galion. of wash, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which they or the survivor or survivors of them (hall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the sum of one pound seven (hillings and three-pence.

II.  And be it further enacted. That for everyone hundred and twelve pounds weight of malt or other corn before the fame is separated from the bran thereof, fo used by the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, there (hall be allowed a credit in the books of the proper officer or officers of excise, of not more than eight galion. and one third part of a galion.of spirits at the strength of one in fix under hydrometer proof.

III.  And be it further enacted, That the said fir Wiilia. MefiT. Bishop. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or any or either of them,

out an° spirits  not ^ or ^end out anY *P*r*ts whatsoever of a greater de-

of a Greater  Sree strength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof;

ih-cn^th than  and if the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop,

one in fix  or any or either of them, (hall fell or fend out any spirits what-

nndev hydro- soever contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a£t, such oiTpenalty of fpftfts together with the casks and vessels containing the fame, fors.iture,  and the horses, cattle, carts, and carriages, made use of in the

See.  removal thereof, (hall be fors.ited, and (hall and may be seized.

by any officer or officers of excise.

Excess.f  IV. y\nd be it further enacted, That if on casting up the

^vcnTthe0Ckft°ck of the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles credit al- Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, any officer or officers lowed, to be of excise (hall find the quantity of spirits contained in such stock fors.ited. to exceed the quantity for which the said fir WJilia. Bishop. George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them is entitled to credit, at the strength of one in fix under

hydrometer

Me IT. Bishop.ihall continue , to pay for

malt or corn, il. 7s. 3d.

For every 112 lb. of malt or corn, the excise officer shall allow a credit of 8 J- galion. of spirits of one in fix under hydrometer proof.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 10391

hydrometer proof, after deducing and allowing for the quantity of spirits for which permit (hall have been granted to the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bifoop, and Argles Bifoop) or the fur-vivors or survivor of them, then and in every such cafe the ex-cess.found (hall be fors.ited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

V,  And be it further enacted, That before the said fir Wiilia. Before uflng

Bifoop) George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or any or either of them, ^orn for^mak-shall.make use of any malt or corn for the purpose of making jng wash, n any wort or wash, the said fir Wiilia. Bifoop, George Bishop, and hours notice Jtrgles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, (hall give he given twelve hours notice in writing to the officer of excise, under  ^

whose.survey the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Ar~ penalty of gles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor ot them, (hall then be, of 300I.

the intention of them the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bifoop, or the survivors or survivor of them, to use the fame, in order that the said officer may attend to weigh such malt or corn ; and if the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George*

Bishop, and Argles Bifoop) or the survivors or survivor of them,

(hall negleet.to give such notice as aforesaid, the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bifoop, or the survivors or survivor of them, {hall, for every such negleet. fors.it the sum of two hundred pounds.

VI.  And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of en- If the proper abling the proper officer or officers of excise to aseer.ain the officer find strength of the wash on which luch duty as aforesaid {hall have dffijllation been charged, the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bifoop, and Ar- v^jecJ for the gles tfifoop) and the survivors and survivor of them, shall provide, purpose, that and from time to time keep, in their distillery house at Maid- 30 galion. of

Jlone aforesaid, a small Hill, with a worm and tub complete, ofwafll Pr°duce 3 proper size, to distil at one time thirty galion. of wash ; and  2  *

all'o another fmalj {till, with a worm and worm tub complete, of fpir|tgSat a proper size and convenient fort, to diltil the low wines drawn the strength or extracted from such thirty galion. of wash ; and which quan- of one in fix

tity of wash such officer or officers is, and are, for the purposes unc*er hydro-

j  *  *  i * meter proot

aforesaid, hereby empowered to take and diltil, and also 10 diltil the whole ' -the low wines, drawn and extracted theres.om, when and as quantity of osten.as he or they shall think fit; and if thirty galion. of such walh in the >vafh, fo distilied, shall be found to produce low wines which, on distillation, (hall be found to produce more than two galion. and Jhali be 1 °P pne eighth of a galion.of spirits at the strength of one in fix un- charged with der hydrometer proof, then the whole quantity of wash at that a duty of time in the poiTeffion of them the said fir Wiilia. Bifoop, George ,s- Per ?alion. Bifoop, and Argles Bishop, and the survivors and survivor of fors.it Uffides them, shall be charged by the proper officer or officers of excise 6d, for every with a duty of one {hilling per galion, and which shall become galion, payable immediately on such charge being made; and the said fir Wiilia. Bifoop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the fur-vors and survivor of them, shall also, for every galion.of such quantity of wash. fors.it and lose the sum of sixpence.

c c 4  VII.  And

392 Annoregni tricesimo nono Geokgxi III. c. 105. [1798.

MefT. Bishop.VII. And be it sarthe. enacted, That it shall not be laws.l

on the^rade * ^or ^aic^ fir Wiilia. Bishop. George Bishop. a a cl Arghs Bishop, or of distilling any or either of them, during the continuance of this adl, to geneva in any carry on the trade of diiVilling geneva in .any other place or 0^lerPla^e3 places than those now occupied by them for that purpose at now occupied Maidjlone, or therein use any ft ills, bucks, or other utensils, of by them, or ""larger dinienfions than those now in use in the said manus.ctor.. use any larger VIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, vehels.  and fors.itures, by this a61 imposed, shall be sued for, recovered.

Recovery and levied, and mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any applie.tion of pne^ penalty, or fors.iture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or ** s* mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty.s courts of record at IVeflminst.rj and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or fors.iture, shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the fame.

Duties to be IX. And be it further enacted, That the said duties by this under the ma- a(^ iixap0fed (hall be under the management of the commis.ion-thee.mmis. ^rs exc^e m England fior the time being.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, fors.itures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an adt made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An adt for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in

iioners of excise.

Powers of 12 Car. c. 24. (not hereby altered) to

extend to this Capite, and by knights service and purveyance^ and for settling a re-adU  venue  upon  his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in

force relating to his Majeity’s revenue of excise, upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided or established for managing, raif-ing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or aseer.aining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than and in such cases.for which other penalties or provisions are made and provided by this adt), shall be practised, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties, hereby granted, as fully and esse.tually to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, dire'dlions, penalties, fors.itures, claims, matters, and tilings, were particulari. repeated and reenacted in this present adt.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the money arising by the duties by this adt imposed, the neeeflary charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wejlmin-Jler\ and the laid monies, fo paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, (hall be appropriated and applied to and for the fame uses and purposes in the fame proportions as the said rates and duties now payable by the said fir Wiilia. Bishop, George Bishop., and Argles Bishop, are by the several acts of parhame.t for granting, impoiing, and appropriating the fame, directed to he appropriated and applied,

XII. And

Duties to be p:ud into the exchequer.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106.  393

XII.  And be it further enabled. That this a<5t (hal! commence Continuance and take esse.t from and immediately after the fist. day of July°*^* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and (hall remain and continue in force for the space of five years, to be computed from that day.

CAP. CVI.

An act for the reduction of the militia foroes, at the time and in the manner therein limited.; for enabling his Majessy.more esse.tuall. to inere.se his regular foroes, for the vigorous prosecution of the war; and for amending the laws relating to the militia.—[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the present situation of publish assai.s admits of a Preamble.

c 07ifider able diminution of the defen five force exijling in this kingdom; and it may theres.re be expect.ent to discharge or dise.body a certain proportion of the militia foroes: and whereas it is expect.ent that the laws relating to the militia Jhould be amended in certain particulars : and whereas it is highly important that the mofl esse.tual measures Jh&uld at the fame time be adopted for augmenting his Ma-jest.. regular foroes, for the vigorous prosecution of the war against the enemy: may it theres.re please your Majessy.that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excelien. majessy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of two several So much of a<£is, passed in the thirty-seven.h year of the reign of his present 37 Geo.3. Majessy, for providing an augmentation to the militia, as fixes 2^as fixes the number of men to be raised in the several counties, ridings, the number of and places, therein mentioned, shal., from and after the palling men to be of this adl, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.  raised, repeal*

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the palling of this adl, the number of private men to be raised, and who {hall remain liable to serve in manner heiein-after mentioned as ra}fecj jn the militia for the said several counties, ridings, and places, in those places men-several.a£ls mentioned, {hall, together with the number of men tioned in rerequired by an adl passed in the twenty-sixth.year of the reion th^num of his present Majelly, and with volunteers raised by virtue of ber veqUtreci* an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prelent by 26 Geo. 3. Majessy, intituled, An act for augmenting the militia, be as follows: c. 107. and that is to fay,  '  ’  with vohm-

J y  teers raise.

For the county of Bedford, five hundred and ninety-four:  ^."cf^ifto*0*

For the county of Berks, one thousand and fist.-one :  be as follows.

For the county of Bucks, one thousand one hundred and

twenty-two :

For the county of Cambridge, nine hundred and one:

For the county of Chejler, with the city and county of the (pity of Chejler, one thousand fix hundred and fist.-eight:

For

394

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 111, c. 106. [1798*

For the county of Cornwall, one thousand two hundred and eleven:

For the county of Cumberland) one thousand one hundred and

fist.-two:

For the county of Derby, one thousand seven hundred and

hfty-eight:

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter.) two thousand eight hundred and thirty-five:

For the county of Dor Jet, with the town and county of the town of Poole, seven hundred and seventy:

For the county of Durham, nine hundred and twenty-one: For the county of EJJex, two thousand three hundred and thirty-one:

For the county of Gloueejler, with the city and. county of the city of Gloueejler, and the city and county of the city of Brijiol, two thousand one hundred and seven.y-eight:

For the county of Hereford, nine hundred and seven.y-?five: For the county of Hertford, eight hundred and ninety-nine: For the county of Huntingdon, two hundred and ninety-fix : For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, two thousand four hundred and twenty-eight:

For the county of Laneasie., four thousand five hundred and seven.y-five:

For the county of Leicester, one thousand two hundred and three:

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, two thousand five hundred and sixty.four:

For the county of Middksex, exelusive.of the tower divifio^ commonly calied.The Tower Hamlets, Eve thousand fix hundred and ninety-fix:

For the county of Monshout., five hundred and twenty-two: For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, two thousand two hundred and sixty.fix:

For the county of Northampton, one thousand three hundred and fist.-seven :

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Neivcajlle-upon-Tyne, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, one thousand two hundred and sixteen :

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and coqnty of the town of Nottingham, one thousand and fist.-fix:

For the county of Oxford, one thousand one hundred and thirty :

For the county of Rutland, one hundred and fist.-four:

For the county of Salop, one thousand eight hundred and fist.-fix.

For the county of Somerse., two thousand nine hundred and

seven.teen :

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, one thousand five hundred and ninety-four ;

For

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo none Georgit III. c. 106.  395

For the county of Stasso.d, with the city and county of the city of Litch.ieldy two thousand one hundred and twenty-four :

For the county of Suffolk, one thousand nine hundred and fist.-five:

For the county of Surrey, two thousand five hundred and three:

For the county of SuffeXy one thousand five hundred and four:

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, one thousand two hundred and eighty :

For the county of JVeJhnorland, four hundred and fist.-three:

For the county qf IVorccfler, with the city and county of the city of Woroes.e.y one thousand one hundred and fist.-five :

For the county of fViltSy one thousand seven hundred and twenty:

For the Weft Riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of Yorky four thousand five hundred and fist.-five :

For the North Riding of the said county, one thousand seven hundred and seven:

For the East Riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingston.npon-Hully one thousand and fist.-fix :

For the county of Anglesea. three hundred and sixty.eight;

For the county of Brecon, three hundred and eighty-four:

For the county of Cardigan, four hundred and fist.-fix :

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, seven hundred and sixty:

For the county of Carnary.n, two hundred and thirty-nine:

For the county of Denbigh, fix hundred and forty-five:

For the county of Flinty three hundred and seven.y-seven :

For the county of Glamorgan, seven hundred and fist.-four:

For the county of Merionethy two hundred and twenty-fix :

For the county of Montgomery, five hundred and twenty-one:

For the county of Pembrokey with the town and county of the town of Haverso.dwefty three hundred and seven.y-seven :

For the county of Radnory two hundred and sixty.one:

And that the number of men fo remaining, filial. be liable to The number further reduction, in the proportions, and in the manner, and may beturther at the time hereinafter limited and appointed.  reduced. ^

III. And be it further enacted, That every commanding Commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, and company of militia raised oneer. to and serving for any county, riding, or place, herein-before men- of the dumber tioned, shall, within twenty days from the passing of this a£t, Gf esse.tive cause returns of the respective numbers of esse.tive private mi- men to be litia men actually serving in the regiment, battalion, or com- made to the panies of militia, under the command of such officer, to be made oV^IieTite^ to the general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, or nancy, that place to which such militia shall belong, in order that a reduc- the excess tion of the fame may take place for every county, riding, or  reT

place, where the numbers actually serving shall exceed the Por- deficienc* ^ portion hereinbefore specified; and that the number hereby re- supplied.

quired

396 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

The additional men to complete the quota, to be chosen by bailot.as directed by a6 Geo. 3. c. 107.

and on notice to appear, and take the following

quired maybe speedily and efFeftually supplied from and by such counties, ridings, and places, where the number actually serving (ball sali ihort of the proportion herein-before specified.

- IV. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe where it shall be requisite to supply by bailot.the number of men appointed to serve in the militia of any county, riding, or place, under the provisions of this aft, the additional man or number of men required to complete such quota or number cf men, shall be raised, provided, and chosen by bailot.in the manner directed by and under the rules ana regulations prese.ibed in the said aft, palied.in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty.

V.  And be it further enacted, That every person who shall be chosen by bailot.and enrolied.in the said militia, after the palling of this aft, shall, upon notice in the manner directed by the said aft of the twenty-sixth.year aforesaid, appear at such meeting as shall be appointed by three or more deputy lieutenants to be holden for that purpose, and there take the following oath 3 (that is to fay),

oath.  c T //. B. do fi nee rely promise and swear, That I will be faith-

JL ful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George 3 and 1 do swear, that I will faiths.lly serve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, for which I am enrolied, unless I shall be sooner dil'charged.’

Subftitutes VI. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall to take the fob be enrolied.as a substitute or volunteer to serve jn the said mi-lowing  litia, shall, at the time of such inrolment as aforesaid, take the

following oath , (that is to fay),

o^th.  c *T A. B. do fmeer.ly promise and swear, That I will be faith—

JL ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faiths.lly serve in the kingdom of Great Britain for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, or for such further time as the militia (hall remain embodied, unless I (hall be sooner dise.arged.*

Directions for railing rr.en to supply deficiencies.

VII.  And be it further enacted. That the lieutenant or de-» puty lieutenants, at any general meeting of lieutenancy, and the deputy lieutenants aftting for such county, riding, or place, in their respective fub-divisions, (hall, in railing such/ deficiency, take into consideration the number of esse.tive privates aftqally serving for each parish or tything of such county, riding, or place, in the said militia, and shall cause the number of men who shall be at any time hereast.r required to supply such deficiency, to be raised and bailot.ed for out of those parishes, townships, and tythings, that (hall not have railed their respective proportions, according to the number of men then serving for the whole of the militia of such county, riding, or place respectively 3 and

{half

179S.] Anno regni tricesimo nano Georgii III. c. 106.  397

{hall in like manner cause the number of men necessary for sup.plying such future vacane.es as may arise in such militia, or any part thereof, to be railed, chosen, and bailot.ed for out of such last mentioned parishes, townships, and tythings, until such time as each pari Hi, township, and tything, shall have railed its due proportion, according to the directions of this act,, and shall rails the men required to be raised by this a6t, by such rules as are prese.ibed for raising men for such respective regiments, battalions, and companies of militia in the said adir, palied.in the twenty-sixth.year of his Majesty’s reign before mentioned, without regard to the circumstane. whether such vacane. arose from among the militia established by the said adt of the twenty-sixth.year of his Majesty’s reign, or the said supplementary militia, or among any volunteers raised under the said adt of the thirty-fourth year of his Majesty’s reign.

VIII.  Provided always, That whenever the lifts of two or^^anc^s more parishes, townships, tythings, or places, shall have been p^ce? whose added together for the choice of any militia man or men in pur-lifts have fuance of the said several acts before-mentioned, or any of them,been added and a vacane. shall arise after the time when the several parishes, t0Sether, have townships, tythings, and places in the county, riding, or place, ^Qeta tcT in which luch militia man or men shall have been raised, shall be supplied have completed their just proportions, according to this adt, out of such then, and in every such cafe, a militia man shall be bailot.ed tolifts.as di-suppl. such vacane., and fo from time to time whenever such.^ ^c2 vacane. shall arise, out of the lifts returned for the fame pa- Ic>7/ rishe., townships, tythings, and places fo added together, in

the fame manner as by the said adt of the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty is directed to be done when the fame parishes, townships, tythings, and places were added together, in order to raise the militia man who shall have occasioned such vacane..

IX.  And be it further enacted, That the quota or number of^^^^e men required by this adt, where the fame is now deficient, shall with^riethree be completed within three calendar months after the palling of months after this adt; and when and as soon as any such quota or number ofpahing this men shall be completed, the lieutenant, or, in the absene..

the lieutenanr, any three deputy lieutenants of such county, seer.tary at

riding, or place, authorised by his Majesty to adt as lieutenant, war, and no-

shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith totice given to

certify the fame in writing to the seer.tary at war, and to givethe c^mand-

notice to the commanding officer of the militia of such county,in&r 0 ceu

riding, or place, of such certifie.te having been lent as afore-

said.: provided always, That the quota of any county, riding, Quota not to

or place, shall not be deemed to be complete until all the

required by such quota shall have joined the regiment, battalion, ^liThe^ueri

or company, or regiments, battalions, or companies of militia, have joined.

of such county, riding, or place.

X.  And be it further enacted, That in every county, riding, Where^the ^ or place, in which the full number of private men required as compK-^ the quota of such county, riding, or place, by this act, shall not vvfthjn ihre'e

he month': alter

596 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io6. [1798.

quired maybe speedily and esse.tually supplied from and by such counties, ridings, and places, where the number actually serving fnall fall short of the proportion herein-before specified.

- IV. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe where it shall be requisite to supply by bailot.the number of men appointed to serve in the militia of any county, riding, or place, under the provisions of this act, the additional man or number of men required to complete such quota or number of men, shall be raised, provided, and chosen by bailot.in the manner directed by and under the rules ana regulations prese.ibed in the said act, pafTed in the tvventy-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty.

. V. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall tak^the^ol-1 he chosen by bailot.and enrolied.in the said militia, after the towing  palling of this act, shall, upon notice in the manner directed by

the said at of the twenty-sixth.year aforesaid, appear at such meeting as shall be appointed by three or more deputy lieutenants to be holden for that purpose, and there take the following oath j (that is to fay),

The addition al men to complete the quota, to be chosen by bailot.avs directed by 26 Geo. 3. c. 107.

and on notice

oath.  c T //. B. do ti nee rely promise and swear, That I will be faith—

A. ful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faiths.lly serve.in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, for which I am enrolied, unless i shall be sooner dii'charged.’

"Substitutes VI. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall to take the fob be enrolied.as a substitute or volunteer to serve in the said mi-lowing  fitia, fna]]5 at the time of such inrolment as aforesaid, take the

following oath 5 (that is to fay),

oath.  4 T A. B. do fmeer.ly promise and swear, That I will be faith—

A ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faiths.lly serve in the kingdom of Great Britain for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, or for such further time as the militia (hall remain embodied, unless I (hall be sooner dise.arged.’

Directions for railing men to supply deficiencies.

VII.  And be it further enated, That the lieutenant or de^ puty lieutenants, at any general meeting of lieutenancy, and the deputy lieutenants acting for such county, riding, or place, in their respective fub-divisions, shall, in raising such, deficiency, take into consideration the number of esse.tive privates actqally serving for each parish or tything of such county, riding, or place, in the said militia, and (hall cause the number of men who (hall be at any time hereast.r required to supply such deficiency, to be raised and bailot.ed for out of those parishes, townships, and tythings, that (hall not have railed their respective proportions, according to the number of men then serving for the whole of the militia of such county, riding, or place resp.tively 3 and

ftialf

397

179$.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106.

(hall in like manner cause the number of men necefTary for sup.plying such future vacane.es as may arise in such militia, or any part thereof, to be raised, chosen, and bailot.ed for out of such last mentioned parishes, townships, and tythings, until such time as each parish, township, and tything, {hall have raised its due proportion, according to the directions of this act,.and shall raise the men required to be raised by this a<5f, by such rules as are prese.ibed for raising men for such respect.ive regiments, battalions, and companies of militia in the said a <51, passed in the twenty-sixth.year of his Majesty’s reign before mentioned, without regard to the circumstane. whether such vacane. arose from among the militia established by the said a£t of the twenty-sixth.year of his Majesty’s reign, or the said supplementary militia, or among any volunteers raised under the said a£fc of the thirty-fourth year of his Majesty’s reign.

VIII.  Provided always, That whenever the lifts of two or Vacane.es^

more parishes, towns.iips, tythings, or places, (hall have been  wlfofe

added together for the choice of any militia man or men in pur-lifts have fuance of the said several a£ls before-mentioned, or any of them,been added and a vacane. (hall arise after the time when the several pari files, together, have town(hips, tythings, and places in the county, riding, or place,qu^ta, to'1* in which luch militia man or men shall have been raised, shall be supplied have completed their just proportions, according to this a<ft, out of such then, and in every such cafe, a militia man shall be bailot.ed to^fts as di-suppl. such vacane., and fo from time to time whenever such.^ yc2 vacane. shall arise, out of the lifts returned for the fame pa- io7/ rishe., towns.iips, tythings, and places fo added together, in

the fame manner as by the said a<51 of the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty is directed to be done when the fame parishes, townships, tythings, and places were added together, in order to raise the militia man who shall have occasioned such vacane..

IX.  And be it further enabled, That the quota or number of  be

men required by this a<51, where the fame is now deficient, Hiall with?n thr-ee be completed within three calendar months after the palling of months after this a£l; and when and as soon as any such quota or number of palling this men shall be completed, the lieutenant, or, in the absene. °ft ifi e o*t the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of such county, seer.tary a7 riding, or place, authorised by his Majesty to act as lieutenant, war, and no-ftiall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith totice given to certify the fame in writing to the seer.tary at war, and to give^e

notice to the commanding officer of the militia of such county,111^ 0 cel* riding, or place, of such certifie.te having been lent as afore-said.: provided always. That the quota of any county, riding, Quota not to or place, shall not be deemed to be complete until all the men beseemed ^ required by such quota shall have joined the regiment, battalion, ^nThe^nen or company, or regiments, battalions, or companies of militia, have joined, of such county, riding, or place.

X. And be it further enacted. That in every county, riding, Where the or place, in which the full number of private men required as becompv-t-d

[ quota shall not

the quota of such county, riding, or place, by this act, shall not wjthin three

be months alter

for and in lieu of every private to be raised within the fame

til re for every man not provided within three months after notice of any deficiency.

398 Anno regni tricesimo no no Georgii III. c. 106. [17980

failing this be raised and completed, within three calendar months after the adt, rol.^to be passing Qf this then and in every such cafe the sum of ten for'each man pounds shall be annually paid, deficient,tobe militia man by this a£t directed asse.led at the county, riding, or place, who (hall not have been raised within rime  by  this  a<5l; and the justices of the peace and

like wife in fit- magistrates of every such county, riding, and place, assembled at the general or quarter less.ons of the peace, to be held next after the sea.t of Saint Michael, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (hall, upon the receipt of the certifie.te of the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, authorised as aforesaid, which certifie.te he and they is or are hereby required to transmit to the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, or place, to be laid before the (aid justices and magistrates respectively at such sessions, rate and assess the said sum of ten pounds per man as aforesaid, upon every such county, riding, or place ; and in cafe at any future time the number of men required to be provided for the militia of any county, riding, or place, according to the several provisions of this a£t, (hall not be provided within three calendar months after the lieutenant, or any one of the three deputy lieutenants authorised as aforesaid, (hall have had notice from or by the order of the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of luch militia of any such deficiency, then and in every such cafe the justices and magistrates as aforesaid, assembled at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace holden for the county, riding, or place, after such deficiency (hall have been made known to them by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants aforesaid, (hall rate and assess the like sum of ten pounds for every man fo deficient as aforesaid, upon every such county, riding, or place.

XI.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the justices and magistrates aforesaid, in making any such rate and assessment upon the whole of any county, riding, or place, (hall upon a whole apportion the sums fo to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and assess county in the the fame upon the several parish.s and tythings in such county, fiime prop or- riding, or place, in the fame proportions in which the men for the th^men'are0^  are  required  to  be  raised by such parish.s and tythings

required to be resp.es.vely, according to such apportionment as may have been railed by the made thereof in pursuance of this act, or to the last apportion-parishes.  ment that shall have been made of men to be raised by each

parish.and tything, by the last general meeting of lieutenancy held before the passing of this a£t. and when  XII.  Provided  also,  and  be it further enaested, That when, in

any county> riding, or place, such deficiency of men shall arise ircmi thVde- ^om the desau.t of any particular parish or parishes, tything or saul. of any tythings, in such county, riding, or place, in not raising the particular pi- proportion or respective proportions of men required to be raised rilh or panshe. bv any such parish or tything, or parishes or tythings, that then and m any luch cases, the laid justices and magistrates, in making such rate and afiefs.ent as aforesaid, {half rate and assess all and every such sum and sums of money upon such parish or tything,

or

The magistrates to apportion such asse.Tments

to assess them accordingly

399

179$.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii.HL c* 106.

or parish.s or tythings that shall have fo made desau.t as aforesaid, in proportion to the number of men by which each of such parishes or tythings (hall fall short of the number of men required to be raised therein.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That the justices and ma^-Themagis.

gistrate. of the several counties, ridings, and places, where anytratestotrans.such.rate and asse.finent shall be made as aforesaid, shall imme-  to'the

diately after the making of any such rate and aTefiment as afore- treasurer of said, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, the several amounts of the place, who the sums fo aflefTed upon the several parishes and tythings to the^.iaI1 give no-treasur.r or treasurers of such county, riding, or place; and such.hToverse.rs° treasurer or treasurers shall, as soon as conveniently may be, who shall pay tause.notice thereof to be given to the respective overseers of the the money out -poor of the several parishes and tythings upon which any such.f the poor rate or afTeffment shall have been made as aforesaid ; and such.ates* overseers shall, within fourteen days after such notice as aforesaid of such rate or afTeffment, pay the amount of the rate or

afTeffment made upon their respect.ve parishes or tythings out of any money in their or any of their hands of the rates for the relief of the poor; and if they, or any of them, shall not have sufficient of such money for that purpose, then such overseers shall. and they are hereby required to make a rate for the relief of the poor sufficient to satisfy such rate and afTeffment; and it shall be laws.l for the said overseers to levy and collect. the fame in such manner as rates made for the relief of the poor, or any other rates made for the purposes of this ad, may be levied and collected.

XIV.  And be it further enacted, That the treasurer or trea- Treaf&rers to surer., receiving any such sum or sums of money, shall retain rstain.money such sum and sums of money in his hands for three calendar j^n^which^ months after the receipt thereof; and during the said period of period deputy three months it shall be laws.l for any deputy lieutenant of thelieutenants subdivision of the said county, riding, or place, within which may agree such parish, township, or place, shall be situate, to raise any vo-^^ lunteer or volunteers for such militia in lieu of such man or men bounty not as shall be fo deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with any such exceeding 10L volunteer for a bounty not exceeding the sum of ten pounds.and order pay-* and the deputy lieutenants, before whom such volunteer shall he^^u^.the sworn and enrolied.to serve in the militia, shall make an orderwbo shall pay upon such treasurer or treasurers for the payment of such bounty ;the fame, and and upon the production to such treasurer or treasurers of a cer- at tl\e ex-tificate under the hands of such deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, 0fthree°month$ any such volunteer having been sworn and enrolied.to serve in^ay pay the* the militia, and of such order for the payment of such bounty balance* to the as aforesaid, and of a certifie.te under the hands of the com-receiver ge-manding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militianeral*

of such county, riding, or place, of such man having joined his regiment, battalion, or corps, such treasurer or treasurers shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to pay, out of such money in his hands as aforesaid, any sum of money not exceeding the said sum of ten pounds for each of such volunteers

400

Anno regni tricesimo nono GeOrgii III. c. io6. [1798^

teers as aforesaid; and such treasurer or treasurers (hall, at the expiration of three months after the receipt of such money as aforesaid, pay all such Turns of money as may remain in his or their hands, for and on account of any such fines as afore-said, and that shal. not have been paid for and on account of any such volunteer as aforesaid, in manner herein directed, to the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, to be applied and disposed of in like manner as directed by the said adt of the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of his present Majesty.

XV.  And whereas doubts have arisen with resp.fl to the allowane.s to the families of perjons serving in the militia as volunteers under the said atl of the thirty fourth year of the reign of his present Allowane. to Majcjly, be it theres.re enaefed, -That the like allowane.s (hall voV in teersS °^e ma<^e to ^ Tamil ies of persons serving in the militia as vo-under ^GeoJunteers as a^oreTaid, as by several adfs passed in the reign of his 3. c. 16. to present Majesty are direelect.to be made to the families of per-be made as to fons serving as privates in the militia • such allowane.s to be or-the families offered, paid, and reimbursed by such persons, and in such man-privates. ner? and to be divided, apportioned, and borne in such and the like manner, in every resp.es. as is direct.ed by two several adfs passed in the thirty-third and thirty-fist. years of the reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the allowane.s made to the families of serjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers.

Pay of men to XVI, And be it further enabled, That the pay of every per-commence onpon enrolied.to serve in the militia of any county, riding, or then joining. pjace^ after passing 0f this adf, (hall commence upon the day on which such person shall join the regiment, battalion, or company, to which he (hall belong, and not before: provided Perfons pre- always. That if such person shall have been prevented joining' vented from such regiment, battalion, or company, by sickness, or such other cause, and (hali produce to the commanding officer of have an al- such militia a satisfactory certifie.te of such sickness, or other lowane. of sufficient cause, it shall be laws.l for the commanding officer of Pa^»son'oln  anc^  *s  here.y  required  to direct. an allowane. of

ingf a^a°allow- Pay t0  t0  person fo prevented, according to the

ance for  time mentioned in such certifie.te as aforesaid ; and such corn-

marching,  manding officer may and is hereby required to direct an allow-

ance to be made to every other person who (hall join his regiment, battalion, or company aforesaid, fo that such allowane. shall in no cafe exceed the pay of fo many days as would enable such person to march from the place where he was enrolied, to the regiment, battalion, or company, to which he (hall belong, to be calculated at the rate of not leis than ten miles in each-

Subftitutes or volunteers not joining, or who desert, may be pu-niffied as de-ferters, and adjudged to further To-

day, with the usual number of halting days.

XVII. And be it further enabled, That if any person sworn and enrolied.in the said militia, either as a substitute or volunteer, (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a militia man), shall not with due diligene. join the regiment, battalion, or company of militia of the county, riding, or place, for which he shall be fo sworn 2nd enrolied.(in cafe such regiment, battalion, or company shall then be embodied)

according

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106.  401

according to such order as shall be given him in that resp.es., by ^ce in the mi-the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any of them, or by any ^tulars.roes, officer or non-commis.ioned officer of the fa id regiment* batta-lion, or company, or by any other person authoriled to give him such order, in pursuance of any law now in force respect.ing the militia; or if any person serving in any militia as a fubditute or volunteer shall desert or absent himself from his duty, every such militia man shall be liable to be apprehended and pumshed.as a deserter, according to the provisions of any a£l which dial] be then in force for the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and shall also be liable to be adjudged to further service in the laid militia, or to service in his Majesty’s regular fortes, as the court before whom he shall be tried shall think fit to direct ; and in cafe the said Men adjudged court shall adjudge such militia man to service in his Majesty’s ^aulT^foroes. regular foroes, it shall be laws.l, by order under the hand of m|y, by order the seer.tary at war, or hi's deputy, to cause such man, with the of the fecre-consent.of the colonel or commanding officer of the militia to tary at war, which such fubditute or volunteer shall belong, to be enteredas a private soldier to serve in such regiment or corps of his Ma- jone] Qf mili>~ jest.’s other foroes.as shall be directed in such order, and to be tia, be entered forthwith conveyed either to the head quarters of the regiment f° to serve, or corps in which he shall be fo entered, or to Chatham barracks, as the cafe may require ; and such fubditute or volunteer shall, from the time of his being delivered over to be fo conveyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the penalties and punisi.ments contained in any a£t then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, as if he had been enlided in the regiment or corps in which he shall be fo ordered to be entered os aforesaid.

XVIII.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be His Majesty, Jawful for his Majedy, by his royal proclamation, pardoning, if by proclama-he shall think fit, all or any such militia men as shall have en~ listed.into any of the regular foroes.before the palling of this act, ^ n w}10 have to dires. that such men fo pardoned (hall not be liable to be enlided into claimed by or returned to serve in the regiment, battalion, or the regular company of militia from which they shall have deserted ; and further, to pardon every- such militia man as shall, before the passing of this a<5t, have deserted from any regiment, battalion, i'erttrs from or company of militia, on condition that such militia man shall the militia voluntarily surrender himself as a deserter on or before the fird w^°j day of Augty? one thou fa nd seven hundred and ninety nine; or jjft fato the shall, on or before the said first day of August, voluntarily enlist regular into some one of his Majesty’s regular regiments, and to direeft foroes, by that such militia man fo pardoned and enlilting shall nor be liable  as  do

to be claimed by or returned to serve in the regiment, battalion, farrender* or company aforesaid ; and all militia men who shall have de- or enlist, shall ferted at any time before the passing this atft, and who (hall not be liable to be have surrendered themselyes, or enlisle. as aforesaid, in confe- t/ieTas de~ quene. of such proclamation, on or before the first day of An- nghT» gujl one thouland seven hundred and ninety-nine, lhall be liable to be tried in the fame manner, for desertion or absene. from.

Vol. XLIi;  D d  their

4° 2

Where any place (hall

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii HI. c. 106. [1798♦

their duty, and to be punished and adjudged to service in his Majesty’s regular foroes, in the fame manner as is herein before directed, with respect to militia men deferring or absenting them-i'elyes.from their duty, from and after the passing of this aft.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where in any regiment, battalion, or company of militia, in which any private to°fiUda va"1311 man  promoted  to  the  rank of serjeant, corporal, or drum-

mer, in consequene. of any vacane. occasioned by the death or discharge of any con-commis.ioned officer or drummer, the parish or phee for which such private militia man was bailot.ed (hall find and provide another man instead, it (hall be laws.l to and for any two deputy lieutenants acting for the subdivision wherein such parish or place (hall be situate, to certify the fame to the justices of the peace assembled at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace, held for the fame county, riding, or place * and the said justices (hall at such sessions order a sum of money, not exceeding the average prie. paid for a substitute in such parish or place, or any adjoining parish or place, to be paid out of the county rates, to the chure.wardens and overseers of the poor of the parish or place which (hall find and provide another man

to fill a va> cane. occa-fioned by promotion, or death, or discharge, two deputy lieutenants may certify the fame to the sessions, who shall order a sum out of the county rates to the overseers for^pro

man.

No bailot.to take place where a private has been promoted in the room of non-commis.fioned officer or drummer reduced, till

vidinganother as aforesaid, whether such man shall serve personally or by substitute, and to be applied in aid of the poor rates in such parish or place.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private militia man shall be promoted to the rank of a non-commis.ioned officer or drummer in any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, in the room of any such officer or drummer reduced to the ranks, no bailot.shall take place in the parish or place for which such private man fo promoted was then serving, in consequene. of any vacane. occasioned by such promotion, until the non-commis.ioned officer or drummer fo reduced shall the reduced be have obtained his dise.arge.

dise.arged. • XXI.  in  order that at the time of the reduction of the said.

militia foroes, a proportional augmentation may be made to his Ma-jeJPs regular forees, for the vigorous prose.ation of the war: be it further enacted, That it shall be laws.l for his Majesty, by any order under his royal sign manual, to name and appoint such and fo many regiments of his Majesty’s regular foroes, as his Majesty (hall think fit, to receive volunteers under the provisions of this aft from the militia, in manner herein-after directed; and out of Europe no regiment which shall receive any such volunteers as aforesaid time^to1re^  during the term of five years next ensuing, or during the

ceive volun- continuance of the war, and for fix months after the expiration teers from the thereof, be liable to serve out of Europe, or to be sent thereout militia, who under any pretence whatever ; and it (hall be laws.l for any private militia man to enlist into his Majesty’s regular foroes.under this aft, in the manner, and subject to the regulations hereinafter mentioned ; and every person who shall be enlisted in his Majesty’s regular foroes.under this aft, shall be enlisted to serve for five years, or during the continuance of the present war, and for fix months after the expiration thereof, and no longer,

and

His Majesty may appoint regiments of the regular foroes.(who shall not serve.

shall.be enlisted on that condition.

1798.] Anno regni tricefuno nono GeOrgii III. c. 106.  403

and (hall not be liable to be sent, or to serve out of Europe; and every such person (hall, in addition to the usual and accustomed Men fo oaths to be taken by every person enlisting as a soldier in his Ma- ing to take the jessy.s foroes, take the following oath; (that is to fay),  following

4 T B. do sineer.ly promise and swear, That I will be faith- oatll«

X ful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faiths.lly serve in the regiment of his Majesty’s regular foroes.within any part of Europe, during the term of five years, or for the continuance of the war, and for fix months after the expiration thereof, unless I (hall be sooner dise.arged/

XXII.  And be it further enabled, That every person who (hall No person fo be enlisted to serve in any regiment, battalion, or corps of his bedraf^dinto Majesty’s regular foroes.appointed to be recruited under this a 61, any

Ihall serve in the regiment, battalion, or corps, in which he shall corps, unless have originally enlisted to serve, and in no other regiment, bat- first dise.arg-talion, or corps whatever; and no person enlisting into any such regiment, battalion, or corps, shall on any account or pretence rjjy etUering. whatsoever be dracted.into or serve in any other regiment, battalion, or corps, whether such person shall consent to his being fo dracted.or not, unless in every such cafe the person fo dracted.to serve in any other regiment, battalion, or corps, other than the one for which he shall have fo enlisted as aforesaid, (hall have been first wholly and absolutely discharged from all service whatever in his Majesty’s foroes, and shall thereast.r have voluntarily entered in such other regiment, battalion, or corps.

XXIII.  And be it further enabled, That every person enlisted £very militia

to serve in his Majesty’s regular foroes.under this abl shall be en  uhr^Jn

titled to the sum of ten guineas as a bounty, to be paid in man- foroes, to be ner herein-after directed; and it shall be laws.l for the justice of entitled to the peace or magistrate before whom any such person lo enlisted 10 guineas

as aforesaid shall be attested, to direbt any sum, not exceeding ^lTh^ma ^ one third part of the said bounty of ten guineas, to be paid to dijp0fed*of ^ him forthwith, or to be advaneed.to such person, or to such of as herein fpe-his family, and in such proportions, as he shall request at the cified. time of his being fo attested, and also to direbl any further sum, not exceeding the sum of one guinea, to be paid thereout to the officer producing such person to be attested, to be laid out in providing immediate necestar.es for such person fo attested ; and the justice of the peace or magistrate directing the payment of any such money, shall grant a certifie.te thereof to the officer producing such person to be attested as aforesaid, and the remainder of such bounty money (hall be paid to such person as soon as he shall arrive at the head quarters of the regiment, battalion, or corps, into which he (hall have enlisted as aforesaid, or at Chatham barracks, as the cafe may be.

XXIVb And be it further enabled, That every commanding Commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, ot corps of militia of any officers of

...................... ntioned,  shall,  t0  cx‘

county, riding,

or place, herein-before.me D d 2

upon

receiving

plain to the

*» men the terms

an intention, the/ may be discharged, and attested foi the regiments in which they intend to enlist, &c.

4r>4 Anno xegni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io6, [1798.

upon which receiving directions from his Majesty for that purpose, explain to lift mtcTthe11* Pr,vate men t^ie regiment, battalion, or corps of militia of regular foroes, which he (hall for the time being have the command, in such and if any manner and at all such times, within two months from the pa(T-declare such jng Gf this a£i, as his Majesty (hall direct, the terms upon which any private man serving in the militia may enlist into the regular foroes.under this adf, and if upon the terms of such enlisting being explained or made known to them as aforesaid, any such private militia man shall voluntarily declare an intention to be enlisted into his Majesty’s regular foroes, it (hall be laws.l for such colonel or commanding officer of militia as aforesaid to discharge such person from the militia5 and every such private militia man, fo discharged as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon belong, as a private man, to the regiment, battalion, or corps, into which he shall declare his intention to enlist, and (hall be immediately enlisted and attested for such regiment, battalion, or corps, in due course of law, and shall (as soon as conveniently may be) be transferred to feme officer of such regiment, battalion, or corps, or such officer as his Majesty may have appointed to receive men enlisted under this a£t, and (hall have and be entitled to the allowane. of the bounty of ten guineas in the manner herein men-tionedv together with subsistence, pay, and cloathing, to be paid and furniffied in like manner in every resp.Cl, and subject to and under the like laws, rules, and regulations, as are provided and used for the reft of his Majesty’s regular foroes, except as such laws, rules, and regulations, are with resp.CI to such men altered by this aeft; any law or statute to the contrary thereof not with-Perfons dif- landing.

charged for XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if

the purpose of any person fo discharged for the purpose of being enlisted as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding refuse to enlist pursuant to such declaration fo made by him as aforesaid, that then and in every such cafe such person shall continue to belong to the regiment, battalion, or company of militia from which he (hall have been fo discharged for the purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such dise.arge.

X XVI. Provided always, and be it further enaested, That where militia is com- the militia of any county, riding, or place, shall be complete, ac-plete,as re- cording to the number of privates in actual service, as required by this a<5t, the colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid (hall not be at liberty to discharge, or cause to be discharged, in pur-fuanceof this a£i, more in number of luch private militia men than one fourth of such quota.

XXVII. Provided also, and it be further enabled, That where and where nott^e militia of any county, riding, or place, shall not be complete fourtVoffihe as aforesaid, the colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid (hail number a£tu- net be at liberty to discharge more than one fourth part of the ally serving, number of men actually serving for such county, riding, or place, at the time of palling this aCi, until other men, according to the directions of this a£t, shall be raised and enrolied.to serve for such county, riding, or place: provided always, That every

such.

being fo tn listed, and refuting fo to do, to belong to the regiment from which dif-charged. Where the

quired by this a&, no more than a fourth of the quota shall be dil-charged;

until the fourth of the quota (hall have enlisted.

179S.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106*  405

such.colonel or commanding officer may, from time to time, as into the regu-osten.as such other men ffiall be raised and enrolied.in the mili- Iar ^oroes. tia of such county, riding, or place, towards completing the quota required by this ad, discharge, in manner and according to the directions herein-before given, such further number of private men who shall have been actually serving in such militia at the time of passing this ad, as shall have desired, or (hall from time to time desire, to enlist as aforesaid, fo as not to exceed the proportion of one fourth of the men then actually serving in such militia; and every such colonel or commanding officer may continue from time to time to discharge all such men as aforesaid, until the proportion of one fourth of the number of men required as the quota of militia of Rich county, riding, or place, shall have enlisted into his Majesty’s regular foroes.under this ad; provided always, That if the number of men required to be en- Tf therequisite.listed.as aforesaid cannot be obtained from such of the militia as  cannot

shall.have been actually serving therein at the time of passing of  obtained

this ad, it shall be laws.l for such colonel or commanding officer, from those from time to time, to discharge in like manner, out of the men serving at that shall have been enrolied.therein, after the passing of this ad, fo many as shall be necessary to complete the proportion before- as ma^'be'ne-mentioned.  cessa.y to

complete the proportion may be discharged out of those enrolied.thereast.r.

XXVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this ad contained shall extend to allow of any militia man or men enlisting or being enlisted under this ad, who shall be under the height of five feet four inches, or to allow any militia man or men enlish.g.or being enlisted under this ad, into any regiment, corps, or troop of cavalry of his Majesty’s foroes, or into his Majesty’s marine foroes.

XXIX.  And he it further enacted. That the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, of every county, riding, and place aforesaid, (hall, at the expiration of two calendar months after the passing of this ad, transmit to his Majesty’s privy couneil.an accurate account in writing, of the number of persons that shall have been discharged from the militia of their respective counties, ridings, and places, and enlisted in the regular foroes.under this ad ; which accounts shall, in all cases.where the fame may be necessa.v, be transmitted by the commanding officers of such militia to such lieutenants or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, for that purpose,

to them by the commanding officers of

No man under a certain h. ight to he enlisted, nor any into the cavalry or marines.

County lieutenants to transmit to the privy couneil.an account of the number discharged, and enlisted in the regular foroes; which accounts, where necef-fary. shall he transmit.ed

XXX. And be it further enacted. That after the passing of this Mis Majdiy

ad, it shall be laws.l for his Majesty, by any warrant under his may direct any

sign.manual, directed to the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as numbtr of r r -  •  .  ,  1  -  r J n .. , . . men railed

aforesaid, trom time to time, when and as otten as he lhall think un(jer ^

fit, to dise.body any number of militia men raised under the said Geo. 3, c. 3.

ads of the thirty-seven.h year of the reign of his present Ma- an.d or

jelly, or raised after the passing of this ad; and for that purpose

to au^horhe and direct any colapel or <;oroo\aacting.officer of any t^c*1T respec.

& d 3  rpilitia  tive  abodes

such.as do not, shall re^ main liable to serve in the militia, and shall join when required.

406 Anno regni trlcefimonono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

militia to dise.body and dismiss to their respective places of abode, any such number of such supplementary or other militia men aforesaid as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such colonel or commanding officer (hall, within fourteen days after the issuing of any warrant as aforesaid, proceed, according to the di-regions of such warrant, to dise.body and dismiss such supplementary or other militia men aforesaid to their respective places of abode, in manner and at the times in such warrant mentioned. Perfons fo XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all fe^^edfo^o Per^ons  disembodied and dismissed as aforesaid,or selected, taken,

be, may enlist or dracted.for the purpose of being fo disembodied or dismissed as in the regular aforesaid, from any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, in foroes, and whatsoever the fame may be done, may, during the time of their remaining fo disembodied as aforesaid, or at any time after they shall have left any regiment, battalion, or corps, of militia, under any order of the colonel or commanding officer thereof, for the purpose of being fo disembodied or dismissed as aforesaid, enlist in his Majesty’s regular foroes.under this ad; and that all persons fo disembodied and dismissed as aforesaid, who shall not during such time as aforesaid, enlist in any of his Majesty’s regular foroes, shall remain liable to serve in the fame militia, and shall, and they are hereby required to join any regiment, battalion, and corps of militia, serving for the county, riding, or place, from the militia of which they shall have been respectively dismissed, whenever calied.upon fo to do, either for the purpose of supplying the vacane.es which may arise in the said militia, or whenever they shall be again embodied under any warrant under his Majesty’s sign manual, which warrant as aforesaid his Majesty is hereby empowered to issue whenever he shall think fit, and shall be and remain subject to all such and the like rules and orders, and to all and the like pains and penalties as any other persons enrolied.to serve in the militia are subject. and liable to by any a£t or adls now in force, at such times as the said militia shall not be embodied under the said adis, or as such persons are subject and liable to at the time of the embodying of any militia.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or company of militia shall, within twenty days, or as soon as conveniently may be after the issuing of any warrant under this ad! for the dise.bo-dying and dismissing any militia men belonging to such regiment, tain peiiod, a battalion, or company, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the men dft- clerk of the general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, etn o ltd. or p|ace t0 which such militia shall belong, a lift of all such militia men as shall have been disembodied and dismissed in purs.anceof any such warrant as aforesaid; and every such lift shall be made In the following form;

Colonel: of militia to transmit to . the clerk of the general meeting, within a cer

Date4

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106.  407

Dated the  day  of  Form  0f  lift.

Name of the county, &c.  Names of the men disembodied and difrniffed.    If subs.itues, for whom they serve.  Of the pari/h of  In the hundred of

  A.  B.  — —  P.  H.

  E.  F.  c. d.  M.  N.

And the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants acting for such county, Lieutenant to riding, or place, (hall cause the men necessary for supplying any supply vacan-vacane.es that may hereast.r arise in the militia of such county, riding, or place, to be bailot.ed for out of the persons returned in person. ' any such lift as aforesaid ; and fo from time to time as occasion bailot.ed to (hall require, fo long as any of the persons returned in any such lift serve the recan be found to supply such vacane.es as aforesaid ; and every rounder of ithe person fo bailot.ed to supply any such vacane., (hall serve in the engaged'be-0 militia of such county, riding, or place, upon the conditions and fore difmif* for the remainder of the time for which such person shall have fion. been engaged to serve in such militia before he was disembodied and difrniffed as aforesaid; and whenever and as soon as all the persons returned in any such lift or lifts that can be found to supply such vacane.es as aforesaid, (hall have been bailot.ed for out of such lift or lifts as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe the men necessary for supplying such future vacane.es as may arise in such militia (hall be raised, chosen, and bailot.ed for, in manner by this adf direct.ed.

XXXIII.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be laws.l for Any officer

any officer appointed by his Majesty under this adt, or any fer- appointed by jeant or other person duly authorised by the commander in chies.o^anv^ed’on of his Majesty’s foroes.for that purpose, to enlist into any regi- authorised by ment, battalion, or corps of his Majesty’s regular foroes, any the com-militia man fo disembodied under and by virtue of this adf, and zander in who is willing to be fo enlisted, and (hall appear fit for service; enlifi-5 nhlhia and every such officer, serjeant, or other person as aforesaid, en- mendise.bo-i listing.such person as aforsaid, and every such person foenlist.ng to died, and serve in his A4ajest.’s regular foroes.under this adf, shall be freed willing to and discharged from all pains, penalties, or fors.itures whatsoever  foroes.

incurred by reason of such enlisting, entering, or offering to serve.

as aforesaid; any statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV.  Provided always, and be it further enact.ed, That Adt not to

nothing in this adt contained shall authorise any officers ap- authorise.

pointed by his Majesty to enlist and receive militia men under  any

\ .  J  J  rc  ,  /T.  militia men,

this adt, or any commanding officer, or other officer, or unies. dif-

non-commis.ioned officer, of any regiment, battalion, or corps, charged or to

in his Majesty’s regular foroes, or other person, to enlist, or be dise.hodi-

persuade.to enlist, or receive any militia man, other than such as

(hall have been duly discharged by the colonel or commanding

p d 4  office^  *

 vjOO^IC

lieutenant, of any militia man’s having voluntarily enlisted into the regular

408 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

officer of the militia to which the person desirous of enlisting (hall belong, in cafe such man (ball be a£tually serving in the militia, or other than such as (hall have left any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia for the purpose of being dise.bodied.in manner herein-before mentioned.

Onproduction.XXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the produc-to the county tlon t0 t^le lieutenant or three deputy lieutenants of the county, ' riding, or place, from the militia of which anv person or persons discharged or disembodied under this a61 was or were enlisted, of a certifie.te or certifie.tes, under the hand of any justice or juf-tices of the peace of any county, riding, or place in Great Britain, or of any magistrate of any borough, town, or place therein, foroes, he (hall of any such private man belonging to the mrlitia having volun-nanle tc^be tan'y enlisted and entered himself as aforesaid, and of alike cer-dftaharged tificate or certifie.tes, under the hands of any officer or officers from the lift appointed by bis Majesty to receive such men, or duly authorised of men serving to eniift any man or men into his Majesty’s regular foroes, of such fo^kecoonty, mari or men having entered into his Majesty’s regular foroes.not be obliged (which certifie.tes every such justice or magistrate and officer re-to bailot.for spec.tiveiy is hereby required to give gratis), every such lieutenant another man. or deputy lieutenants is and are hereby required to cause the person named in such certifie.te to be discharged from the lift of militia men serving for such county, riding, or place, and the certifie.te of the number of men to be raised for the militia of such county, riding, or place, according to the quota required by this to be amended, by striking out such number ot men as (hall be enlisted in his Majesty’s regular foroes,from the militia of such county, riding, or place, by virtue of this a6f; and the county, riding, or place, for which any private militia man fo enlisted Was railed, shall not be obliged to bailot.for any other in the room of the militia man fo enlisted, but (hail be di charged from raif-ing any men to supply any vacane. occasioned by any enlisting under or in puriuancc of this a6t.

XXXVI.

ditional allowane. Jhould be made to the wives and families ofJerjeants, corporals, and private men in the militia of Great Britain, during the time they should remain in actual serv.e in Ireland, over and above such allowane.s as zvere payable and paid to such wives and families, by any adi or adls new in force: and whe reas in pursuance of an order of the lords commijstone.s of his Majesty's tteasur., the receivers genera! of the land and affjjcd taxes zvere dire died, within their rcj'pedhve receiversa.ps, to reimburje to the overseers of the poor of every pans. or place zvhere the wives and families of any militia jprjeant, corporal, or private respect.vely entitled to any such additional a/lctvane..Jhould rcfulc, all Jitch.Jums of money as such Gverse.r. of the poor Jhould from time to time advane. and pay to such wives and children of militia men, at the rate of eight-pence per zveek for each person entitled thereto, upon such overseers producing a?id delivering to the colle.lors of the land tax or ajfejfed taxes within such parish or place, an account in vjriting of all such sums of money Jo advaneed.and paid by such overseers, for and in rejpedl of any such additional extra, ailoivane.s 5 and cilfo a true copy of the order or orders which such.

wives

And whereas it has been thought expect.ent that an ad-

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io6.  409

wives or families might have obtained from any magis.rate, in pur -fuance of any all or acts of parhame.t for providing for the families of militia men, such account having been firjl veris.ed upon the oaths of such over.iers before a justice of the peace of such county, and such overseers giving at the fame time a receipt for the money mentioned in such accounts resp.ttively: and whereas doubts have been entertained resp.biing the validity of the said orders, and it is expect.ent that such doubts Jhould be removed: be it theres.re declared and enacted,

That all justices of the peace, and all overseers, officers, and paying an other perform, who shall have made any such order, or shall have additional paid any sum or sums of money, or done any aft, matter, or allowane. to thing, for or in respect of any such extra allowane., shall, from and after the passing of this aft, be, and are hereby respectively  of

indemnisi.d for and on account of every such payment, and for Great Britain or on account of any such aft, matter, or thing, done in pur- on service in fuance of and in conformity with such order as aforesaid, as fully ^ed0and^ll and esse.tually, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if such persons acting payments had been made, and afts, matters, and things done, in under it pursuance of any aft of parhame.t.  indemnisi.d.

XXXVII.  And be it further enacted. That the wife or family While militia of any serjeant, corporal, or private man, belonging to the militia of England^ of England, who (hall be actually serving in Ireland, and whose wife or family (hall be entitled under any order of a juffice of the theirwives peace to any allowane. under any aft or afts of parhame.t now and families to in force, (hall, during all the time that such militia serjeant, cor- be entitled to poral, or private man, shall continue in actual service in the said ^nowane.out militia in Ireland,, over and above the weekly allowane. that shall 0f the poor be payable to such wife or family, by virtue of such order as rates, aforesaid, under such aft or afts of .parhame.t as aforesaid, by the like order of some such juffice of the peace as aforesaid, out of the rates made for the relief of the poor, to be entitled unto, and the overseer or overseers of the parish or place where such wife or family shall dwell (hall pay to such wde or family the following additional allowane.; that is to fay, The sum of eight-pence for each and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years ; and the sum of eight-pence for the wife of any such militia serjeant, corporal, or private man as aforesaid, whether he shall or shall not have any child or children ; and such additional allowane. shall be payable and paid out of the rates for the relief of the poor of such parish, tything, or place, and (hall be reimbursed to such overseer or overseers in manner herein-a/ter mentioned.

XXXVIII And be it further enacted. That when any overseer JuftiVs to ex*, or overseers of the poor of any parish, tything, or place, ihali, before am‘ne ac“ the passing of this aft, have advaneed.any ium or lums of money under such order of the lords commissioners of hU Majesty.s overseers for treasury as aforesaid, and such sum or sums of money shall not such addition-have been reimbursed to such overseer or overseers m manner in allowane.s, the said order directed ; or when any overseer or overseers of the fo* re-***" poor of any parish, tything, or place fljall, after the passing ofceiver general {his aft^ pay any sum or (urns of money under and by virtue of to repay rt,

thi

410 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [179S.

this adV, for or towards any such additional allowane. as aforesaid, that then and ip all such cases.it shall be laws.l for any two justices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where such payment shall have been made, and they are hereby required, within fourteen days after the pash.g of this adf, as to all such payments as shall have been made before the pash.g thereof, and, once in every quarter of a year, as to all such payments as shall be made after the pash.g of this adf, to enquire into and examine the account of monies fo paid as aforesaid, at the request and on the oath or solemn affirmation of such overseer or overseers, and thereupon shall allow all such payments as shall appear to such justice to have actually been made for and on account of such additional extra allowane.s, and shall thereupon forthwith make an order for the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, in which the family, to which such additional allowane. (hall have been paid, shall reside, to pay the sum allowed by them in such account out of any monies in the hands of such receiver general ariling from any duties receivable by him as such receiver general ; and such receiver general, or his deputy, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the sum fo allowed in such account as aforesaid, or to remit the fame within fourteen days after the receipt of such order to the overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or place, from which such order shall have been transmitted to him; and such order, certifying the amount allowed in such account, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general for payment of such sum of money; and all such sums of money fo paid by such receiver general as aforesaid (hall be reimbursed to such receiver general out of the sums voted for the extraordinaries of the army*

Continuance XXXIX. And be it further enact.ed, That fo much of this of a ft.  adf as relates to the number of men to serve in the militia for

that part of Great Britain calied.England, shall remain and be in force during the continuance of the war, and for fix months after the concjufion of a general peace, and no longer.

CAP. CVII.

An act for granting to his Majessy.certain stamp duties on hills of exchange and prom iffory notes for f?nalls.ms of money.—[July 12,

1799-]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TIT E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the W commons of Great Britain in parhame.t assembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s pub-lick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned; and dp most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enact.ed by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons,

1798-] Anno regriitrlcefimo nono Georgii III. c, 107.  411

commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the au- From Dec. 1,

thority of the fame, Thar, from and after the first day of De-

cember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, there (hall Jo bfpaid’on

be charged, afTefl'ed, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and bills of ex-

fuccefTors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the several change and

duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay),  promijfory

v  J  77  notes for

For and upon every skin or piece of vellum or parclime.t, sums. (heet or piece of paper, upon which any bill of exchange, pro- ies# rniflory note, or other note, draft, or order, whether payable on demand or otherwise, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, whejre the sum expres.ed therein or made payable thereby shall be for one pound, and one pound and one (hilling each, there shall be charged a (lamp duty of two-pence; and where the sum expres.ed therein or made payable thereby shall be five {hillings, as hereinafter mentioned, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one halfpenny.

For and upon every skin or piece of vellum or parclime.t, or or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any promis.ory note or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which by the tenor thereof is payable only at the place where the fame was first: ifTued, and which may be re-iftuable from time to time after payment at that place shall be engrossed, written, or printed, where the sum expres.ed therein or made payable thereby (ball be for one pound, or one pound and one (billing, there (ball be charged a stamp duty of two-pence ; and where the sum expres.ed therein or made payable thereby shall be five (hillings, as herein-after mentioned, there (ball be charged a stamp duty of one half-penny.

For and upon every skin or piece of vellum or parclime.t, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any promis.ory note or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which by the tenor thereof, or by any direction or appointment thereunto subjoined or annexed, shall be payable at two or more different places, or at any place different from that where it shall have been originally ifTued, and which may be re-issued.from time to time after any payment at the fame place, or any Other place than where the fame was first ifTued, shall be en-jgrosse., written, or printed, where the sum expres.ed therein or made payable thereby, shall be for one pound or one pound and one ftiilling, there shall be charged a stamp duty of four-pence ; and where the sum expres.ed therein or made payable thereby shall be five (hillings, as herein-after mentioned, there shall be c harged a stamp duty of one penny.

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no-thing in this act contained shall extend to charge any draft mami Up0n a or order for the payment of money on demand upon any banker refuU b^nker, or person or persons acting as a banker, and residing or ing within tr ansa.ting.the business of a banker within ten miles of the place of abode of the person or persons drawing such draft or order, not liable to

III. And

412  Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798*

31 Geo. 3. c.  III. And whereas, by an aft sass.. in the thirty-firs. year of the

25, recited. reign of his present Majsfly, the governor and company of the bank of England were empowered to compound for all the Jlamp duties by the /aid aft imposed for all notes and bills issued by themy on payment of a certain sum of twelve thousand pounds in the said aft mentioned : and whereas the fatd duties have been greatly inere.sed ftnce the mak~ ing the said aft y for which no further cornposition.has been made: and whereas it may be proper to exempt all promissory and other notes and bills issued by the governor and company of the bank 0/* England from the payment of the samp duties imposed by this afty or any aft passed ftnce the said aft of the thirty -firs. year before mentioned, upon pro?niffory and other notes or bills, in confederation and upon payment of a certain sum of money in lieu thereof: be it theres.re enacted. Bank of Eng- That all promis.ory and other notes and bills issued by the said kind notes governor and- company of the bank of England (hall be exempted from the du- ^rom the said damp duties charged by this aft upon notes for sums ties charged of one pound, and one pound and one (hilling each, upon payment by by this ad on the said governor and company of the sum of four thousand pounds, otC°ocol^ antT t^e cornposition.hereby agreed to be paid by the said governor fiorcwdl’aci- and company fo long as such notes shall be issued by them ; and also from all and every the additional (lamp duties imposed by any aft or afts passed after the said aft of the thirty-firs.: year aforesaid, and now in force, upon promissory and other notes or bills, upon payment of the further annual sum of eight thousand pounds by the said governor and company, such payments to be made into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by half-yearly payments, on or before the firs.: day of June and the firs.: day of December in every year, the firs.: payment thereof to be made on or before the- firs.: day of June one thousand eight hundred; any thing herein-before or in any former aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithfianding.

I V. And for ojceriaining by whom the said Jlamp dirties herein-Duty payable before granted shall be payable, be it further enacted, That the duties hereby granted on any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, filial 1 be paid by the person or peifons giving the fame.

V.  And be it further enacted, That no bill of exchange required to be siam.ed by this aft fha!i be re ifiued under any pretence whatever; and that in all cases.where any promissory note or other note, for the payment of money to the bearer on der mand, which filial 1 contain any sum of one pound and one (hilling, or of one pound respectively, and (hall be marked with a mark or (lamp to denote the rate or duty of -two pence hereby is hereby re- imposed, or where any such promissory note or other note which posed,Vp^dim  contain the sum of five (hillings, and (hall be marked with

by perse.s.a mark or (lamp of one halfpenny hereby imposed, shall, at any giving them time after the (aid firs.: day of December one thousand (even hun-^red anc* ninety-nine. be paid by the person or persons by whom sued, may be l^e ^ame have been made or signed, and firs. iffqed or ne-re-ifiued; but gociated, and at the place where the fame was firs.' issued or ne-if paid by any gociated, it (hall and may be foyftul for the person or persons fo

ditional duties imposed ftnce recited aft on a com po fit ion of 8oooi. payable half yearly.

ny the giver of the note*

No bill of exchange to be re-issued.

Notes payable on demand, on which a duty of ad. or a q.

x79^-1 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107.  413

paying the fame, notwithstanding such payment thereof at any other per. time afterwards, and fo from rime to time fo osten.as there (hall an^oftLr* be occasion after every such payment thereof, but not otherwise. i^pur-again to issue, utter, or negociate such promis.ory notes or other fuance or ap-notes fo respectively damped as aforesaid, in such and the like pointment manner as the fame were first issued or negociated ; and all such ^Pre.ffeel.. notes fo respectively damped as aforesaid (hall be and are hereby be^cane.lied, declared to be after any such payment thereof, but not other- and if re -wife, to be again ifluable and negociable from time to time as issued, or if aforesaid, in such and the like manner, and to such and the like ^^he^art uses, intents, and purposes as and for whiyh the fame were first issued or negociated, any law or statute, or any usage or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all such notes fo respectively damped as lad aforesaid, which, at any time or times from and after the said fird day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (hall be paid by any person or persons other than the person or persons making or signing the fame, or at any place other than the place of issuing the fame, in pursuance of any direction, nomination, or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon such notes respectively. {hall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no longer negociable or transferable to any intent or purpose whatever, but (hall be forthwith cane.lied.; and if any person or persons (hall again iftue, utter, or negociate, or cause to be again if-sued, uttered, or negociated, any such promist.ry or other note after any payment thereof, by any person or persons, other than the person or persons making or signing the fame, or at any place other than the place of issuing the fame in manner laid men-tioned, or if any person or persons named or described in any such note for the payment thereof shall, after such payment thereof in manner lad-mentioned, negietd or refuse to cane.l the fame, or cause the fame to be cane.lied, every such person or persons fo offending diall for every such offence fors.it the fucn of twenty pounds ; and if any such note fo damped as lafl afore- Such notes, said shall not be cane.lied.as is herein-before directed, but shall not cane.lied,

be again issued, uttered, or negociated contrary to this ad, then  „

,9  J  r  f X issued, shall.

and m every luch cafe, and from time to time as osten.as such thc lame.

note (hall be again issued, uttered, or negociated, there fha 11 be duty as when

due, answered, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, first issued.

the like rate or duty which shall appear to have been charged

thereon before the first issuing the fame, or which U by this a£t

chargeable thereon as aforesaid, and which rate or duty shall be

payable by and charged on ali and every person or persons feve-

rally and respectively who shall again issue, utter, or negociate

any such note or notes, or shall cause or procure any such note

or notes to be again issued, uttered, or negociated contrary to

this ad, his, her, and their respective executors, admini orators,

and ash.ns.

VI.  Piovided always, and be it further enabled, That all pro- Notes, stamp.miffory notes or other notes for the payment of money to the ^ with the

bearer duty°f*d-

Luartr and id. re-

by whom and at other places than were first issued.

Notes fo re-ifiuable (hall be the property of the

414 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii IT!, c. 107. [1798.

sped.vely, bearer on demand respectively, for the sums of one pound and may be re- one {hilling, or of one pound each, which (hall be damped with illaed, though the duty Gf four pence hereby imposed, and all such notes for the persons than *"Ljm &ve {hillings each, which (hall be damped with the duty of one penny hereby impoied in the manner before directed, shall be, and are hereby declared to be re-iftuable, and may be again issued and negociated by virtue of this ad by the person or persons making or signing the fame, to such and the like uses. intents, and purposes as and for which the fame were first issued or negociated, notwithstanding such notes shall have been pre-sent.d to and paid by the person or persons making or signing the fame, or shall have been presented to or paid by any other person or persons, or at any other place than where the fame was first issued, in pursuance of any such direction, nomination, or appointment as aforesaid, for the payment thereof or otherwise howsoever, and fo from time to time as osten.as occacto. shall require, notwithstanding any payment or payments thereof;, any law, statute, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That every such promis.ory note or other note for the payment of money, to the bearer on demand, which (hail be iflfuable or issued after such payment or

person.Vold- payments as aforesaid in pursuance of this ad, (hall be taken and ing them. construed to be, by virtue thereof, due and payable to and the property of the person or persons holding the fame notwithstanding such payment or payments as aforesaid, and such person ar persons shall be pofTefled thereof in such manner as he, {he, or they would or might be pofTefled thereof or entitled thereunto upon or before the first ifilling.the fame, and (hall and may maintain an action thereupon in such manner as he, (he, or they might do, and have all the like remedies in law as he, she, or they might have had upon or before the first issuing the fame; any law or statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII.  And whereas two asti pajfed in the fist.enth and /even-teentb years of the reign of his present Majessy.to refrain the negotiation of promissory notes under five pounds, made and negociated in England, have been by several subsequent afts of the thirty-seven.hy thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majessy.suspended until and upon the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, Jo far as the fame relates to any notes, drafts, or undertakings made payable on demand to the bearer thereof: and ivhereas it is expect.ent further to suspend the said atis of the fif-teenth and seventeenth years aforesaid fo far as the fame relate to

until and up- fuc^ notes which foatt be ?nade for sums of one pound and one on Nov. 30, /killing) and of one pound each: be it further enacted, That the jSfoa.  said recited ads of the fist.enth and seventeenth years aforesaid,

fo far as the fame relate to the making void of promissory notes or other notes made payable on demand to the bearer thereof for sums of one pound and one {hilling and of one pound each, and also fo far as the fame restrain the publishing or utter-

15 Geo. 3. c. 51. and

17 Geo. 3. c. 30, recited, and fo far as they relate to notes payable on demand for one guinea

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii ITT. c. 107.  415

ing and negociating of any such promis.ory notes or other notes as last aforesaid, shall from and after the said fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be and the fame are hereby declared to be further suspended until and upon the thirtieth day of November one thousand eight hundred and two,

IX.  And whereas, by an aft pajfed in the thirty-ninth year of the 39 Geo. 3. c> reign of his present Majesty, certain banks and banking companies in recited. Scotland therein* mentioned are authorised, until and upon the fist.

day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to issue notes, billsY or tickets in t he nature of bank notes, payable to the bearer on demand, for any sum whatever under the sum of twenty-/hillings Jler~ ling, in the fame way that the said banks and banking companies had heretofore been used to issue notes for twenty /hillings and upwards since the firs. day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty.five, any thing in an aft pajfed in the fist. year of his Majesty.s reign to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas it is expect.ent that the said aft Jhould be further continued and amended in certain particulars herein-after mentioned: be it theres.re enacted, That, from and From July 5, after the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and 1799>the ninety-nine, it shall be laws.l to and for the bank of Scotland and the royal bank of Scotland, the Briti/h linen company, the &c# may issue Carron company, and all other banks and banking companies notes pay-in Scotland, who, on or before the firs. day of January one thou- at)le to bearer land seven hundred and ninety-seven, have exereis.d the bufi-finefs of banking or keeping any bank for receipt of money, and ling^as they have issued notes under the firm of such bank in the nature of have hereto-bank notes, but to and for no other person or persons, company f°re hshed.or companies whatsoever, to issue, re-issue, and negociate notes, an^u^vva^ds bills, or tickets in the nature of bank notes, payable to the bearer * on demand, for the sum of five (hillings sterling each, in the fame way that the said banks and banking companies have heretofore been used to iisue.notes for twenty-shilling. and upwards since the firs. day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty.five; any thing in the said aci of the fist. year of his Majefiy’s reign to the contrary notwithfianding.

X.  Provided always, That the authority to issue, re-issue, or Such issue to

negociate such notes, bills, and tickets as aforesaid, shall have continue till continuance until and upon the firs. day of Dece?nber one thou- to the°°* sand eight hundred, and from thence until the end of the next end Qf ^ fefiion of parhame.t, and no longer.  next feflion.

XI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no From Dec.

bill of exchange, promis.ory note, bill, ticker, or other note in *799* no bill the nature of bank notes, shall from and after the said firs. day ofot exchange December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be if-note shall be sued or negociated in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland issued in Scot-for any sums under five pounds fierling each, other than the said land under 5L sum of five (hillings, or the sums of one pound and one pound,  ex*\r

and one (hilling fierling each, under pain that every person of- onVguiru^^ fending herein shall for every such offence fors.it and pay the on penalty of sum of ten pounds,  »ol.

XII. Ike-

Banks or companies in Scotland may, on licence, iffne cr re-iffne notes tor 5s. sterling un-

416 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798.

XII.  Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said bank, of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland, or the Paid Britijh linen company, the Carr on company, or any other bank or banking company in Scotland herein-before mentioned or described, shall be desirous of issuing or re-ifTuing such notes for sums of five (hillings sterling each without the fame being (lamped as aforesaid, it (hall be laws.l for them respectively, on their obtain-givifflekirity inS a licence for that purpose, and giving security for the due for payment payment of the duties in manner herein mentioned, to issue and of the duties, re-iftue such notes in like manner as such notes may by this a<5t be issued or re-iftued when duly (lamped as by this a<5t is required.

Notes for 5s. XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such notes, bills, bankln^ an^ anc* ^c^ets f°r  °f ^ve (hillings sterling each, which

company, or (hall be issued, re-issued, or negociated under the authority of for il. or one this a6t, by or on account of any bank or banking company be-guinea, by fore described and duly licensed as aforesaid, and all such notes, bills, and tickets for sums of one pound, or of one pound and one (hilling sterling each, which (hall be issued, rerissued, or negociated under the authority of this a£l, by or on account of the bank of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland, duly authorised as aforesaid, (hall, during the term of such licence or authority to be granted as aforesaid, be freed and exempted from the (lamp duties granted by this a<51, upon the terms and conditions that the bank or banking company by or on whose account such notes, bills, or tickets shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated as aforesaid, shall pay the full amount of the duties that would be payable on all such notes, bills, and tickets, which (hall be if-iued, re-issued, or negociated by them respectively as aforesaid.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no be made a  undamped note, bill, or ticket, issued in Scotland by any

ablest any^” bank or banking company under the authority of this aeft as aforesaid, dial! be made payable at any other place than the place where the fame was first iftued; and every such note, bill, or ticket, which by the tenor thereof shall not be payable at any other place than the place where the fame w as first iftued, shall and may be re-issued.from time to time during the period in this aeft allowed by the fame bank or banking company who first iftued the fame, without any (lamp or mark affixed thereon, in like manner in every resp.es., and according to the rules and regulations by which notes of any other persons made payable in like manner may be re-iftued when duly (lamped as by this act is directed.

Commission. XV. And be it further enabled, That the commissioners for duties^mayP managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parclime.t, and paper, grant licences or any two or more of them for the time being, or some person to banks to authorised by them, or any three or more of them, shall in the ifiue unstamp. manner herein directed, on applie.tion for the fame, and on pay-notes or 5s. meilt Qf the sum Qf £ve {billings, grant licences under their or his hands and seals respectively to any bank or banking company

herein*

the bank or royal bank of Scotland, during the term of the licence, (hall be exempt from (lamp duty, upon condition that the amount shall be paid.

Unstamp. notes not to

any other than the place where first issued.

1798-] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107.  417

herein-before mentioned or described, to issue, re-iffde* and ne-gociate all such notes, bills, and tickets as aforesaid, for the sum of five (hillings each, on undamped paper, under the authority of this adf: and during the continuance of the fame ; and every such bank and banking company before mentioned shall be entitled to receive such licence on performane. of the previous conditions herein required at some office, to be appointed by thd said commissioners, in Edinburgh.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Banksdefiroua

bank and banking company desirous of obtaining such licence as obtaining

aforesaid.shall cause to be regidered with the said commissioners  ^

of damp duties at their said office, to be appointed as aforesaid, regjprereci

at the time of applying for such licence as aforesaid, the name with the

and names by which such bank or banking company may law- commis.

fully sue and be sued, or the firm and description of such bank

or banking company ; and shall also certify or cause to be cer- n.arnes by

tified to the commissioners of damp duties, or their officer ap- which they

pointed by them at their said office, at the time of applying for may^be sued,

such.licence^ the name and names, and place or places of abode an(* the ,

/• .  n  ■  rt • names anci

of the partner or partners, agent or agents, calmer or cash.ers abode of the

appointed or employ.d.by such bank or banking company to persons em*

keep the book or books of account of the notes, bills, and tickets ploy.d.to

fo to be issued and re-issued.as aforesaid, and the name or names ^countof the

of the place or places where such books of account as aforesaid notes issued,

are or shall be kept; and that whenever any other person or per- &c.

Tons shall be appointed to succeed any such partner or partners,

agent or agents, cashier or cash.ers as aforesaid, whose name

shall.have been or ought to have been certified to the said com-*

missioner. of damp duties, or their said officer, according to the

directions herein-before given, then and in every such cafe the

like certifie.te shall be made of the name or names, and place

or places of abode, of all and every such fuccefTors and success.r

as aforesaid to the said commissioners of damp duties, or their

said.officer, within twenty-one days after such person or person.

shall.be appointed to succeed as aforesaid ; and in cafe of refusa.

or wilful negleet.in making and delivering any such register or

certifie.te as aforesaid, the said commissioners and their officers

are hereby respectively authorised to refuse such licence.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That if any person, whose Penalty of duty it shall be to keep such book or books of account as afore- on the said shall knowingly omit to make a proper entry in the book or jng fuCb books kept for that purpose of any undamped note, bill, or accounts for ticket aforesaid, iffiied, re-issued, or negociated by the hank or omitting to banking company licensed to issue the said undamped notes, ^tar^ed bills, or tickets, or (hall knowingly make any false entry in any note> or such book or books, or shall be guilty of any fraud or gross neg- making any left in his duty, every such person shall, fo offending, for every folk entry, such offence fors.it and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XVIII.  And be it further enacted, That every bank and Bankslicens.d banking company, fo to be licensed as aforesaid to ifiue notes,to ^ue bills, and tickets upon undamped paper, shall cause the words noteas^have

Vol, XLII.  Ee  '  41 Licens.d

certain words

on their houses, or in their offices, on penalty of 10I. and fors.iture of licence.

Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii 111. c. 107. [1798.

“Licens.dto issue Notes, Bills, and Tickets of Five Shillings each without Stamp” to be painted or written in large and legible characters either over the door or in some visible place either on the front of every house or in some conspicuous place within the fame, where the business of such bank or banking company shall be transacted, or such notes, bills, and tickets aforesaid (hall be issued, re-issued, or' paid, and which place (hall have been approved of by the (aid commilli.ne.s, or their officer appointed by them for that purpose; and if any bank or banking company (hall issue any such unstamped.notes, bills, or tickets as afore-said, without having fo painted or written and put up such words in manner herein-before directed, every such bank and banking company fo offending shall for every such offence fors.it and pay the sum of ten pounds, and the licence fo granted to such bank or banking company (hall be void to all intents and purpose s.

The bank or XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the royal the said bank of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland (hall be de-Undhna ^ITue ^irous ^umg an<^ re-ifsuing.notes in the nature of bank notes, unstamped.Ue payable to the bearer on demand, for sums of one pound or one notes for  pound and one (hilling sterling each or either of them, without

il. or one  the fame being (lamped as by this aft is directed, it (hall be

^ivin^bond  f°r theni to do, on giving security by bond to his Ma-

withCertain jest.> heirs and successors, in which bond two of the direc-conditions. tors of each of the said banks (hall be the obligors, together with such cassai.r or cash.ers, or accountant or accountants employ.d.by such banks as the said commissioners of (lamp duties (hall require, and such bonds (hall be taken in such reasonable, sums as the duties may amount unto during the period of one year, in manner before directed, with condition to enter or cause to be entered in books to be prepared for that purpose, an account of all unstamped.notes, bills, and tickets for sums of one pound or one pound and one (hilling resp.<5\ively, which (hall be, at any time or times after the said fir ft day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, issued by the said banks reste..ively, and from time to time and once at lead in every (ix months, and at all such other times as the fame (hall be required by the commissioners of (lamp duties, (hall exhibit to the barons of the exchequer in Scotland an account of the sums payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon such notes fo ihued.by them as aforesaid, and veris. the fame account before the said barons, upon the oaths of two directors of such banks re-fpest.vely, and of the said caffiier or cash.ers, accountant or accountants, or such of them as the said commissioners of stamp duties shall require; and (hall also cause payment to be made to such person or persons as the said commissioners (hall have authorised to receive the fame, of all such sums of money as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and on due performane. thereof such last.mentioned bond shall be void; and it shall be laws.l for the said commissioners to fix the times and places of making such payment, and to specify the

fame

4*9.'

1798.1 Anno regtii tricefimc n6no Georgii ‘III. 0*107.

fame in the condition to every such bond,' and to renew the fame from time to to time in the manner herein-before directed as to other bonds herein-before mentioned.

XX.  Provided always* and be it enabled. That it shall be The bank laws.l to and for the said bank of Scotland and royal bank of Scot- ^ank of Scot^ Idnd respec.ively, at their principal offices in Edinburgh or at any jand may

of their branches now edablilhed or which hereast.r may be issue their established, to re-issue.such notes of one pound or of one pound notes of one and one (billing as were in circulation previous to the said first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, p^or to upon keeping an account at Edinburgh of all such notes fo re- lf 1799, upon issued, and accounting for and paying the duty thereon, in the keeping an fame way and manner in all respects as if such notes fo re- ^count^and issued had not formerly been in circulation 5 and that for duly §uty"Sfore accounting for and paying such duties a stipulation (hall be in- which a ferted in the condition of the bond to be given by such banks stipulation respectively, and that all notes of five (hillings, of one pound, or of one pound and one (hilling, may be re-issued.from time to ^ond^. ^ time, provided they have been once subj.ffied to and paid or accounted for the duty hereby imposed.

XXI.  Provided also, and be it further enabled, That the At the time partner or partners, or agent or agents aforesaid, or cashier or of applying cash.ers, or one of them, with two sufficient sureties to be ap-

proved by the said commissioners or their officer to be appointed g;ven itl as aforesaid, (hall at the time of applying for such licence give sum as the or cause to be given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef- commissioners fors, in such sum as the said commissioners of (lamp duties or their officers as aforesaid may think fit and reasonable, fo as the fi^fors.l-fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duties hereby filling certain granted that will be payable from such bank or banking com- conditions, pany licensed under this a£f, within the period of one year from the date of such bond and during the continuance of such licence, with a condition that if such bank or banking company fo to be licensed as aforesaid (hall from time to time cause to be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose an account of all undamped notes, bills, and tickets aforesaid that (hall be issued, re issued, or negociated by such bank or banking company, and shall, from time to time and once at lead in every fix months, and at all .such.other times as the fame (hall be required by the said commissioners of (lamp duties or their officer to be appointed as aforesaid, cause to be transmitted to such commissioners, or deliver to such person as (hall be authorised by them as aforesaid, a full and accurate account of all the undamped notes, bills, and tickets aforesaid that (hall have been issued, re-issued, or negociated since the date of such bond, or since the lad account that shall have been transmitted to such commissioners, or delivered to such person authorised by them as aforesaid, or within such period of time as (hall be mentioned by such corn-mi shone.s or person authorised by them as aforesaid, and shall also well and truly cause payment to be made to such person or persons as the said commissioners (hall have authorised to re-

E e 2  ceive

420

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798,

ceive the fame, of all such futn and sums which shall from time to time grow due to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, such bond (hall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; and it (hall be laws.l for such commissioners to fix the times and

After Dec. i, 1799, no per-fons, excepting the directors of the bank or the royal bank of Scotland, or persons acting under them, or li-cens.d to sign or illue any undamped note.

Duties to be uiYder the management of the commissioners of damp duties.

Acts respec.-ing stamp duties, not hereby altered, to extend to this ad.

places of malting such payments, and to specify the fame in the condition to every such bond, and which shall be by two payments in the year at equal intery.ls, as nearly as may be; and every such bond may be required to be renewed from time to time at the disere.ion of the said commissioners or the major part of them, and as osten.as the fame (hall be.fors.ited, or the party or parties to the fame or any of them shall die, become bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in parts beyond the Teas.

XXII.  And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons, except the directors of the bank of Scotland and royal bank of Scotland^ and persons acting under them respectively in their banking business, according to the provisions of this aft, who, from and after the first day of December one thousand seven 'hundred and ninety-nine, shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, or shall first issue or re-issue.any bill of exchange, promis.ory note, or other note, bill, or ticket required to be stamped by this aft, without the fame being first duly marked or stamped with a proper mark or stamp, in the manner herein prese.ibed, or upon which there shall not be some mark or stamp resembling the fame, or without such person or persons shall aft therein by virtue of a licence granted for that purpose under the authority of this aft, (ball for every such offence fors.it and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

XXIII.  And be it further enacted, That for the better and more esse.tually levying and collecting the said duties hereinbefore granted, the fame (hall be under the care and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parclime.t, and paper; for which purpose they or the major part of them are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them, and to use and provide such stamps for the said several duties as shall be requisite in that belial., and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this aft into execution with relation to the said duties, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or the major part of them are authorised to put in execution any former law coneer.ing stamped vellum, parclime.t, and paper.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, and fors.itures, methods of recovering and distribution. of penalties and fors.itures, and allowane.s for present payments, and all other matters and things which, in and by any aft or afts of parhame.t relating to the duties on vellum, parclime.t, and paper, provided and established for raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the duties thereby granted or referred to, or any of them, and not hereby altered, shall be of full force and esse.t with relation to

the

1798O Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii HI, e. 108.  42*

the duties hereby imposed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and fe* curing the fa id duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this a&, as fully and esse.tually to all intents and purposes as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enact.ed with relation to the said duties hereby imposed.

XXV.  And be it further ena£led, That if any person shall Perfons coirn-* counters.it or forge any {lamp or mark directed or allowed to be

used.by this a£t, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this totoiler death,

a<5l granted, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and

successors, of any of the said duties, or shall fraudulenti. use.

any (lamp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this a£l with

intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of

the said duties, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale any

vellum, parclime.t, or paper liable to the said duties with any

counters.it {lamp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be

counters.it, then every such person fo offending and being thereof

laws.lly convicted {hall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death

as in cases.of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXVI.  And be it further enabled, That the duties herein-Duties to be before granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of paid to the the receiver general for the time being of the duties on {lamped J^of^anT16* vellum, parclime.t, and paper, who shall pay the fame (the ne- duties,andby cessa.y charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame him into the being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time exchequer, and in such manner as the duties charged on ilamped vellum, parclime.t, and paper are directed to be paid, and the said.

money fo paid into the said receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XXVII.  Provided always, and be it further ena£led, That the Appropriation monies arising or to arise of the duty hereby granted, or of fo °f duties, much thereof as shall be sufficient, (hall be deemed an addition

made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the inere.sed charge occasioned by any loan made by virtue of any adl or a£ts passed in this session of parhame.t; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt dish.Ctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and tha»t there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said duties and paid into the said receipt (hall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parhame.t for the purpose of defraying such inere.sed charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from 3II other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CVIII,

An afl to amend and render more esse.tual several acts for the redemption and pur ehase.of the land tax%—[July 12, 1799*]

e e 3  WHEREAS

Corporations may fell the the fee Ample of estates to redeem the land tax not-withstanding.its having been redeemed by lessees, &c.

422  Anno regni trieefimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798.

Preamble*  ‘X'YT’HEREAS it is expect.ent to make further provifton for fa-

Vy cilitating the redemption of the land tax by archbifloops, hi-floopS) and other eccles.aJUcal persons, and by all corporations, and to remove doubts which have arse. resp.fling certain of the provisions of the several afls passed for the redemption of the land tax : be it theres.re enacted by the King’s mod excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be laws.l for all bodies politick or corporate, and companies, who, by the several a£ts passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty and in the present session of parhame.t for the redemption and pure.ase of land tax, are enabled to fell any of their manors, mefTuages, Jands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the purpose of railing money for the redemption or pure.ase of land tax, to fell and dispose of the fee simple and inheritance of any of their manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of any part or parts thereof, for the purpose of railing money for the redemption or pure.ase of land tax charged on any manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or on any part or parts thereof, not-withstanding.the land tax charged on the manors or other hereditaments fo proposed to be fold shall have be:n redeemed by the respective lelTees pr copyholders or customary tenants thereof, or other persons having interests therein, fo as such sale or [ales respectively be made by such direction and authority as is required by an a£f passed in the present session of parhame.t, intituled, An afl to amend and render more ejfeflual two afls, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majcjlf s reign and the present fejjion of parhame.t, for the redemption and pure.as.. of the land tax.

II.  And be it ena£ted. That when any manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments of or belonging to any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, which shall be fold for the purposes of this a£t or of the other a&s before mentioned, shall be either exelusive.y or in common with other rpanors, mef? fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments subj.tft to or charged with any yearly sum or Turns, stipend or stipends, or other prosi. pr emolument to or for the use of any re<5k>r, vicar, curate, or other person or persons, it (hall be laws.l for the said commis.

fioners appointed by virtue of the a<51 last before mentioned to corporations, .. 0  J,  .  .  c ,

fold to redeem direct how and m what manner and proportions, and out of what

the land tax. part or parts of the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, originally liable thereto, such sum or sums, fti-pend or stipends, or other prosi.s or emoluments as aforesaid, or any spec.fjc part or parts thereof, fhail respectively be paid or borne in future $ and in every such cafe, and from thenceforth the manors, mefTuages, lands, tenements, or other heredita? ments, or such specific part or parts thereof, by or out of which the fame shall be fo directed fo be paid or borne, shall be exelusive.y subject thereto, and to such powers and remedies for tfye ^ecoyery thereof as the law has provided for the recovery of rent

relerve<4

39 Geo. 3.

р.  21.

The commis.fioners appointed by 39 Geo. 3.

с.  fnall direis. how stipends shall be borne in future, which were charged upon eltates belonging to

179^*3 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgit III. c. 108.  423

reserved.on leases; any thing in the (aid last.mentioned a<Sl contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III.  And be it further enabled, That, for raising money for Corporation*

the purposes of this or of the ads before mentioned, it shall be HJ^Y enfran-r r  t  ?  ^  chile lands

laws.l for all such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, to Golden of

enfranchis. any messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments manors, fub-which are or (hall be holden by copy of court roll or other cuf-j^ to lease tomary tenure of any manor belonging to any such bodies poli-tick or corporate, or companies, whether such manor be subject t-on t£,t]ie to any lease or not, and also to fell and dispose of any heriots, court of chan* fee-farm rents, chies.rents, or quit rents, or other emoluments eery, or advantages issuing or payable from or in respect of any freehold, or copyhold, or customary manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or incident thereto and acer.ing theres.om, without any applie.tion to or direction of the court of chaneery.in regard thereto, any thing in the said ads to the contrary notwithstanding; such sales and enfranchis.ments never-theless.to be made by and under such direction and authority as is required by the said ad, intituled An oft to render more ejfest.al two afts, pojfed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign and the prese.zt fefion of parhame.t, for the redemption and pure.ase of the land tax: provided also, That in cafe any such manor (hall If such manor be under lease, it (hall be laws.l for the commissioners appointed he under lease, under the authority of the said last.mentioned ad to sett.e and fi0nereunder adjust all questions that may arise between any such body poli- 39 Qeo. 3. tick or corporate and company fo felling or enfranchis.ng as last c. ai. mentioned, and his or their lessee or lessees, or any cejluique trujl may sett.e all of such lessee or lessees, touching or coneer.ing any such en- ^ve^corDcT franchis.ment or sale, and to order and direct a recompence to rations an(j be reserved out of the pure.ase money to such lessee or lessees, lesse.s. and such person or persons (if any) as (hall or may be intereste.j or entitled as cefuique truss or otherwise under such lessee or lessees for any loss or injury that may occur to him, her, or them by any such sale or enfranchisement as aforesaid.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That, in order to raise money All persons for the purposes of the said ads, it (hall be laws.l for all and jriay fell every person or persons, in the manner and under the regulations h€riots> mentioned and contained therein, respectively to fell and dispos.

of any heriots, services, emoluments, or advantages issuing or payable to him, her, or them from or in respect of any freehold, or copyhold, or customary messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or incident thereto, or acer.ing theres.om.

V.  And be it further enacted, That it (hall be laws.l for any Freehold

such.bodies politick or corporate, or companies, by and under estates may

such.direction and authority as aforesaid, and also for all and be fold to

j  *  redeem trie

every person or persons who by the said ad herein-before men- ]anett.xon

tioned are enabled to fell any manors, messuages, lands, tene- them, and on

ments, or hereditaments, for the purpose of raising money for copyhold

the redemption of land-tax, subject to such regulations as by the fam<?

said.ads or any of them are directed and required, to fell and uses an(i con„

dispos. of any freehold manors or other hereditaments, for the trarywife.

S e 4  purpose

Where the land tax

corporations is pure.ased by them, the amount to be a rent charge qn the lands.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Geo&gii III. c. io-8. [1798,

purpose.of raising money for the redemption or pure.ase not only of the land tax charged on such freehold manors and other here-* ditaments, but also of the land tax charged on any copyhold or cuftornary messuages or other hereditaments, provided such copy-hold or customary messuages or hereditaments be limited or lub-jest.to the fame uses with the freehold estates lb fold, save and except as to such variations. as may be occasioned by the differene. of the tenure *, and also to fell and dispose of any copyhold or customary inefTuages or other hereditaments for the purpqfe of redeeming the land tax charged thereon, and also on any freehold manors and other hereditaments, limited or subject to the fame uefs, save and except as aforesaid,

yir And be it further enacted, That where any land tax char cable on chargeable on any manors, meftuages, lands, tenements, or herein! on lease ditaments which are or (hall be holden by copy of court roll or belonging to other customary tenure of any manor or manors belonging to any body politick or corporate, or company as aforesaid, by virtue of any lease or leases, shall be redeemed or pure.ased by any such body politick or corporate, or company, under the powers contained in any of the before-mentioned afts or this aft, the amount of the land tax fo redeemed or pure.ased shall be considered as rent reserved to such body politick or corporate, or company as aforesaid, out of such copyhold or customary manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and be payable on the fame days as such land tax was payable before the redemption thereof; and the fame powers shall be had, used, and enjoyed for the recovery thereof as for the recovery of rent in arrear.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That where part only of divers manors, messuages,' lands, tenements, or hereditaments which may have been usually demised together by any such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, by one lease, upon which an entire ancient and accustomed rent or rents hath or have been reserved or made payable, shall be fold for any of the purposes of this aft or of the before-mentioned afts, it shall be feryed, shall be laws.l for the said commis.toners appointed as aforesaid to apppr-fold, the com- tjon such ancient rent or rents, and to sett.e and adjust the propor-under^Geo ^on t^iereo^ which shall from thenceforth be paid or payable in ' "* respect of such of the manors and other hereditaments comprized in the said lease, tvhich shall not be fold for the purposes aforesaid ; or to sett.e out of what part or parts of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments liable thereto, the whole of such rent or rents, if the nature of the reservation will whole shall be not admit of apportionment, shall be reserved or paid in future ; p^id it the re- ancj jn ajj leases which shall thereast.r be granted of such last.no^admVof menti°ned manors and other hereditaments the sum or other article or thing which shall have been fo sett.ed and apportioned shall be the rent to be reserved thereon; any law to the contrary fiotwithstanding.

VIII.  And be it enacted, That where the reversion of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments holden under any such body politick or corporate, or company

as

Where part of lands usually demited in one lease by any corporation, upon which an entire rent hath been re-

3. c. ai, ihall apportion it amongst the parts unfold, or out of -which the

apportion-

ment.

Where the

tgverst.n of lands holden pnder any

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108.  425

as aforesaid, by virtue of any lease,for one or more life or lives, corporation or for years absolute or determinable on the dropping of one or more life or lives, or by copy of court roll or customary tenure to any sett.e-for life or Jives, shall be pure.ased under the powers of this adt ment, shall be or of any of .the acts before mentioned, by or with the proper pure.ased by monies of the person or persons for the time being beneficially ^titled*to the entitled to the rents and prosi.s thereof, and where such lease or rents but not leases (hall be subject to any will or settlement, fo that such to the abfo-person.or persons shall not, at the time of pure.asing the said lute interect: reversion thereof, be entitled to the absolute interest under such lease or leases, then and in every such cafe the said reversion reversion shall be sett.ed under the direction of the said commilTioners (hall be sett.ed appointed under the said last.mentioned adt, fo and in such man- by the com-ner as that the amount of the money paid for the pure.ase mifiion^un-thereof, with laws.l-interect, may be a charge on such reversion  fQ  that*

for the benefit of the person or persons advane.ng the fame, his, the pure.ase her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns; and that money and subject thereto the fee simple of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or other other hereditaments {hall be sett.ed under hereon for the like direction, for the benefit of the person or persons fo the benefit of pure.asing the fame, and of such other persons as would have such pure.a-been entitled under such will or settlement to the benefit of any fer> &c* renewed lease or leases for the time being, and fo as to be enjoyed by them for such respective estates and interests as, con-fidering the aiteration.of the tenure, shall appear to the said commis.ioners most correspondent with the intention of such will or settlement; provided, that it shall be laws.l for the said commis.ioners to direct an applie.tion to be made to the court of chaneery, in a summary way, for obtaining direction as to the mode of settling any such reversion where the cafe shall appear to them to be attended with difficulty.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That it shall be laws.l for any Corporations, bodies politick or corporate, or companies as aforesaid, by and by authority^ under the direction and authority of the commis.ioners appointed  imder*

under the said last.mentioned adt, to contract and agree with 39 Geo. 3. their respective lessees and tenants holding under any demise by c. »i. may copy of court roll or otherwise, who shall, under the powers agree with the contained in the said acts before mentioned, or any of them, ^^ftsfor have redeemed or pure.ased the land tax charged upon the asti.rnment8 manors or other hereditaments comprized in such demiles re- of land tax sped.ively, for an asti.nment to such bodies politick or corporate, redeemed by or companies, of the land tax which shall have been fo redeemed ^rdias.n ^ or pure.ased by their respective lessees or tenants, and for the jnay execute purpose of raising money to pure.ase the assignment thereof, to the like carry into execution all and every or any of the powers which, powers as for under and by virtue of the said acts or any of them, or this adt, to\^eem°thJ are or (hall be vested in them, for raising money by sale of any land tax in the manors or other hereditaments, for the purpose of redeeming or firit instane., pure.asing any land tax, in the first instane., and the monies raised for pure.asing such assignment, or fo much thereof as (hall be requisite for pure.asing the fame, shall and may, under the

order

#

426 Anno regn! tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798

order of the said commissioners appointed under the great Teal, be paid to the person or persons assigning the fame, whose receipt or receipts in pursuance of such order (hall be a sufficient discharge for such monies, and the remainder (if any) of such monies (hall be paid into the bank of England to the fame account, and be applied in the fame manner, and the cash.ers of the bank, or one of them, are or is hereby required to give such receipts for the fame, as if the whole pure.ase monies for such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments had been paid into the bank of England.

X. And be it further enabled, That where any manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments {hall belong to or

Perfonal property inverted in the funds,

&c. to be laid stand limited to the use or for the benefit of any bodies politick ^ or corporate, or companies, and any personal property which now is or (hall hereast.r be inverted in the publick flocks or funds, or placed out on any mortgage or other security, either in the names of such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or in the name or names of any trustee or trustees, or of the officer or officers of any court, (hall be subject to any trust.

out in the pure.ase of lands for the benefit of any corporation may be applied, with the con-sent.of the

commis.ioners to be laid out in the pure.ase of other manors, messuages, lands.

under the great sea., in the redemption of land tax, charged on estates belonging to such corporation, and if in sufficient to redeem the whole, may raise money for that pur-

For money inverted in the three per

tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed or limited to the use or for the benefit of such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, then and in such cafe it (hall be laws.l for such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or for such trustees or officers respectively, with the consent and approbation of the said com mi ffi oners appointed under his Majesty’s great sea., (such.consent and approbation to be certified under the hands of any two or more of them,) to apply such personal property in or towards the redemption of the land tax charged upon the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, and when any such personal property (hall be under the direction or control of any court, the fame {hall be fo applied under the order of such court, such order to be made upon the production of such certifie.te of the said commissioners as aforesaid ; and such land tax, when all the instalments {hall be completed, {hall fink and become merged in the fame manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the benefit of the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, respectively entitled thereto; and in cafe such personal property (hall be ineffie.ent for the redemption of the whole land tax charged upon such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it {hall be laws.l for such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, to use and exereis. all and every the powers given to or veiled in therp in and by the said ads herein-before mentioned, or any of them, or this adf, in order to raise money for the redemption of fa much of the land tax charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as such personal property {hall be insufficient to redeem.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any money arising from the sale of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, ar

here*

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 1IL c. ro8.

hereditaments shall not have been or (hall not be paid into the bank of England pursuant to the directions of the said a&s, but (hall have been or (hall be laid out and invested in the pure.ase of three pounds per centum bank annuities, transferred or for the purpose of being transferred to the cornmishone.s for the reduction of the national debt, as the consideration for the redemption or pure.ase of any land tax chargeable on any manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to any per-fon or perform, bodies politick or corporate, or companies, by whom such firs.-mentioned manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments (hall have been or be hereast.r fold, then and in such cafe the cornmishone.s for the reduClion of the national debt or any one or more of them (hall, and they are hereby autho-rifed and required to accept and receive the transfer of such three pounds per centum bank annuities, and to grant to any pur-chas.r or pure.asers of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, his, her, or their agent or agents, a certifie.te under his or their hand or hands of the amount of

4*/

cents, trans.ferred to the cornmishone.s for the reduction of the national debt as the pure.ase of any land tax, the commis.fioners shall grant to the. pure.asers of the lands a certifie.te of the amount of the transfer, on production of which at the bank a receipt (hall be given.

three pounds per centum bank annuities which (hall have been or (hall be fo.transferred to them as aforesaid, and upon the production of such certifie.te to any of the cash.ers of the bank of England he or they (ball and is or are hereby required to give to any such pure.aser or pure.asers such receipt or receipts as by the said a&s or any of them is or are required to be given, as well for any monies which (hall have been or shall be fo in-veste. as aforesaid, as for any other monies which may have been or may be paid by him, her, or them, into the bank of England in the manner required by the said a&s or any of them.

XII.  And be it further enaCled, That the cash.ers of the Bank to give bank of England (hall and they are hereby required from time to receiJPts for time to receive all monies tendered at the bank which shall have ^ornsale. ^ arisen or (hall arise from any sale, mortgage, or grant which hath made for the been or (hall be made for the redemption or pure.ase of land tax, redemption of which money (hall, at the request of the bodies politick or cor- ^ce^tc/the* porate, or companies, person or persons on whose account the account^of the fame (hall be paid in, be placed to the account of the commis. cornmishone.s fioners for the reduction of the national debt, and forthwith in- for reduction veiled in the pure.ase of three pounds per centum bank annuities

in the names of the cornmishone.s for the reduction of the no ContraC? national debt, although no contract for redemption or pure.ase for such re -of land tax, or deed of sale, mortgage, or grant, (hall have been demption shall.

'  9  O Cy J  9  1  1  .  *

completed at the time of paying such monies into their hands ; ^completed,

and the said ca(hiers afterwards, upon the production of any such

contract.or contracts, and deed or deeds, from time to time (hall

and they are hereby required to acknowledge the transfer of the

flock fo pure.ased, or any part thereof.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That where any manors. The money messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall have been or f”

fjaall be fold for the purpose of reimbursing any sums of money reimburs.ng^ before laid out in the redemption or^pure.as. of any land tax, any sums be-or Qf paying off any fun^s ^orrovyec} for that purpose, or for the fore laid out

purpose.intheredemp*

428 Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798.

tion of land tax or pur-chas. of alignment of any contract shall, under the order of the com miffi oners authorising.he fate, be paid to the persons entitled to the benefit thereof.

purpose.of pure.as.g the assignment of any contract or contracts for land tax, the sum or sums to arise from such sale or Tales, or fo much thereof as shall be requisite for reimbursing or paying off any such sums of money fo before laid out or borrowed, or for pure.as.g the alignment of any such contract or contracts, shall not be paid into the bank of England\ but shall, under the order of the respective commissioners who (hall have authorised such sale, be paid to the person or persons entitled to the benefit thereof, whose receipt or receipts, in pursuance of such order, shall as fully and esse.tually discharge the pure.aser or pure.asers of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as the receipt of the cashier of the bank of Eng-land would have done in cafe the fame had been paid into the bank pursuant to the directions of the former ads, and the remainder (if any) of such sum or sums fo arising from such sale or sales shall, In pursuance of such order, be paid into the bank of England to the fame account, and be applied in the fame manner, and the cash.ers of the bank, or one of them, are or is

hereby required to give a receipt for the fame, and to cause the fame to be inverted in the pure.ase of three pounds per centum bank annuities, as if the whole pure.ase money for such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments had been paid into the bank of England in pursuance of the said ads.

Where money XiV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all has been im- cases.where any money hath been paid into the bank of England m^the^bank to P^acec^ to ^ie account °f the commissioners for the reduc-to be placed to tlon °f national debt, as the whole or part of the pure.ase the account of money for any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-the commis. ditaments fold or contracted for to be fold by any bodies politick mTudtionVf16 or corPorate> or companies, either with or without the direction the national ar)d approbation of the said commissioners appointed under the debt, thee.ra- great sea., or by any person or persons other than bodies politick, missioner. corporate, or companies, as the cafe may be, and it shall appear or to satisfaction of the said commissioners appointed under the the commis.  great sea.,  or  of  the commissioners  for the assai.s of taxes re-

fioners of taxes sped.vely,  as  the  cafe may be, that  such money ought not to

relpedlively,  have been  fo  paid, then and in all  such cases.it shall be laws.l

bank^tefre  t0 anc^ ^or  commissioners appointed under the great sea.,

it. re?ay by writing under their hands, or the hands of any two of them, and to and for the said commissioners for the assai.s of taxes re-

sped.vely, to order and direct the governor and company of the bank of E?igland, and such governor and company are hereby required to repay all such monies to the person and persons who shall appear to have paid the fame into the bank*, and in all cases.where such money shall have been already inverted in the pure.ase of three pounds per centum bank annuities in the names of the com-s rniffioners for the reduction of the national debt, upon a certifie.te signed by any two or more of the said commissioners appointed under the great sea., or by the said commissioners for the assai.s of taxes, as the cafe may be, that such money ought not to have been fo inverted, it shall be laws.l to and for the said.

1798*] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108.  429

commis.ioners for the reduction of the national debt, or any one or more of them, and they are hereby required to transfer the frock which has been fo bought by or transferred to them to the person or persons who (hall have paid such money into bank, and with which money such frock had been fo pure.ased, and the receipt and receipts of such person and persons shall be fufHcient discharges for such monies or frock.

XV.  And be it further ena£ted, That where any manors, Where the

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to any money arising .  ... ,  5  7  •  n 11 1 ?ij „  •/  from the tale

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, ihall be (old to raise Qc ]an(jg be.

money for the redemption of land tax, and it {hall afterwards longing to any

appear that the money arising from such sale or sales shall not be corporation

fuss.cient to redeem the whole of the land tax charged on the

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belong- rec{eern t^c

ing to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, but that whole of

such.bodies politick or corporate, or companies, are willing and the land tax,

delirous to pay into the bank such further sum or sums as may the hank^

be necessary to make up the whole of the money requisite to re- mone^ offered

deem such land tax, then it (hall be laws.l for the cashier or to make up

Cafhiers of the bank of England, and they are hereby required the deficiency.

to give a receipt or receipts for all such sum or sums as may be

offered to be paid to them to make up such deficiencies, and to

apply such monies for the purpose or purposes of completing such

redemption.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That where any trufrs, Where part oT mortgages, liens, or incumbrances (hall equally asse.t or be a j.ands are fold charge upon divers manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or tfle ian(j tax* Other hereditaments, part whereof shall be proposed to be fold on the whole, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax chargeable on the equally asse.t-manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo equally

subject.and liable to such trufrs, mortgages, liens, or incum- chaneery, and brances, then and in such cafe it shall be laws.l for the court of of session re-chaneery.in England and the court of session in Scotland\ if such fpe&ively, courts respectively shall be satisfied that such of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as shall not be ^conveyed, proposed to be fold for the purposes aforesaid, shall be a sufficient freed from iecurity for the object of such trufrs, or for the payment of such tech trusts; mortgages, liens, or other incumbrances, to order and direct that ^ ^£h°do such of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here* not equally ° ditaments, as shall be fold for the purposes aforesaid, shall be afFe<5t the conveyed to the pure.aser or pure.asers thereof, freed and dif- whole of the charged from such trufrs, mortgages, charges, liens, and other iands* incumbrances as aforesaid, and tech pure.aser or pure.asers shall, after the inrolment or registe.y of the conveyance or conveyances made under such order or direction as aforesaid, hold and enjoy the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments pure.ased by him, her, or them, freed and absolutely dif- • charged theres.om.

XVII.  Provided always. That nothing in this a61 or in any Applie.tion of such order or direction as aforesaid contained shall extend or be from sale.1* ng

con- under the di-

43d Annoregnitricesimo.n6no Georgii III. c. 108. [1798.

region of the construed to extend to discharge the manors, messuages, lands, courti.  tenements,  or  hereditaments,  which  (hall be fo fold for the pur-

poses.aforesaid, from any trusts, mortgages, liens, or incumbrances which lhall not equally asse.t or be a charge upon the whole of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, the land tax of which (hall be redeemed by the monies arising from the sale of apart thereof; but all sue. last.mentioned trusts, mortgages, liens, and other incumbrances (hall remain and continue chargeable upon the manors and other hereditaments, which shall be fold in the fame manner as if this acct had not been palied, and the monies to arise from such Tales (hall, under the direction of the said courts respectively, be applied in the fame manner in or towards the redemption of land tax, as by the said acct. herein-before mentioned and this a£l is directed 5 and if there (hall be any surplus the fame (hall, under the like direction, be applied in or towards the discharge of such firs.-mentioned mortgages, liens, or incumbrances, or othersife be laid out and inverted in the pure.ase of other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which (hall be limited for and upon the like uses,. trusts, intents, and purposes, and subject to the fame incumbrances as the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which (hall be fo fold stood limited.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled, That all bodies corporate ' and politick, companies, and persons in the said recited acct. mentioned, who by the said adls or any of them are empowered to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged on any

Corporations, &c. empower, ed by recited atts to contract for redemption of land tax in prese.ence to others, to have the like prese.ence until Dec 1799-

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments of which

they (hall be in poss.ssion, or to the rents or prosi.s of which they (hall be beneficially entitled, or in which they (hall have any estate or interest in remainder, reversion, or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of entail (hall be entitled in their order to succeed thereto, in prese.ence to any other bodies, corporations, or companies, or other persons whatsoever not having an estate interest therein, and the respective committees, curators,

or

tutors, guardians, or trustees of such persons on their belial., shall have and be entitled to such and the like benefit of prese.ence in the redemption of such land tax over such bodies, corporations, companies, or persons, from and after the said twenty-fist. day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until and upon the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XIX.  And be it further enaCled, That where any bodies politick or corporate, or companies as aforesaid, shall have entered or lhall hereast.r enter into any treaty for the sale of any of their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purposes of this a<fl and of the said a£ts before mentioned, or (hall have made or shall hereast.r make any applie.tion to the said commis.joners appointed by his Majesty under the great sea., a^erhficate^ ^°r t^ie^r ^*an^on anc^ approbation of any sale for the purposes thatdiligene. afore^a^, and shall obtain a certifie.te under the hands of any is used by two of the fame commissioners, that in their opinion such bodies

politick

Where corporations have treated for sale of lands, or on applie.tion to the commis.hone.s under the great sea.

1798.^1 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109.  43*

politick or corporate, or companies, are proceeding or intend to them for proceed bona fide and with reasonable diligene. to carry into ex-  C

ecution any such sale for the purposes aforesaid, (which certifi- may coutract.cate (hall specify for what period of time the fame (half run and for the reoperate), it (hall be laws.l for such bodies politick and corpo- demption of rate, or companies, during the continuance of such period, (not-  a

withstanding.any thing in any of the said a£ts contained to the lj99t jn pre-J contrary), to contract and agree for the redemption of the land ferene. to tax charged on their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or others, not-hereditaments, at any time after the said twenty-fist. day,of June, in prese.ence to any person or persons, bodies politick or gjven notioc corporate, or companies, having or holding such manors, mef- of intention fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments under any demise to redeem it. made by copy of court roll or other wife, by such firs.- mentioned bodies politick or corporate, or companies, for lives, or any term or terms for years determinable on lives, or for years absolute, notwithstanding the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or companies, having or holding such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments under any such demise {hall have given notice of their intention to redeem such land tax: Corporations provided always, That such bodies politick and corporate, or companies, hereby enabled to contract, with such prese.ence as to produce aforesaid, shall produce such certifie.te as aforesaid to the com- such certifi-mifiioners appointed under the King’s sign manual for the cate to. the county where the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here- g^undef11" ditaments, the land tax whereof shall be proposed to be redeem- the King’s ed shall be situa.e.  '  sign manual.

XX.  And be it further enacted, That all and every the pro- This a& and visions of this adf, (hall in the execurion of the above-mentioned recited a&s to acts, be used and applied and construed in like manner as if the he construed fame provisions were specially enacted in the said acfs; and all  as

and every the provisions of the said acts, in the execution of this adf, except where the fame are hereby expressly varied, (hall be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner as if the fame provisions (except as aforesaid. were specially enacted in this adt.

CAP. CIX.

An act for better recruiting the foroes.of the East India company.—

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the united company of mereliant. of England Preamble.

tracting.to the East Indies are by law entitled to maintain and keep up, and at their own cojls and charges do maintain and keep up> a military force in their settlements abroad., for the defence and protection ’ of the territorial aequi.etions and revenues of which they are in posse.s.on, and for the defence and protection of their trade; and by an a Cl of parhame.t made in the twenty-firs. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intiuled, An adt for estab.flhing an agree- 2 Geo. 3. ment with the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.c»

to

43 2

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. [1798.

to the Eafi Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for the use of the publick, in full discharge and satisfaction of all claims and demands of the publick, from the time the bond debt Of the said company was reduced to one miilion.five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in respect. of the territorial aequi.itions and revenues lately obtained in the Eafi Indies; and also for securing to the publick in respect thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and prosi.s of the said company; and for granting to the said company, for a further term, the foie and exclu-five trade to and from the Eafi Indies, and limits therein men~ tioned ; and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the assai.s of the said company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the militiary foroes.of the said company; certain regulations are eft ablished.for the said company's raising recruits in Great Britain, but no provifim is made, by virtue of which such recruits can be trained, arrayed, exereis.d, or disc.^ plined, during their abode in this kingdom, or whereby they can be subj.fled to military law previous to their embarkation fory and during their pafidgey to the place where the said united company are entitled to maintain and keep such militia force: and whereas it is expect.ent that his A4ajessy.s officers should be authorised in certain cases.to enlif recruits for service, either in his Majefy's troops or in the foroes.of the said united company, as his Majesty /ball think fit to direct; and that all recruits fo raised and transferred over to, or enlisle. by officers in the service of the said united company, Jhould be trained, arrayed, exereis.d, and disciplined in the use of arms, previous to their departure for places abroad; and that they Jhould be subj.fied to military law during their abode in this kingdom, and during their pajsage.toy and before their arrival at such places: may it theres.re please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacded by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and con-sent.of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it {ball and may be laws.l to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to order and cause such of his officers as he shall fee fit, to levy, enlist, and raise such number of men as from time to time his Majesty (hall think fit, for the special purpose 8^n "°f Irving *n the Eafi Indies, either in his Majesty’s troops, or in

His Majesty may order 'Officers to levy men to serve in the

his Majesty’s troops or the company’s foroes, who shall take the following

the foroes.of the said united company; and that the recruits to be raised for such special purpose, instead of taking the oath of fidelity appointed to be taken by the rules and articles for the better government of all his Majesty’s foroes, shall take the fol-» lowing oath; (that is to fay),

©ath;  c  T  A.  B. being enlisted to serve either in his Majesty’s troops

X or in the foroes.of the Eafi India company, according as his Majesty shall think fit, do swear, That I will bear true allegiance to our sovereign lord King George^ and that I will, as in iny duty bound, defend him in his person, crown, and dignity,

against.

433

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109.

against.all his enemies; and that fo long as I shall remain in his Majesty’s service, I will duly observe and obey his Majesty’s orders, and the orders of the generals and officers fet over me by his Majesty ; and that if his Majefiy (hall please to appoint me to serve in the foroes.of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, then I (wear that I will also be true to the said united company, and will duly observe and obey all their orders, and the orders of their generals and officers, who shall be laws.lly fet over me.

of the court of directors may csuse.recruits to be

IT. And be it further enacted, That on such recruits being which carried before a justice 6f the peace, in pursuance of an a<5T, juffices^are palTed in the present session of parhame.t, intituled, An all for j^stead.f the punishing mutiny and desert.oh, and for the better payment of the oath pre-army and their quarters, or in pursuance of any a61 hereast.r to be feribed by the palied.for the fame purposes, such justice shall tender and admi- articles ot niste. such oath as is herein-before mentioned, instead of the war’ oath prese.ibed by the said articles, of war; and the fame (if taken by such recruits) (hall be fo ex pressed in the certifie.te to be given by such justice, in the form required by the said a<51.

III.  And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be law- His Majesty

ful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, upon the pe- ori petition tition of the court of directors of the said united company, to cause fo many recruits or soidlers, who (hall have been raised by his Majesty’s officers for the special purpose herein-before mentioned, as the said court of directors shall petition for, and as transferred td his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, (hall fee fit to grant, to be  ^r^^n°y

transferred over to the service of the said united company, which  *

transfer shall be made by such recruits or soidlers.being delivered

over by such officer in his Majesty’s service, who (hall have the command of them, at such place as his Majesty (hall think proper to appoint, to such person or persons as the said court of directors (hall appoint to receive them.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enact.ed, That the said united Company not company shall not be obliged to receive into their service any °bliged to recruit or soldier who shall be an invalid, or who shall have any vaiids. bodily infirmity.

V.  And be it further enacted, That the said united company Company to

{hall pay unto luch person or persons, for the use of his Majesty,  in

as shall be appointed for that purpose in writing by the commis. agreed upon fioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or any three or more of them,- for such re-or by the lord high vreasur.r for the time being* such sum and emits, and

sums.of money as from time to time shall be agreed upon tween one of his Majesty*$ principal seer.taries of Irate on belial. of his Majesty, and the said court of directors, to re-imburs. the expence of railing such recruits and soidlers.as shall be trans.ferred into the service of the said United company in manner herein-before mentioned; and that, over and above such sum, the said united company (hall in like manner pay to such person or persons as aforelaid, the costs of the subsistence of each recruit, from the time of his enlist.iient to the time of his being Vol. XLII.  F  f  delivered

their fubiilienee from enlist.ent;

434 Anno reghi tricesimo noho Georgii Itl. c. 169. [1798.

delivered over to the said united company, as herein-before mentioned.

Company VI. And be it further enacted. That the said united company men cnlisted. and  may deposit, keep, maintain, pay, train, and exereis..

under recited in the use of arms, such men as they may from time to time a£t, and enlist and engage in their service, under and by virtue of the au-

u^de^ Tds^ in t^or'ty t^Ye tai<^ a<^ °f twenty-firs. year of his Majesty’s Great BritaiiT re#,gn> anc^ ^uch men as &all be transferred over to their service Guernfey, or in manner herein-mentioned, in any of his Majesty’s garrisons, Jerse., and or at such other place or places within Great Britaint or the fWftr^be ^an<k Guernfey or Jerse., as shall be approved of by his Ma-i'bitAbroad. je^y 5 and that the said united company, or their court of di-recto.s, may from the men fo enlisted or transferred as aforesaid, make drafts of non-commis.ioned officers and soidlers, to be from time to time sent abroad in the said united company’s fer-vice, as they shall think proper and necessa.y.

Court of di- VII. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of raif-the^approba- receiving, keeping, training, and exereis.ng the men fo en-tion oj his listed.by licence from his Majesty as aforesaid, it (hall and may Majesty; may be laws.l for the court of directors of the said united company, appoint. with the approbation of his Majessy, signisi.d under the hand writ-h* commis *n§ one  Majesty’s principal seer.taries of (fate, to ap-

firms from his point, from and amongst such officers in the service of the said Majesty and united company, as may be in England, on furlough or by leave the company, 0f absene., from their duty in India, or who have retired from in^the'men"  the hnd company, and shall hold and have com-

out of whom miilion.from his Majesty as well as from the said united com-they may pany, one commanding officer, and such other commis.ioned appoint officers, of such ranks and with such commis.ions as shall be ferjean.., &c* neccft~ary for the training, exereis.ng, and disciplining such men fo enlisted or transferred as dforesaid, until they shall be sent abroad ; and that it shall also be laws.l for the said court of di-re<flors to appoint, from the number of men fo enlisted or transferred as aforesaid, such number of serjeants, corporals, drummers, and filers, as shall be necestar. for the fame purpose. Company not VIIJ Provided always, and be it enabled, That it shall not to enlist above be laws.l for the said united company to  enlist or have in pay at

nu^ibe^of  any oae t*rne’ or to tram or discipline at  any one time, by virtue

men nor °f fhis any toreacer number of non-commis.ioned officers and appoint more private men than two thousand, nor shall it be laws.l for the than the court of directors of the laid Company to appoint any greater aumber.of number of commis.ioned officers than the number of men to be comm'rf&oncd ^° ra‘^ a^d disciplined shall require; nor shall the officer fo ap-officers. pointed to command, or any other commis.ioned officer to be Officers not to appoin ted as aforesaid, be continued in the said appointment, or have any have any power or authority to command, train, or discipline power longer the said men fo enlisted, longer than he shall continue to hold coma comm'®on from his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflcrs ; and his from his  or their laid appointment, powers, authorities, and commands,

Majest..  shall cease and determine, and become  utterly void, from and

immediately after the said commission shall be reyoked, determined

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo.dno GeoUgii III. c. ldg.  435

mined, or otherwise made void by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-

cess.rs: provided also, That, from and after the palling of this Nomorethari

a 61, and until the twenty-fist. day of March one thou fan d eight nu^beros.

hundred, no greater number than three thousand of men en- men enlilted,

listed.for the special purpose aforesaid, and not transferred by his and nottrans.

Majest. to the service of the said company, (hall, at any one time, [erred, (hall

be maintained by his Majesty within this realm ; and that, from

and after the said day, no greater number of such men shall be realm,

fo maintained than shall be specially ineluded.within the pro-

visions.of such a6l or a6fs of parhame.t as may, from time to

time, be made and be in force for the punislimen. of mutiny and

desertion, or for the discipline and government of his Adajest.’s

foroes.in Great Britain.

IX.  Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall and Company, may be laws.l for the said company, with his Majesty’s appro-

bation fo signisi.d as aforesaid. to appoint such quarter matters, ^Majesty, paymatters, and other persons, as may be necestar. for disc.plin- may appoint ing and training, attending, and otherwise taking care of, the quarter said men fo enlisted and transferred, over and above the number master.> of commissioned officers herein-before mentioned, whether the said person shall be in their service or not.

X.  Provided also, and be it further enact.ed, That it shall not Rates of pay-be laws.l for the said united Company to pay of allow any greater tb allowed pay, or other sums, to the commis.ioned and non-committioned mjf^onecj and ttafF officers to be appointed to raise,-receive, train, exereis., non-commis.and discipline, the said men, than after the fates following; (that fioned, and is to fay), Not more than ten (billings per day to each captain, ftafF officers, not more than five (hillings per day to each subaltern officer*

over and above the pay, according to their rank, which they

(hall be entitled to during their being in this country on furlough

or leave of absene., or retired from their service ; nor more than

five (hillings per day to each quarter matter, one hundred and

twenty pounds per annum to each paymaster, two (hillings per

day to each serjeant, one (hilling and sixpence per day to each

corporal, five (hillings per day to each surgeon, and one hundred

pounds per annum to one chaplain; such last mentioned sums to

be the full allowane. to which in any cafe such officers (hall be

entitled (save.and except the regimental pay which such officers  *■

may be entitled to, according to their resp.es.ive ranks, and save.

and except such barrack allowane.s as are usual to be 'given to

officers in his Majesty’s service when quartered in barracks).

XI.  And be it further enacted. That the said pay fo to be Pay to he in

made to the said officers respectively as aforesaid, (hall be irt full  %

satisfaction.of all emoluments whatsoever; and that the clonth- andclc*athin \ ing for the said men, and all other things whatsoever,' necettary &c. to be^* to be provided for them, or for the place In which they (hall be provided ag deposited and kept, (hall be provided by the said united company* direct.rg upon the best terms, and in such manner as (hall appear to the

court of directors erf the said company to be best iuited to that purpose*

tfi  Xll. Ana

43 6

Officers and men to be fri 'ject to the commandants of garriions or barracks, and to partake in the duties.

Orders of the company to be given through such com inand-ants.

Deferters may be apprehended and confined as from his M.-jetty's service.

Perfons apprehending deserters to be entitled to fun!i reward only as the company may give.

Ahnoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. [1798;

XII.  And be it further enabled. That in cafe the said men fo to be enlisted into, or transferred over to the service of the said united company, (hall be deposited and kept at any of his Majesty’s garrisons or barracks, all such recruits and soidlers, and the commilfioned and non-commis.ioned officers having the command of, or being employ.d.in the training, exereis.ng, and arraying such recruits or soidlers, (hall at all times be subject to the command and orders of the commandant of such garrison or barracks, or in his absene. to the: senior officer in his Majesty’s service, or the officer for the time being commanding in such garrison or barracks; and that the commissioned and non-commis.ioned officers, to be appointed by the said united company to the command of, or for the training, exercifins;, or arraying such recruits as aforesaid, shall at all times partake in and perform the duties of any of his Majesty’s garrisons or barracks in which they may be stationed.

XIII.  And be it further enabled, That all orders which shall be given by the said united company, or their court of directors, to their officers fo llationed at any of his Majesty’s garrisons or barracks, (hall be given and pasted through the commandant or senior officer commanding at such garrisons or barracks.

XIV.  And be it further enabled, That if any perform who shall be enlisted and engaged by the said united company, under the authority of the said abt of the twenty-firs. year of his Ma-jest.’s reign, or who shall be transferred over to the service of the said united company as herein-mentioned, shall afterwards desert or be found wandering, or otherwise illegally ablenting himself from the service of the said united company, it shall and may be laws.l for any conliable, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place where any such person who may be reason.ably fufpebled to be a deserter shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended in the fame manner as if he were a deserter from his Majessy.s service; and every constable, head-borough, tythingman, jullice of the peace, or magis.rate, lhall have the fame power and authority, and proceed in the fame manner as he or they would have had, or as he or they would have proceeded in, if the person had been a deserter from his Majessy.s service 5 and every keeper of any gaol, house of cor-rebiion, or prison, to which such person shall be committed, shall be entitled to receive the full subsistence of such deserter, during the time he shall remain in their custody, for the maintenance of such defermr, and (hall receive and confine him or them in the fame manner as if he or they had been a deserter from his Majessy.s service.

XV.  Provided always, That nothing in this abl contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, 10 authorise any justice to pay cr caule to be paid any reward to any person or persons, who shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended any person or persons who (hall desert from the service of the East India company, nor shall the person or persons apprehending the fame be

entitled

 CjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109.  437

entitled to any other reward than the Eofl India company may voluntarily give for such apprehension.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That all such officers and Officers and

soldier. as shall be raised and enlisted by virtue of this ad (hall,

at all times and until their embarkation, be subject to all the to he subj.ff

provision. and regulations of the said aft, made in the presect.to t-he mutiny

ieffion of parhame.t, intituled. An aci for punishing mutiny and laws, amt

desertion, and fo'r the better payment of the army and their quarters, f/terwau??

1  •  J  c \ r J  -n  •  •  ,  the provnions

during the continuance of the lame ad: m Great Britain, and Qf Geo<

after the expiration thereof to such other ad or ads of parlia- c. 9. ment, provisions, and regulations, as .'hall from time to time be made and be in force for the discipline and government of his Majesty’s foroes.in Great Britain; and that, from and after their embarkation to go abioad to such places whereto they (hall be sent in the service of the (aid united company, all such officers and soidlers.shall be, and hereby are adjudged to be in the actual fet vice of the East India company within the meaning of an ad, palied.in the twenty-fe'venth year of the reign of his late ma-jest. King George the Second, intituled. An all for punishin. mutiny and desertion of officers and soidlers.in the service of the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the had: Indies, and for the punislimen. of offences committed in the Eafl Indies, or at the if and of Saint Helena ; and (hall, during their pasia.e, and during their continuance abroad in the service of the said united company, be subject to all the provisions and regulations of the said ad, and to all such provisions and regulations as officers and soidlers.in the pay of the said united company fhail from time to time be subject to at the settlement or place to which such officers and soidlers.shall be lent.

XVII.  Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained Ad not to shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable any officer,

civil or military, or any other person or persons whatsoever, to roe^ Upon c place, quarter, or billet, any (o’dier or soidlers.enlisted by or any person transferred to the said united company, upon any subject or in- without his habitant of this realm, of any degree, quality, or proses.ion consent. whatsoever, without his consent, or to demand from, or take from any person or persons, except by their own consent, any such provisions or allowane.s as are provided and allowed to soidlers.and officers in his Majefry’s service, by those upon whom they are quartered or billetted, or to compel or call upon any person or persons to provide carriages for them, their arms, cloaths, and accoutrements, when upon march, othenvile than by their own free will and consent.

XVIII.  And whereas for more esse.tually sup.rcffng mutiny and desertion, arid for the punislimen. of ether offences committed by officers and soidlers.in the service of the said united company, during the time of their being trained and dise.plined by virtue of this aft*, or by any of the officers or non-commis.ione. officers employ.d.on that service, it may be' neccjfary that his Maieffy Jhculd he enabled to convene courts martial, or to author!fe the feme to be convened, con-fif ing either in the whole or in part of officers in the service of the

He Dy 

438  1

His Majessy.may grant commiilions for holding general courts martial.

Regimental courts martial may be convened.

Offences com mitted after embarkation, may be tried on arrival at place of detonation.

Court of directors to tran I mi t a report of the puruber of men levied, See. to the fee ret ary of Hate and the commander jn chies.

Anno regni trlcefipno nono Georgii III. c. 109. [1798.

East.India company who hold commissions from his Majessy: be it enacted, That it (hall and may be laws.l for his Majessy.from time to time to grant a commission for the holding of general courts martial for the trial of offences committed by officers or soidlers.in the service of the said united company, during the time of their being fo employ.d. and trained and exereis.d under the authority of this aft, which courts martial may either consist of officers appointed to train and dise.pline the said men, or of such other officers in the service of the Eajl India company, holding com miilion. frt>m his Majessy, as may be in Great Britain upon furlough, or by leave of absene., or of officers in his Majesty’s service in Great Britain, or of Rich numbers and proportions of each, as to his Majessy.(hall seem meet; and sues. courts martial shall in all other respects be convened, and have the fame powers and authorities, and their sentences shall be carried into execution, as if they were courts martial respecting his Majesty’s foroes.

XIX.  And be it further enacted, That regimental courts martial, or courts martial to be composed of officers of different corps, with the fame powers as regimental courts martial, may be convened for enquiring into such disputes or criminal matters** as may come before them, touching any of the non-commis.fioned officers or soidlers.in the service of the said united company during the time of their being fo employ.d.and trained and .exereis.d.as aforesaid, and for awarding corporal or other punish.ments for small offences; and Rich courts martial shall be con-flituted and proceeded, and their sentences (hall be carried into execution in like manner as if they were courts martial respecting his Majesty-s foroes.

XX.  And for a [much as it may happen that offences may he com-mitted by the said officers and men after their embarkation, and before their arrival at their places of dejlination abroad, which nevertheless cannot be tried and pnnished.during their passage, in such manner as such offences ought to be tried andpunished; be it theres.re enacted,

‘ That in every such cafe, every Rich officer or soldier shall and

may, after his arrival at his place of destination abroad, be tried and punished for every offence committed after his embarkation, and before his arrival, in the fame manner as he would have been liable to be tried and punished if such offence had been committed in anv place where the offender could have been tried by any court martial held under the authority of the said aft, palied.in the twenty-seven.h year of his late Majesty’s reign.

XXL And be it further enacted. That the court of dires.or$ of the said united company shall, and they are hereby required and directed, twice in every year, to make out a report of the number of men levied and fublisted.by virtue of this aft, and of all the orders issued, and every other matter or thing done or di-reste. to be done by them in the execution of this aft, and to transmit one copy of the fame to one of his Majesty’s principal fe-cretaries of flare, and another to the commander in chies.of his Majesty’s foroes.

XXII. And

I79?J Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III, c. no. 439

XXII.  And be it further enabled. That this a61 (hall be deemed Pablick a6h to be a publick a#, and shall be taken notice of as suchf by alL judges ^nd justices ^homfoeyer, yvithout spec.^lly pleacting.the fame.

CAP. CX.

An $51 for the augmentation of the falars. of the judges of the courts in Weft min ft er Hall ^andalso.of thq lords ofsession, lords comm'ffioners of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in Scotland ; and for enr abltng his Majefy to grant annuities to persons in certain offices in the said courts of Vkf minster Hall, on their refgnaiion of their resp.ttive offices.—[July 12, 1799*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the salaries.f the masse. of the rolls, the chies.baron Preamble# of the court of exchequer, the puisne judges in the court of king3s bene., the puisne judges in the court of common pleas, and the barons of the coif in the court of exchequer, at Weftminster, are inadequate to the dignity and importance of their offices; and it is theres.re expect.ent that a further augmentation foould be made thereto, and that your Majefy Jhould be enabled to make proper proviso., from time to time, fors.ch 'person. as shall have diligently and uprightly conduced thems.hes in the execution of the office of chies.juf ice of the king9 s bene., masse. of the rolls, chies.u flic e of the common picas, chies.baron ofdhe exchequer, the juf ices of the courts of king’s bene. and common pleas, and barons of the coif in your Majefy’s court of exchequer, and for that purpose to grant annuities to the resp.fl.ive amounts, and for the periods here-in-after mentioned, to such officers resp.ctively; and also to make a coinpet ent and fitting proviso. for such persons as may hold the office of chanoel.or or keeper of the great sea. of Great Britain, in the event of their quitting or being removed from the said employment; we, your Majafty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parhame.t astem.led, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be ena£led ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led, and by the authority of the fame, That, An augmen-from and after the palling of this a6t, there (hall be iftued, paid, tation to be and payable, out of, and charged and chargeable upon,  ofAhe

consol.dated fund, (after paying and reserving fuflicient to pay all majter of the such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any for- rolls &c. to mer a61 or act. of parhame.t to be paid out of the fame; but be paid out of with prese.ence to all other payments which shall or may here-after be charged upon, or payable out of, the said fund), to the commencing several persons herein-after mentioned, as an augmentation of 10, 1799-their respect.ive friaries, fo much money as will make up their resp.6iive (alaries and pecuniary prosi.s belonging to their said jfefpest.ve offices, to the annual sums herein-after mentioned ; to the master of the rolls four.thous.tnd pounds, to the chies.baron ' •  '  -  V  f  4  ’  of

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii 111. c. no. [1798.

of the court of exchequer four thousand pounds, and to each of the puisne justices in the courts of king’s bene. and common pleas, and to each of the barons of the coif in the court of exchequer, three thousand pounds; which said sums of money to be issued in pursuance of this a6t (hall from time to time from thenceforth be payable and paid half yearly, free and clear from all taxes and deductions whatever, on the tenth day of October and the fist. day of April in each year, by even and equal portions, the first: payment thereupon to be made on the tenth day of Oftobir one thousand seven hundred and ninety.nine.

An account jj And be jt further enacted, That such officer of the matter and pecuniary  r0^s  anc^ chies.baron, and each of the puisne justices and

prosi.s of the barons of the coif respect.ively for the time being, as they (hall matter of the respectively appoint, (ball, as soon as conveniently may be after t^ie exPiratl°n of the half year ending on the twenty-ninth day to theatre a  SePtember onz \ho usand.seven hundred and ninety-nine, de-

fury at certain ^ver to the lord high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury periods. for the time being, an account, signed by fiich matter of the rolls, chies.baron, puisne justice, and baron respect.ively, of their clear salaries, after the deduction of all fees and taxes paid in respect thereof; and also of all fees and pecuniary prosi.s which (hall have been received, or were payable to them in respect of the execution of their said offices, either in their respective courts in IVcjhninJier Hall, or at the rolls, or at their respective chambers, in respect of any business depending in the said courts of king’s bene., common pleas, or exchequer, between the twenty-fist. day of March and the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and a like account (hall be delivered in like manner in every succeeding half year ending on the twenty-fist. day of March and the twenty-ninth day of Sep-. tember, of the salaries, fees, and pecuniary prosi.s, wine. shall have been received, or were payable to them in respect of their offices for the preceding half year aforesaid.

III.  And be it further enacted, That in whatever sums the whole amount which shall have been received, or were payable to any of the persons before mentioned, in relpect of their said offices, within the half year preceding the delivery of any such account-, shall be less than the clear sum of two thousand pounds

ro s an c ne *n resp.£i cf the fajj master of the rolls and chies.baron, or of one thousand five hundred pounds in respect of the said puisne judges and barons of the said courts, shall be the sums to be iffiued tor the half year in which the said account (hall be delivered, and shall be computed and 2fcertained fo as to make up the whole of their resp.es.ive salaries and pecuniary prosi.s to the half-yearly sums resp.flively.before mentioned; and such sums shall be issued accordingly in manner herein-after mentioned, and as if the sums fo to be aleer.ained had been specifically mentioned in this aeffi.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any person having the office of matter of the rolls, chies.baron, puisne justice, or baron of the coif, of any of the courts

The sums received half yearly to be made up 2000I. to the mailer of the

baton, and 1500I. to the puiine judges and barons resp.dtivdy.

In cafe of death or re-signa.ion, a proport i enable part of

aforesaid, shall die.

in the fame, the

executors or ad mu

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii HI. c. no, 441

administra.ors of the person fo dying, or the person fo resigning the said Aims the fame, (hall be entitled to such proportionable part of the clear salary and prosi.s of such office as aforesaid, as according to the ^  *

rates above mentioned (hall have acer.ed during the time that such person dial] have executed such office as aforesaid; and the proper officer of the fucceftor of every such person (hall, on the twenty-fist. day of March or twenty-fist. day of September, as the cafe may be, which shall be immediately subsequent to every such death or resignation, or as soon after as conveniently may be, deliver in such account as is hereinbefore required to be delivered, signed by such fucceftor, and also by his predecessor, or the executors or administrators of such predecessor, as the cafe may be; and such fuccetfor and his predecessor in cafe of resignation, and the executors or administrators of such predecessor in cafe of death shall be respect.ively entitled to and receive such proportionable part of such sum, as upon such account shall be due and payable by virtue of this act as aforesaid ; and in cafe such person fo dying or resigning shall have received, during such part of the half year in which such person (hall die or reftgn, more than a proportionable part of the clear salary and prosi.s of his office, according to the time during which such person shall have executed the fame, every such person fo resigning, and the executors or administrators of the person fo dying, (hall pay to the success.r$ of every such person fo much as the sums received (hall exceed the sums to which such officer (hall be entitled, according to the rates aforesaid.

V.  And be it further enact.ed, That the successor of every such SuccefTor to person fo dying or resigning (hall be entitled to have and receive receive AUa-from all persons whatsoever, such salaries and prosi.s as (hall arise.

and become due from the deaih or resignation of his predeceftor, (jeath or refig-in like manner as if his patent had borne date the day next fub- nation of his sequent to the day of the death or resignation of his predeceftor. predecess.r.

VI.  And be it further enaeste.. That it (hall be laws.l to and His Majelty for the King’s most excelien. majesty, his heirs and fucceft'ors, may grant to

,the lord ' chanoel.or or

by any letters patent under the great sea. of Great Britain, to giv and grant unto any perse. executing the office of lord high chan- keeper of cellor of Great Britain for the time being, or the office of keeper the great sea., of the great sea. of Great Britain, an annuity or yearly sum ofan annuity of money, not exceeding the sum of four thousand pounds, of law- ^nce^n001"" ful money ot Great Britain, to commence and take esse.ft imme- resignation, diateiy from and after the period whenever the person to whom payable quar-such.annuity or yearly sum of money (hall be granted shall re-^erly out of figrvthe said office of lord high chanoel.or or the office of keeper of the great sea. of Great Britain, or be removed from the fame ^ee fr0(n 8 respectively, and to continue Irom thenceforth for and during the taxes, natural life of the person to whom the fame shall be granted as aforesaid; and such annuity or yearly rent or sum (hall be ifiued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the confo-lidated fund, next in order of payment to, and after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, the (aid annuities herein-before granted, and all such sum and sums of money as have been directed by

any

44z Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. no. [179S.

any former or acts as aforesaid, but with prese.ence to all other payments hereast.r to be charged thereon as aforesaid. and the fame (hall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly* free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, at the four usual days of payment in the year, that is to fay, The fist. day of January, the fist. day of Aprils the fist. day of July, and the tenth day of October, in each apd every year, by even and equal portions, the first payment to be made on such of the said days as (hall next happen after such resignation as aforesaid of the said Scf ^mit^the 0^ce * Prov*ded always, That it (hall be laws.l for his Majesty, duration and heirs and successors, in and by the said letters patent, if he or payment of they lhall think fit, to limit the duration and payment of any • the annuity to such annuity, to be granted to any person executing the said office ^CtheCIar‘iS ^orc^  chanoel.or, or the office of keeper of the great sea.

shall.not hold °F ®reat Britain^ or any part of such annuity, to such periods of any office of  time during the natural life of such perlon in which he (hall not

prqfit.  execute the said office of lord high chanoel.or, or keeper of the

great sea. of Great Britain, or any other office of prosi. under hi? Majesty, his heirs or fucceftprs, fo as such annuity to be granted as aforesaid, together with the salary and prosi.s of such other office, (hall together not exceed in the whole the said sum of four thousand pounds.

VII.  And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be law-may grant fuj for pjs Majesty, hisWrs and successors, by any letters patent, ties to the " under the great sea. of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any chies.iuftice of person who may or shall have executed the office of chies.justice the king’s  of the court of king’s bene., and shall have resien.d the fame, an

bene., &c.  annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of three

thousand pounds; and to any person who may or shall have executed the office of mailer of the ro'ls, chies.justice of the common pleas, 6r chies.baron of 1 he exchequer, and who shall respectively have re~ signed the fame, an annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds; and to any person who may or (hall have exec uted the office of pois.e judge of the court of king’s bene. or comm m pleas, or of baron of the coif of the court of exchequer, and who shall have resigned the fame, an annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of two thousand pounds; the fai i several last mentioned annuities to commence from and alter the period when the person, to whom any such annuity or yearly sum of money (ball be gw rued as aforesaid, (hall have resigned his said office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural life of the person to whom the fame (hall be granted as aforesaid ; and every such annuity or yearly sum of money (hall be iftued and payable cut of, and charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund, next in order of payment to, and after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, the said several annuities herein-before granted, and all such sum or sums of money as have been directed by any former act or adfts of parhame.t to be paid out ot the fame, but vyith like prese.ence to all other payments as aforesaid; and the fame (hall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear

cf

His Majesty

©nrelignation, payable quaw terly out of the con soli.ted fund, free from taxes.

1798.] Anno regni trlcefimo nono Georgii III. c. 110.  443

of all taxes and deductions whatever, on the four usual days of

payment in the year before-mentioned, in each and every year,

by even and equal portions, the first payment thereof to be made

on such of the said days as shall next happen after such resigna.

tion as aforesaid of the person to whom any such annuity or

yearly sum of money shall be granted: provided always, That no No such grant.

such.annuity or yearly sum of money, granted to any person hav- unless.he

ing executed the office of chies.justice, master of the rolls, chies.party shall.

baron, justice, or baron of the coif, of the said courts respect.ively, have conti-

shall.be valid, unless such chies.justice, master of the rolls, chies.nue,d in office

baron, justice, or baron respectively, shall have continued in one ^aj^b^unable

or more of the said last.mentioned offices for the period of fist.en to execute the

years, or (hall be asst.dled with some permanent infirmity, dif-office.

abling him from the due execution of his office, which (hall be

dist.ndlly recited in the said grant.

VIII.  And be it further enacted. That it shall be laws.l for the The treasury commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury now being, and the high ^edt*1* treasurer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and commis. the auditor of fioners of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more the exchequer of them, and they are hereby autftorifed and required, by warrantt0 Pa*f deben-under their hands, to direcSl the auditor of the receipt of the ex- ofthe^** chequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass de- annuities, bentures, from time to time, for the paying the said several an-without fees, nuities or films of money, in manner as aforesaid, which shall become payable by virtue of any such letters patent as aforesaid, or

which shall have been aseer.ained to be payable upon such account, as is herein-before directed to be delivered, and as the fame (hall, from time to time, become due and payable, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the lame, or any part thereof; which said warrants and debentures, to be made forth and palied.thereupon respectively, (hall be sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of all such annuities or sums of money at the respective days in this act before appointed for such payments, without any further or other warrants to be sued for, had, or obtained in that belial..

IX.  And be it further enacted, That after signing of any such Warrants not

warrants or debentures respectively, the fame shall be good, valid, determinable v . rr a 1 • i  j-  ,  ’1  , j * &  •  on the death

and esse.tual in law, according to the purport and true meaning of^ jyiajest.?

thereof, and of this adl, and (hall not be determinable or revocable &c. by or upon the demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve., or any of his heirs or fuccelTors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the said commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or under treasurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

X.  And be it further enacted, That the commissioners of the The treasury treasury now being, and the high treasurer, chanoel.or, and under que/todo,

'treasurer, chamberlains, and barons of the exchequer, and all without fee, others the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, and all things of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, (hall, and they herein direct.-•  ■  -  aree

The receipts of the annuitants to be sufficient dif-th^rges.

If the officers

of the exchequer neglect.to pay the annuities, they may be sued.

Annoregni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. no. [1798.

are hereby authorised, and ftriblly enjoined and required to do? 4 without fee or reward, all such a£is, matters and things, as are herein before directed and required, or (hall be necelTary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this abl,. and the several payments hereby directed esse.tual.

XI.  J\nd be it further enabled, That the aequi.tance or aequi.tances, receipt or receipts, of the laid matter of the rolls, the chies.baron of the court of exchequer, the puisne judges of the court of king’s bene. and common pleas, and barons of the coif of the court of exchequer resp.blively, and of all persons who (hall have served in any of the offices before-mentioned, and to whom any such annuities or sums of money shall have been granted as aforesaid, (hall be good and sufficient dise.arges frorq the payment of the laid sums of money and annuities respectively before-mentioned, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or obtained in that belial.; and that the said several annuities or sums of money, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other charges wbats.-ever; and in cafe any of the officers of the receipt of his Ma-jest.’s exchequer shall refuse or neglebt to pay any luch annuity or sum of money, or any part thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, or to do any ad* necelTary to enable any such matter of the rolls, chies.baron, puisne judge, or baron of the coif of the exchequer, or any person having served in any of the offices before-mentioned, to whom any such annuity or lurn of money herein-before mentioned shall have been granted as aforesaid, to receive the lame, then any such matter of the rolls, chies.baron, puisne judge, or baron aforesaid, or any such other person as aforesaid, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their heirs, executor^, or administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall and may recover judgement, and sue out execution thereupon, against such officers resp.blively, their resp.btive heirs, executors, or ad-minittrators, for fo much of any such annuity or sum of money fclpectively then due and owing, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of.the receipt cf the exchequer, at the time or times when such demand shall have been legally made for the payment of any such annuity or annuities, or sums of money, or any part thereof, as af resaid, or for the refusal or negleet.to do any abt necettary to be done by any such officer or officers respec.ively.

XII.  And whereas it is expect.ent, that a further augmentation Jhould he made to the salaries of the lords of fejfons, lords commis. oners of juficiary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Grear BriT

From July 5, tain calied.Scotland, be it theres.re enabled, That, from and af-1799, an aug- ter tfie fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninery-ffial^be made nine, there shall be illued, paid, and applied, in every year, out: to the salaries of the monies that shall arise from any of the duties and revenues of the lords of in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland, which, by abls made session, See. in jn tfie seventh and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, wer£ £cothmd'  '  '  '  '  charged

 CjOO^Ic

1798.] Anno regni tricefinio nono Georgii lit. c. i i 1, 112. 445

charged or made chargeable with the payment of the fees, Hilaries, and other charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majelly, her heirs and fuccefTors, for keeping up the courts of session, juf-ticiary, and exchequer, in Scotland-, the several sums following, to the judges after-mentioned, as an augmentation to their respec.tive salaries; (that is fay), The ftim of one thousand pounds to the lord president of the court of feflion.for the time being; the sum of five hundred pounds to the lord justice clerk for the time being; the sum of four hundred and eighty pounds to such of the Other lords of lesho. as shall be lords commissioners ofjusticiary.for the time being ; the sum of two hundred and eighty pounds to such of the other lords of fefiion as shall not be lords com-missioner. of juiliciary for the time being; the sum of one thousand pounds to the lord chies.baron of the court of exchequer in Scotland for the time being; and the sum of two hundred and eighty pounds to each of the other barons of the court of exchequer for the time being.

C A P. CXI.

An aft to permit, until the fir ft day of Augufi: one thousand eight hundred and nvo, the importation of certain naval fores from Hamburgh, and other ports ^Germany.—£ July 12, 1799. ]

WHEREAS it is expect.ent for the building and refitting of his Preamble.

Majeff s J.hips of war, and of finps and vessels employ.d.by his Majeff s subjects, that the importation of naval fores Jhould be permittedfrom the ports ^/Germany: be it enacted by the King’s rnofl excelien. majeity, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spin.ual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and af- From AuguIt terthefirs. day of Augufi one thousand seven hundred and ninety- W’tv1 nine, until the first day of Augufi one thousand eight hundred and p^h two, it shall and may be laws.l to import into this kingdom, in and tar, deal Britif-built ships, owned and navigated according to hw, from boards, fir, the ports of Hambujgh, Bremen, Altona, and Gluckfiat> pitch and ^ tar, as well as deal boards, fir, and timber; any thing in an a<51, ported^i^Bri-palied.in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his majefiy Kingtilh built (hips Charles the Second, intituled. An a ft for preventing frauds and re- from Ham-gulating abujes in his Majeff s cufioms, to the contrary in any wife bui'Sh> &c-notwithstand.g.

CAP. CXIL

An aft to enable his Adajcfty, by order in couneil, to permit, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next session of parhame.t, such goods as fall be specified in such order to be imported into this king-domain neutral ship..—[July 12, 1799*]

WHEREAS it is expect.ent for facilitating the importation ^Preamble.

certain articles into this kingdom, that his Majefy f Quid' be enabled to permit, by order in couneil, such goods as fall be specified to

be

446

His Majesty may permit, for a limited time, such goods as shall.

Anno regni tricesimo nono GeorgIi III. c. 113. [1798.

be imported in neutral J.hips ; be it theres.re enacted by the King's most excelien. majesty, by and with the advdce and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led, ana by the authority of the tame, That it shall and may be laws.l for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, with the advice of his or their privy couneil, from time to time, when and as osten.as the fame (hall be judged expect.ent.

be spec.iied in to permit, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next

any order of couneil, to be imported in ships belonging to the

fest.on of parhame.t, any such goods, wares, or merchandize, as shal. be specified in any order of couneil, to be imported into this kingdom in ships belonging to the subject.s of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty; any law nowin force to the coun^S(?nany contrary m anywise notwithstanding.

amity with his Majesty,

CAP. CXIII.

An act to enable such persons as his Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the office of chies.justice, or of one of the justices of either bene., or of chies.baron, or one of the barons of the exchequer, to take upon themselyes.the degree of a serjeant at law in vacation.—[July 12,'

,799*]

Preamble. TT THERE AS it is expect.ent whenever the office of chies.just ice,

V V or of one of the justices of either bene., or of chies.baron, or one

of the barons of his Majesty*s exchequer, happens to be vacant, that d

proper person Jhould be speedily appointed to such office ; and that such

person.Jhottld be of the degree of a serjeant at law, which degree cannot

be taken in vacation: may it please your Majesty that it may

enacted.; and be it enact.ed by the King's most excelien. majesty,

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and

temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t astem.led,

His Majesty, ancj by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be law-

vacats.n^ ful f°r his Majesty, at any time before the commencement of the

while the of- next Michaelmas term, and during any succeeding vacation,

fee of chies.whilst the office of chies.justice, or of one of the justices of either justice, &c. bene.

or of chies.baron, or of one of the barons of his Mdefty’s is vacant  y  9  •  •  ^  j

may cause a exchequer, (hall be vacant, from tifne to time, to cause a writ to

a writ to be be issued out of his Majesty's high court of chaneery, direct.ed to issued out of any such person, being a barrister at law, as his Majesty shall c^aneer. to think returnable immediately in the said court, commanding any barrister fuc'a Perl~°n to appear in the said court, and to take upon him-at law he shall self the state and dignity of a serjeant at law; and such person think fit, to shal. and may thereupon forthwith appear before the lord high court1 and^1^ c^ance^or5 ^orc* keeper, or lords commidioners for 'he custody of t ike upon the great fesl f°r t^lc ^me being, at such time and place as the. him self the said chanoel.or, keeper, or commis.ioners, dial I appoint; and such dignity of a person io appearing, and taking the oaths usually administered to Lv^Tndsuch.3 ^ejeant  (ball, without any further adt or ceremony, be,

person.01 all and be ^eeme<^ an<^ taken to be, a serjeant at law, sworn to all take the ulual intents and purposes : and in cafe his Majesty shall be pleased, by daths.  ’writ or by letters patent under the great sea. of Great Britain, to

His Majesty create or constitute any such person, fo to be sworn as aforesaid. may grant to  chies.

179S.} Anno regni tricefirno n<3frd Geor&h tlf. c. 114.  447

chies.justice of his Majesty’s court of king’s bene., or to grant ^ch Perlon„. to any such person the office of chies.justice of his Majesty’s court * j j uftice of common pleas, or of one of the justices of either bene., or of 0f either chies.baron, or of one of the Barons of his Majesty’s exchequer, bene., &c* every such person (hall be deemed and taken to be laws.lly appointed to every such office, and (hall and may laws.lly hold and enjoy the fame, and do all matters and things whatsoever in such and the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such person had been a serjeant at law, sworn in the usual and ordinary cours.*

CAP. CXIV.

An for granting to his Maieftv a certain Him of money out of the consolidated find, for applying certain lures of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one tho :faocJ seven hundr.-d and ninety-nine $ and for further appropriating the iupplies granted in this fan on of parhame.t.—Luly 12, 1799.]

Comm'fnoners of the t re a fury may raise 3,22(?jOoob by loans or exchequer bills, as prese.ibed by the malt adt of this fess.on. Exchequer bills to be paid rut of the con fob dated fund. Bank may advane. the money.

34,1451. 2s 9d. fnrclus of sum granted for extraordinary expences of the army for 1708, may be applied for 1709. Monies railed by the duties on mal;, pbnfiohs, &c. annuities, c. 7. Duties on income, annuities, c. 60.

Lottery, vote of credit, exchequer bills, c. 69. Exchequer bills, c. 70.  >

521.890b 16 s. 7d. zq. fur pi us of the consolidated fund on April 5, 1799;

and 3,229 oool. granted out of the consolidated fund may be i(filed as

follows: 13 654,013b 6s, 71b for naval services, viz. 2,886,000b for wage*

of2-0,000 men, including 20,000 marines. 2.964,000b for their victuals.*

4.680,cool. for wear and tear of ship.. 390,000b for ordnance for lea service. 729,063b 6s. yd, for ordinary of the navy, including half pay.

693,750b for building and repairs of ships and extra works. 1,311,200b

for tr.ansport.service and maintenance of pri(oners, 1,324,413b 14s. 7cl.  \

for ordnance land service for 1799.  81,969b  17s.  4a. for ditto in ty97.

56,218b ns. nd. for Tea service of ordnance in 1797. ■ 108,2251. is. zd. for land service of ordnance in 1798.  3.000,000b-  to he remitted to Ireland .  825,000b  for  the  emperor  of  Ruilia. *1,774,6091. 4s. 7d. for land

foroes, viz. 1*977,253!. yd. 10s. for 52,051 esse.tive men, officers,

&c. in Great Britain, Jerse., Guemfcy, Alderney and Ireland in 1799.

86*4635!. tos. 3d. for foroes.in the plantations, Gibraltar, Portugal, Cape of Good Hope, on special service, and New South Wales. 42 901b 198. for differene. between British and Irifh pay for ilx regiments abroad.

29,124b 3s. 4d. tor recruiting the regiments in East India. 185,000b for -recrui ing and contingene.es and extra feed of cavalry. 114,144b 5s. jd. for general, (sass.and hospital officers in Great Britain, Jerse. and. Guam-fey. 3,139,908b roe. ,8d. for militia, miners of Cornwall and Devon, nnd fencible infantry. 6o.ooob for contingene.es for militia and sena.ie&.

279,934b 19s. 2d. for cloathing for militia, and miners of Cornwall and Devon. 418,440b 5s. 8d. for feneil.le cavalry. 25,000b for extra feed of fencible cavalry. 109,151b 3s. 8d. for provisional cavalry. 41,741!. 16s. for full pay to super.lumerary officers. 123.006b 13s. 3d. tor the paymaster general^ com missa.y general. See. 220,000!. for quartering ibldiera.

163,979b 7s. id. for reduced officers 01 the land foroes.and marines.

20b 128. i id. for reduced and luper.iiumated gentlemen of the horse gu irffs.

1,000b for officers late m the leivice of the stat.es genaab 52,1:00b for reduced officers of the British American foroes, and 7,500b for allowane.s to them. 142,688b ns. 3d. for Chelsea.hospit.l. 18,591b 3s. 3d. for wko.vs* pen lions. 500,000b for volunteer corps. 622.478b for the barrack department. 173.735b 18s. 7U. for foreign corps. 2,465,854b 17s. 3d. for army ertrvir hnaiies j'or 1709. 3,000,000b tor dite.--*rgirig exchequer bills madeoutunder 38 Geo. 3. c. 91. i>ooo,ooob for diichargingdo,, made

out

Anno regni trieefimo nono Geor(3ii III; c. 114. [1798.

out under 38 Geo. 3. c. 90. 3,500,000!. for discharging do. made under 38 Geo. 3. c. 82. 9,337b 5s. 6d. ifhied.pursuant to addresses of thehouse.of commons. 7,150b for the civil establish.ent of Upper Canada. 5,4151. for the civil establish.ent of Nova Scotia, in America. 4,6501 tor the civil establish.en. of New Bruns.ick, in America. 1,900b for the civil efta-bliflimen. of the illand of Saint John, in America. 1,840b for the civil establish.ent of the illand of Cape Breton, in America. 2,451b is. for the civil establish.ent of the illand of Newfoundland. 4,100b for the civil establish.ent of the Bahama Istands. 580b for the civil establish.ent of the Bermuda or Somers Istands. 600b for the civil establish.ent of the illand of Dominica. 6,oi6l. 15s. for the civil establish.ent of New South Wales; 20,000b for forts in Africa. 150,000b for his MajestyTs seer.t service abroad. 226,000b for relief of the fuss.ering clergy and laity of France, Toulones. emigrants, and American loyalist.. 5,000b for the Levant company. 2,773b 15s. for printing for the house of commons in’ 1798. 8,oool. for do. in 1799.  7)819!. for firperintendane. of aliens.

25,307b 6s. id. for the expences of the mint in 1798.  284b  17s.  6d.  for

prosecution.of coiners in 1797. 1,607b 9s, 4d. for do. in 1798.  971b os.

yd. zq. for expences of Convicts at home in 1798. 35,923b T5S. 4d. for do. in 1799. 3,000b for the board of agriculture. 1,500b for the Veterinary Coliege. 6,721b for repairing the chure. of Saint Margaret, Wettminst.r. 25,150b 14s. 4d. awarded under the American treaty. 200,000b towards the reduction of the national debt; 153,148!, 10s. yd. for exchequer bills in 1796. 114,037b 16s. 3d. 2q. interest on exchequer bills in 1797.  35,990b 9s. 6d. to compieat the supplies granted for the

service.of the year 1797. 211,791b 2s. yd. for dise.unts on loan and lottery in 1798. 210,071b 5s. nd. 2q. for interest on exchequer bills in 1798. 20,000b to discharge bills from New South Wales. 14,698b 9s. 2d. to the bank of England for receiving contributions to loan and lottery for 1798. 465,759. 16s. 1 id. iq. for interest of exchequer bills and advane.s on bills of exchange. 12,200b for lottery in 1798. 20.502b iffiied cut of the civil lift for seer.t service abroad. 2,450b 7s. 4d* to Wiilia. Pollock, elquire, for expences under the alien adt. 97b 9s. to Wiilia. Chinnrry, tsquire, for an instrument for measuring altitudes, &c. for comrniffioneis for af-certnining the situation of Saint Croix. 909b 13s. 6d. for attendane. on committees of the house of commons. 4.214b 12s. to Jofeph White, efq. for the pure.ase of the old goal of Surrey. 897b 6s. for publishing in the Gazette weekly returns of the average prie. of brown sugar. 263b 15s. 6 d. to Jofeph Baldwin, efq. for his attendane. on Mr. Hayings’trial. 2,762b 15s. to Bernard Cobbe, efq. for clerks in the office for auditing the pub-lick accounts. 529b 12s. to Wiilia. Chinnery, efq. for New South Wales. 849b 16s. 3d. 3q. for aiteration. at the house of the speaker of the house of commons. 412b 9s. iod. for the parhame.t office. 7,878b 3s. for the pure.ase of fir John Eden’s house for an office of one of his Mijest.’s seer.taries of state. 1,437b 6s. 6d. for expences of the police office in Wapping. 300b to the solicit.. of the mint for prosecuting coiners, 1,955b 18s. for completing indexes to the rolls of parhame.t and journals of the house of lords; 41 il. 3G. 9d. for a survey of the ille of Dogs, 1,731b 16s. to the seer.tary to the commissioners for reducing the national debt. 600b for expences in executing n.6f for sale of the land lax. 121b ns. 6d. for A clerk employ.d.on American claims, 15,000!. for the pure.ase of Dr. Hunter’s collection of natural history. 60,000b for awards under the American treaty. 35,000b for indemnisi.ation to the earl of Saint Vincent and fir Charles Grey. 4,275b 16s. to Wiilia. Affiforth and others for first payments on loans in 1796, fors.ited by omission to make future payments. 36,000b to Jeremy Bentham, esquire, lor a penitentiary house. 4,000b for roads and bridges in Scotland. 510,888!. us. 4d. to make good deficiency of grants in 1798. Supplies not to be iftued for any other than the purposes before-mentioned. Rules to be observed in the applie.tion of the half pay. Officers employ.d.on the stass.or in garrisons may receive half pay, taking the oath mentioned in this aCf. Chaplains having any ecclesiastical benefice, &c. not to receive half pay. By 38 Geo. 3. c. 90. 163,874b 16$. 8d. was appropriated t6 be paid to teduced officers, the overplus of which may be diiposed.of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majtfty ffiall judge proper.

AM

AN

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H E

FIRST PART OF the XLIT VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

Fasse. in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George III. in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, being the third Seffion of the eighteenth Parhame.t of Great Britain, which began the twentieth Day of November one thousand leven hundred and ninety-eight, and ended by prorogation the twelfth Day of July one thouiand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

A.

Accounts, Pub lick*

4,762/. 15s. for clerks in the office for auditing the publick accounts. Chap. 114.

Address.s of the House of Commons.

9,337/. 55. 6d, iffiied pursuant to addreltes of the house of commons. Chap. 114.

Africa.

20,000L for forts there. Chap. 114.

Agriculture, Board of*

3,000L for the board of agriculture. Chap. 114.

Aliens.

1.  7,819/. for superintend.ne. of aliens. Chap. 114.

2.  2,450/. 7s. 4d. for expences under the alien ad. Same act,

Vol. XLII.

America*

1.  To permit goods, the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in ffiips belonging to countries in amity with his Majesty, to be entered and landed without payment of duty, granted by act of last session, for better protection of the trade of this kingdom. Chap. 95.

2.  To amend act 29 Geo. 2. c. 5. relating to employ.ng.foreign pro-testan.s as officers in the army in America only, and to add a iixth and seventh battalions to the fixti-eth regiment of foot. Chap. 104.

3.  52,500/. for reduced officers of the Brit\Jb American foroes, and 7,500/. for allowane.s to them. Chap. 114.

American Claims.

121/. iis..6d. for a clerk employe *

on American claims. Chap. 114.

American Loyalifts.

See France. Chap. 114.

G g  American

 CjOO^Ic

Att

Cam

45°

American ’Treaty.

1.  25,150/. 145. 4d. awarded under the American treaty. Chap. 1x4.

2.  60,000/. more. Same act.

Annuities.

1.  Contributors towards raising three miilion. for every one hundred pounds entitled to the principal sum of 100/. 3 per cent. consol.-dated annuities, from Jan. 5,1799; and a principal of 87/. 95. 6d.

3 /><?r  reduced annuities,

from 051. 10, 1798. Chap. 7.

2.  Contributors towards raising fist.en miilion. five hundred thou-sand.pounds, for every 100/. entitled to the principal sum of 125/.

3 per cent. consolidated annuities from July 5, 1799, and the principal sum of 50/. 3 per cent. reduced annuities, from April 5, 1799. Chap. 60.

Armorial Bearings.

For extending the time allowed for taking out certifie.tes for using armorial bearings until Feb. 15, 1799. Chap. 8.

Army.

34,145/. 2S. 9<f. surplus of extraordinaries for the army for 1798, may be applied in 1799. Chap. 114.

AJJizes.

For making perpetual lb much of a6t 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. as relates to the lodgings of judges at county affixes. Chap. 46.

AJfociations.

See Militia. Chap. 35.

Attorneys.

See Stamps. . Chap. 39.

B.

Bahama IJlands.

4,100/. for the civil establish.en. there. Chap. 114,

Bail,

To extend the bail to be given in cases.of criminal information in Scotland. Chap. 49.

Baron of Exchequer.

See Serjeant at Lazy. Chap. 67.

Barracks.

622,478/. for the barrack department. Chap. 114.

Bermuda.

580/. for the civil establish.en. of the Bermuda or Somers IJlands. Chap. 114.

Bills of Exchange.

See Stamps. Chap. 107.

Bishop, Sir Wiilia..

Stc MaidJlone Geneva. Chap. 105*

Boulton, Matthew.

See Rujfia, Emperor of. Chap. 96.

British.Muse.m.

See Cracherode, Reverend C. M. Chap. 73.

c.

Cambricks.

TO revive and continue ad! 37 Geo. 3. c. 72. for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and

Frene.

Cra

Coi

Frene. lawns, not being of the manus.cture of Ireland. Chap. 27.

Canada, Upper.

7,150/. for the civil establish.en. there. Chap. 114.

Cape Breton, IJland 0/.

1,840/. for the civil establish.en. there. Chap. 114.

Cape of Good Hope.

To continue an aft for regulating the trade to and from the Cape of Good Hope. Chap. 12.

Cavalry.

To repeal afts relating to the pro-viftonal cavalry. Chap. 23.

Chelsea.Hospit.L

142,688/. us. 3d. for Chelsea.hof-pital. Chap. 114.

Clerks and Seryan.s.

Clerks and seryan.s embezzling money, goods, &c. of their matters, liable to transport.tion. Chap. 85.

Coals.

To enable the treasury to contract with the duke of Riclimon. for the pure.ase of the duty of 12d. a chaldron on coals (hipped in the river Tyne, to be consumed in England,, for an annuity. Chap. 84.

Coffee.

An additional duty on cosse. exported. Chap. 63.

Coin.

See Silver Coin. Chap# 75#

451

Coiners.

r. 284/. 17;. 6i. for prosecuting of coiners. Chap. 114.

2.  1,607/. 95. 4^. more. Same aft

Commons,  of.

1.  2,773/. 15J. for printing for the house of commons. Chap. 114.

2.  8,00c/. more. Same aft.

3.  907/. 13J. 6i/. for attendane. on committees of the house of commons. Same aft.

Consolid.tedJFund.

1.  521,890/. 16s. 7\d. surplus of the consolidated fund, may be issued towards the suppl.. Chap. 114.

2.  699,043/. nr. 2//. deficiency of consolidated fund. Same aft.

Contribution.

See Income. Chap. 13.

Convibls.

1.  971/. 0;. 7^/. for expences of con-vifts at home. Chap. 114.

2.  355923/. 15X. 4</. more for the fame. Same aft.

Corn.

1.  To enable his Majesty to prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provisions without payment of duty. Chap. 87.

2.  See Edinburgh. Chap. 88.

Cotton.

See Flax and Cotton. Chap. 38.

Cracherode^ Reverend C. M.

The legacy of books and other articles, given by the will of the reverend

g g 2

4$2  Exc

rend Clayton  Mordaunt Chache.odt to

the British museum, exempted from the legacy duty. Chap. 73,

D.

Davis's Streights.

SeE Fifberies. Chap. ior.

Debtors.

To make perpetual ad 33 Geo.

3.  c. 5. for relief ofdebtors. Chap. 50.

Difcount.

Szz Loans. Chap. 114

Dijlilleries.

To continue ad 38 Geo. 3. c. 92. relating to the diltilleries in Scotland. Chap. 31. 78.

Dominica, IJland of.

600/. for the civil establish.en. there. Chap. 114.

Drawbacks.

1.  See Sugar. Chap. 63.

2.  See Salt. Chap. 77.

E.

Edinburgh.

FOR erecting the county of Edinburgh into a separate district, for the purpose of regulating the importation and exportation of corn. Chap. 88.

Ensign..

See Armorial Bearings. Chap. 8*

Exchequer.

See Serjeant at Law. Chap. 67.

W

Exchequer Bills'.

1.  The treasury may raise 3,000,000/. by loans or exchequer bills for the service of the year 1799. Chap. 18.

2.  The treasury may raise 1,500,000/. more. Chap. 33.

3.  The treasury may raise 3,000,000/. more. Chap. 41.

4.  The treasury may raise 3,000,000/* more. Chap. 68.

5.  The treasury may raise 3,500,000/. more. Chap. 69.

6.  The treasury may raise 3,000,000/# more. Chap. 70.

7.  The treasury may raise 3,000,000/. more. Chap. 71.

8.  The treasury may raise 3,229,000/. more. Chap. 114.

9.  3,500,000/. for dise.arging exchequer bills made out under 38 Geo. 3. c. 82. Same ad.

10.  1,000,000/. for fame, under 38 Geo. 3. c. 90I Same ad.

11.  3,000,000/. for fame, under 38 Geo. 3. c. 91. Same ad.

12.  153,148/. 10s. 7d for principal and interest of exchequer bills. Same ad.

13.  114,037/. i6r. for interest on exchequer bills. Same ad.

14.  210,071 /. 51. 11 id. more for lame. Same ad.

15.  465,759L 16s. 11 -d. for interest of exchequer bills and advane.s on bills of exchange. Same ad.

F.

Felony.

For making perpetual fo much of ad 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. as relates to the punislimen. of burning in the hand of certain persons convicted of felony within the benefit of clergy. Chap. 45.

Fijheries.

I.  To revive, continue and amend several ads relating to the encouragement

453

Gib

ragement of the Britijh fisher.es. Chap. ioo.

2.  For the further support and encouragement of the fisheries in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights continued. Chap. ioi.

3.  To continue the bounties for encouraging the filheries at Newfoundland. Chap. 102.

Flax.

See Linen Tarns. Chap. 28.

Flax and Cotton.

To continue an act for encouragement of the manus.ctures of flax and cotton. Chap. 38.

France.

226,000/. for the relief of the fuf-fering clergy and laity of France, Tou-loneje emigrants, and American loyal-ifts. Chap. 114.

Frene. Lawns,

See Cambricks. Chap. 27,

G,

Game.

FOR repealing act. 36 Geo. 3. c.

39.  and 54. relating to killing partridges. Chap. 34.

Geneva.

See Maids.one Geneva. Chap. 105.

Gibraltar.

For reducing the duty by aCf 39 Geo. 3. c. 76. on goods, the manus.cture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the {freights of Gibraltar. Chap. 99.

Thin

G/a/s

For better securing the duties on glass, continued. Chap. 38.

Greenland Seas.

See Fijheries. Chap. IQJ.

Grenact.> IJland of.

For allowing further time to pay instalments on loan advaneed.to per-fons conneCled with and tracting.to the illands of Grenact. and Saint Fintents. Chap. ii.

H.

Hajiings, Mr.

261/. 15*. 6d. to Jofeph Baldwin, efq. for his attendane. on Mr. Haf-flings trial. Chap. 114.

Hides.

To indemnify persons who may have incurred penalties or fors.itures under act 2 James 1. c. 22. coneer.ing tanners, &c. and to repeal parts of the laid aCl relating to the buying of hides. Chap. 34.

High Seas.

For remedying certain desect. in the law respecting offences committed upon the high sea.. Chap. 37.

Horfes.

See Pojl Horfes. Chap. 74.

Hunter, Dcttor.

15,000/. for the pure.ase of doctor Hunter's collect.on. Chap. 114.

G g 3  Income*

CO

454

>d I.

Income.

1.  ' | ^ O repeal the duties for

JL granting an aid and contribution for prosecuting the war, and to grant certain duties upon income in lieu thereof. Chap. 13.

2.  For extending the time for returning statements under chapter 13 of this section,and to amend the fame. Chap. 22.

3.  To enable the commercial com-missioner., appointed to carry into execution acts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time for receiving returns of income. Chap. 42.

4.  To amend chapter 13. of this fef-fion, fo far as relates to the trustees, &c. Ch3p. 72.

India (Eajl) Company.

1.  For permitting certain goods imported from the Eaf Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 59.

2.  Forregulatingthe manner in which the Eajl India company (hall hire and take up ships for their regular service. Chap. 89.

For recruiting the foroes.of the Eajl India company. Chap. 109.

Ireland.

1.  See Militia. Chap. 5.

2.  See Sail Cloth. Chap. 26.

3.  See Cambricks. Chap. 27.

4.  3,coo,00c/. to be remitted to Ire-land. Chap. 114,

IJle of Bogs .

4i 11* 3s• 9d. for survey of the IJle

of Dogs. Chap. 114.

Judges.

I. See  Ajsize.. Chap.  46.

Lan

2,  For the augmentation of the fala-ries of the judges of the courts in Wefhninfer Hall, and for enabling his Majesty to grant annuities to persons in certain offices in the said courts of Wefminjler Hally on their reiignation. Chap, no.

3.  See Serjeant at Law. Chap. 113.

K.

!The King and Royal Family.

z. T?OR enabling his Majesty to J7 sett.e on prince Edward and, princeErnest.Augujlus an annuity of 12,000/. each, during hisMajest.’s pleasur.. Chap. 29.

2.  To enable his Majesty to sett.e on princess Amelia part of the annuity of 30,000/. which his Majesty was enabled to sett.e on his other daugliters, out of the hereditary revenues. Chap. 30.

L.

Land Foroes.

1.  11,775,609/. 4s. 7d. for land foroes.in 1799. Chap. 114.

2.  1,977,253/. ys. 10d. for 52,051 esse.tive men, officers, be. in Great Britain, Jerse., Guernfeyy Alderney, and Ireland. Same act.

3.  861,653/. 105, 3d. for foroes.in the plantations, Gibraltar, Portu-galy the Cape of Good Hopey on special service, and New South Wales. Same act.

4.  29,124/. 35. 2d. for recruiting the regiments in East India. Same act:.

5.  185,000/. for recruiting and contingene.es, and extra feed of cavalry. Same act.

6.  114,144/. 55. $d. for general, ftaflf, and hospital officers in Great Bri~ tainy Guernfeyy and Jerse.. Same ad.

•J. 418,44o/t

Lan

7. 418,440/. $s. 8d. for fencible cavalry, Chap. 114.

8.  25,000/. for their extra feed. Same ad.

9.  41,741/. 161. for full pay tosuper.numerary officers. Same ad.

10.  123,006/. 13*. ffi. for the pay-master.general, com missa.y general, &c. Same ad.

11.  220,000/. for quartering soldier.. Same ad.

12.  163,979/. 7s. id. for reduced officers of the land foroes.and ma-rines. Same ad.

13.  20/. 12x. 11 d. for reduced and superannuated gentlemen of the

. horse guards. Same ad.

14.  1,000/. for officers late in the service of the flares general. Same ad.

15.  18,591/. 31. 3d. for widows pen-fions. Same ad.

16.  173^73S/» 181. 7d. for foreign corps. Same ad.

17.  2,465,854/. 171. 3d. for army extraordinaries for 1799. Same ad.

Land Revenue.

For transferring to the commis.

fioners for auditing publick accounts

the offices of auditors of the land revenue. Chap. 83.

Land Tax.

1.  To enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax, and to explain and amend the ad for making perpetual the land tax. Chap. 6.

2.  To amend and render more esse.r-tual several ads for the redemption and pure.ase of the land tax. Chap. 21. 108.

3.  To amend ads for making perpetual, subject to redemption and pure.ase, the land tax relating to Scotland. Chap. 40.

4.  For enlarging the time limited by ads for redemption of the land tax,

Lin 4

for receiving contracts and making transfers of flock thereon. Chap.

43*  .

5.  bool, for expences in executing the ad for sale of the land tax. Chap. 114.

Legacies.

1.  To exempt the legacies of books, pictures, See. to corporations, &c. from duty. Chap. 73.

2". See Cracherode, Reverend C. M. Chap. 73.

Letters.

See Pojl Office. Chap. 76.

Levant Company.

5,000/. for the Levant company. Chap. 114.

Levant Seas.

To encourage the trade into the Levant Teas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine. Chap. 99.

Licences.

For aseer.aining the duty for retail spirit licences, and for authorising justices for any county to grant licences to fell ale, See. by retail in places where a sufficient number of magistrates cannot be found qualisle. to grant such licences. Chap. 86.

Linens.

For granting a bounty on British and Irtjh linens exported, continued. Chap. 28.

Linen Tarns.

For taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, continued. Chap, 28.

Loan*

cg4

Mar

456

Loan.

1.  211,791/- 2s. yd. for discounts on loan and lottery 1798. Chap. 114.

2.  14,698/. 95. 2d. to the bank, for receiving contributions to loan and lottery in 1798. Same a61.

3.  4,275/. 16s. to IV. AJhworth and others, for first payments on loan 1796, fors.ited. Same a61.

London.

See Militia. Chap. 82t

Lottery.

1.  703,541/. 135. 4^. to be raised by a lottery, tickets at 12/. 51. iod. each, and 500,000/. to be paid in prizes on Augufl 1, 1800. Chap.

9I#

12,200/. for lottery in 1798. Chap. 114.

3. See Loan. Same a£lf

M.

Maidjlone Geneva.

TO continue and amend fo much of a6t 33 Geo. 3. c. 59. as permits hr Wiilia. Bishop.and others to carry on thp manus.cture of Maid-Jlone geneva. Chap. 105.

Malt.

I.  Duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, continued for the lervice of the year 1799. Chap. 2.

2.  Certain duties on malt, granted for the service of the year 1799. Chap. 3.

Marines

Regulated while on shore. Chap. 19.

Mar riot. Sir James.

An annuity of 2,000/. granted to fir James Marmot. Chap. 58.

Min

Militia.

1.  To continue a33 Geo. 3. c. 66. for empowering his Majesty to accept the services of the militia, who voluntarily offer themselyes.to be employ.d.in Ireland. Chap. 66.

2.  For exempting, during the war, persons in volunteer corps from being baliotted for the suppl.men-tary militia, under certain conditions; and for annually making new lifts of men liable to serve in the militia. Chap. 14.

3.  For exempting, during the war, persons serving in volunteer corps and associations from being baliotted for the militia, under certain conditions. Chap. 35.

4.  To amend the acts for raising a militia force in Scotland. Chap. 62.

5.  To explain and amend several acfs relating to the London militia. Chap. 82.

6.  To amend two a61s, fo far as the fame relate to the militia of Mid-dies.x and Surrey, and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of Micldlesex.towards completing the said militia. Chap. 90.

7.  For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the militia for the year 1799. Chap 97.

8.  For making allowane.s to fubal-tern officers of the militia in time of peace. Chap. 103.

9.  For reducing the militia, and in-creasing.the regular foroes. Chap. 106.

l°. 3,1395908/. IOJ. 8d. for militia, miners of Cornwall and Devon, and fencible infantry. Chap. 114.

11.  60,000/. for contingene.es for militia and fencibles. Same a6l.

12. 279,934/. 195. 2d. for cloathing militia. Same a6t.

Mint.

1. To aseer.ain the salary of the

master.

1N

matter and worker of his Majesty’s mint. Chap. 94.

2.  25,307/. 6;. 1 d. forexpencesof the mint. Chap. 114.

3.  300/. to the solicitor of the mint. Same aft.

Mutiny.

1.  To continue aft 37 Geo. 3. c. 70* for the better prevention and pu-niilimen. of attempts to seduce persons serving in the navy or army from their duty to his Majesty. Chap. 4. -

2.  For punishing mutiny and defer-tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Chap. 20.

N.

National Debt.

1.  200,000/. towards the reduction of the national debt. Chap. 64,

2.  1,731/. i6j. to the seer.tary to the commis.toners for the reduction of the national debt. Chap. 114.

Naval Services.

1.  13,654,013/. 6s. 7d. for naval fer-vices for 1799. Chap. 114.

2.  2,886,000/. for wages of 120,000 men. Same aft.

3.  2,964,000/. for their victuals. Same aft.

Naval Stores.

To permit the importation of naval (lores from Hamburgh and other ports of Germany. Chap. m.

Navy.

729,063/. 65. 7d. for the ordinary of the navy. Chap. 114*

Nelsony.Baron.

An annuity of 2,00c/. a year fet-

Not  4  57

tied on baron Nelfon, and the two

next succeeding heirs to his title.

Chap. 1.

Neutral Ships.

1.  To continue several afts relating to the admiHIon of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the issuing of orders in couneil.for that purpose. Chap. 12.

2.  See Order in Couneil. Chap. 112.

New Bruns.ick.

4,650/. for the civil establish.en. '

there. Chap. 114,

Newfoundland.

1.  To revive and continue aft 33 Geo. 3. c. 76. for estab.hhing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland. Chap. 16.

2.  To permit (hips to fail from certain ports of the island of New* foundlandy and from the coast of

Labrador, without convoy. Chap. 32*

3.  See Fijheries. Chap. 102.

4.  2,451/. is. for the civil estab.hh* meat there. Chap. 114.

New South Wales.

1.  6,016/. 15*. for the civil ettablish.ment there. Chap. 114.

2.  20,000/. to discharge bills from New South Wales. Same acl.

3.  529/. 12s. for New South Wales* Same aft.

Notes.

1.  To continue afts 37 Ge&. 3. c. 32. and 61. but (hall only extend to notes payable on demand to bearer for less than five pounds. Chap. 9.

2.  To continue and amend aft 37 Geo. 3. c. 137. relating to issuing notes for small sums in Scotland• Chap. io. 25. 48.

3. To

 CjOO^Ic

Pro

458  Par

3.  To continue an ad of this session, c. 9. relating to issuing notes under a limited sum. Chap. 24.

47-

4. See Stamps.  Chap. 107.

Afcw Scotia.

5,415/. for the civil establish.en. there. Chap. 114.

o.

Offices.

See Penjions. Chap. 3.

Order in Couneil.

To enable his Majesty, by order in couneil, to permit goods to be imported in neutral (hips* Chap. 112.

Ordnance.

1.  390,000/. for ordnance for the sea service in 1799. Chap. 114.

2.  1,324,413/. 14J. 7d. for ordnance for the land service in 1799. Same

■ ad.

3.  81,969/. 17/. 4*f. for the fame in 1797. Same act.

4.  56,218/. iij. ud. for ordnance for the sea service in 1797. Same ad.

5.  108,225/. j/v 2i. for ordnance for the land service in 1798. Same ad.

P.

Parhame.t.

1.  *>955/• 18;. for completing indexes to rolls of parhame.t and journals of the house of lords. Chap. 114.

2.  519. 888/. m. 4d. to make good deficiency of grants by parhame.t in 1798. Chap. 114,

Parhame.t Office.

412/, 9s. 10d. for the parhame.t office. Chap. 114.

Paymajler General of the Foroes.

Accounts of the paymaster general of the foroes.to be veris.ed by the accountant general. Chap. 83.

Penitentiary House..

1.  To continue ad 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. relating to penitentiary house.. Chap. 52.

2.  36,000. to J. Bentham for a penitentiary house. Chap. 114.

Penfions.

For granting a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in Eng-land, iVales, and Berwick upon Tweed, for the service of the year 1799. Chap. 3.

Pilchards.

For allowing until June 24, 1805* a further bounty upon pilchards exported. Chap. 65.

Police.

1,437/. 6s. 6d, for expences of the police office in Wapping. Chap. 114.

Poft Horfes.

From Aug. 1, 1799, the treasury may let to farm duties on post horse.. Chap. 74.

Poft Office.

Poftmaster.general may forward letters by other vessels than packet boats, and receive postage thereon. Chap. 76.

Provision.l Cavalry. 109,151/. 3*. 8-d. for provisional cavalry. Chap. 114.

£>ualim

Hosted, by 

Sat

Sco

459

Q,

Qualifications.

ACT of qualifie.tion for offices. Chap. 17.

R.

Rape Seed.

TO continue an aft for allowing the importation of rape and other feeds for extracting oil. Chap.

38*

Riclimon., Duke of.

See Coals. Chap. 84.

Ruffiay Emperor of.

1. To enable Matthew Boulton to export machinery necedary for erecting a mint in the dominions of the emperor of Rujfta. Chap. 96.

%. 825,000/. for the emperor of Rujfa. Chap. 114.

s.

Sail Cloth.

TO continue an act for difalloy.-ing the bounty on fail cloth or canvas, exported to Ireland. Chap.

26.

Saint Croix.

97/. 9s. for an instrument for com-milfioners at St. Croix. Chap. 114.

Saint John, IJland of.

1,900/. for the civil estab.iflunent there. Chap. 114.

Saint Margaret, IVeJtminJler.

6,7211. for repairing the chure. of

Saint Margaret, Wejhninfler. Chap.

114.

Salt.

1.  To amend act 38 Geo. 3. c. 89. for transferring the management of the fait duties to the commis.fioners of excise. Chap. 65.

2.  Duties and drawbacks on fait made in Scotland to cease, and in-stead.thereof to be paid a duty of four (hillings a bushel, and if imported into England, fix (hillings more. Chap. 77.

3.  A drawback for fait made in Scot-land, (except rock fait) exported 5 and for fait used in making oxigi-mated muriatick acid in Scotland^four (hillings a bu(hel. Same aCf, f. 3.

Scotland.

1.  To continue an a£t for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expect.tious in Scotland. Chap. 53.

2.  For encouraging the improyemen. of lands subject to the servitude of thirlage in Scotland. Chap. 55.

3.  To explain and amend the laws relative to the colliers in Scotland. Chap. 56.

4.  For placing the salaries of the (heris.s deputes and fubditutes of Scotland upon the Scots civil lilt edabliflimen.. Chap. 66.

5.  For the augmentation of the salaries of the lords of session, lords commidioners of judiciary, and barons of the exchequer, in Scotland. Chap. no.

6.  4,000/. for roads and bridges in Scotland. Chap. 114.

7.  See Bail. Chap. 49. See Distil.leries. Chap. 31. 78. See Militia. Chap 62. See Notes. Chap. io. 25. See Salt. Chap. 77. See Transportation* Chap. 51.

Seal

Sii

Seal Skins.

To continue several ads relating to the allowing the importation of sea. (kins cured with foreign fait, duty free. Chap. 38.

Secretary of State.

7,878/. 35. for pure.ale of an office for the seer.tary of (late. Chap. 114.

Seditious Meetings.

For the more esse.tual suppression of societies dlablished.for seditious and treasonable purposes; and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices. Chap. 79.

Serjeant at Law.

1,  To enable such person as his Ma-jest. (hall appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer to take upon himself the degree of a serjeant at law. Chap. 67.

2.  To enable such persons as his Majesty may appoint judges to take upon themselyes.the degree of a serjeant at law in vacation time. Chap. 113.

Service Abroad.

1.  150,000/. for his Majesty’s Secret Service abroad. Chap. 114.

2.  20,502/. more for the fame pur-pole* Same ad.

Ships.

1.  4,680,000/. for wear and tear of (hips. Chap. 114.

2.  693,750/. for building and repairs of (hips. Same ad.

Silver Coin.

To revive and make perpetual ad 14 Geo. 3. c, 42. for prohibiting the importation of light Silver coin. Chap. 75.

Sta

Slaves.

For regulating the manner of carrying (laves in British velTels from Africa. Chap. 80,

Snuff.

Certain duties on snuff granted for the Service of the year 1799. Chap. 3-

Soidlers.

For inere.sing the rates of subs.st.ence on quartering loidlers. Chap. 36-

Solicitors.

See Stamps. Chap. 39.

Somers IJlands.

See Bermuda. Chap. 114,

Speaker of the House of Commons.

849/. 16s* 3\d. for aiteration. at the house of the speaker of the house of commons. Chap. 114.

Stamps.

1.  Indentures of clerkship to Solicitors or attorneys made after the fist. of Feb. 1794, within the bills of mortality, and after the tenth of Feb. in other parts of England and Wales, and before March 28, 1794a may, on payment of the duty required by ad 34 Geo. 3. c. 14. by June 1, 1799, be (lamped and inrolied.in three months after. Chap. 39.

2.  For altering the period of making up the annual account of the (lamp duties. Chap. 92.

3.  For granting to his Majessy.certain (tamp duties on bills of exchange and promis.ory notes for Small sums of money. Chap. 107.

Sugar,

Trd

Sugar.

1.  Certain duties on sugar granted for the service of the year 1799. Chap. 3.

2.  For granting additional duties on sugar imported and exported, and for reducing the drawbacks on exportation of sugar. Chap. 63.

2. 897/. 6s. for publishing in the Gazette weekly returns of the prie. of sugar. Chap. 114.

Supplies.

35,990/. 35. 6d. to compleat the supplies for 1797. Chap. 114.

Surrey.

4,214/. 12.5. for the pure.ase of the old gaol of Surrey. Chap. 114.

T.

Tallow, &c.

ACT 7 Geo. 3. c. 12. for dif-continuing the duties on importation of tallow, hog’s lard, and grease, continued. Chap. ioi.

Tanners.

See Hides. Chap. 54.

Tobacco.

Certain duties on tobacco granted . for the service of the year 1799. Chap. 3.

Toulones. Emigrants.

See France*. Chap. 114.

Vin461

1800, several laws relating to the trans.orration of felons and other offenders, and to authorising the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland. Chap. 51.

Transport.Service.

1,311,200/. for transport service and maintenance of prisoner.. Chap.

114.

Treason.

1.  Perfons imprisoned for high trea-fon, See. may be detained until May 21, 1799. Chap. 15.

2.  Perfons against whom indictments for high treason are already found may be tried. Same aCf, f. 5.

3.  ACf 38 Geo. 3. c. 26. continued, and persons imprisoned for high treason, &c. maybe detained until March 1, 1800. Chap. 44.

4.  To repeal fo much of act 7 Ann, c. 21. and 17 Geo. 2, c. 39. as puts arr end to the fors.iture of inheritance upon attainder of treason, after the death of the pretender and his fons. Chap. 93.

5.  See Seditious Meetings. Chap. 79.

V.

Veterinary Coliege.

1,500/. for the Veterinary Coliege. Chap. 114.

Vincent {Saint) Earl.

35,000/. for indemnisi.ation of earl Saint Vincent and fir Charles Grey. Chap. 114.

Transport.tion.  Vincent's  {Saint)  IJland  of.

For continuing, until March-2$, See Grenact., If and of. Chap. 11.

Volunteer

462  Weft

Volunteer Corps.

500,000/. for volunteer corps. Chap. 114.

w.

JVeJl India IJlands.

To indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, &c. in the Weft India istands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods in foreign bottoms. Chap. 57.

Tar

Wool.

To allow the importaion of Spani/b wool in (hips belonging to countries in amity with his Majesty. Chap. 98.

Y.

Tarn.

To repeal the duty granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king of PruJJiay and imported directly from thence into this kingdom, and for charging another duty in lieu thereof. Chap. 61.

END OF PART I. VOL. XLII.

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. Regis.

*** It being thought unnecessary to print in this place the whole of the titles of the Public Local and Perfonal Adis, which are all inserted in the Table; the Editor has selected those Ads which he thought would be found of most general utility,.either at length, or made copious abstract. of them.

Cap. 58.

An ad for regulating the rates of porterage to be taken by innkeepers and other persons within the cities of London and Weftminster, the borough of Southwark, and places adjacent.—[June 21, 1799-]

WHEREAS great exactio.s and abuses are daily practised in the porterage or delivery of boxes, baskets, packages, pareels, trufies, game, and other things, within the cities of London and Weftminster, and the borough of Southwark, and the suburbs and liberties thereof re -sped.vely, and other parts contiguous thereto, brought by stage waggons* carts, public stage coaches or carriages: and whereas the laws now in being are insufficient for the prevention of such exactio.s and abuses: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and con-sent.of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fist. day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, not innkeeper, warehouiekeeper, or other person, to whom any box, baiket, package, pareel, truss, game, or other thing whatsoever, not exceeding fist.-fix pounds weight, is brought by any stage waggon or cart, or any public stage coach or carriage, or any porter or other person employ.d.by such innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person in the porterage or delivery of any such box,basket, package,pareel, truss, game, orother things within the cities of London and Weftminster, and the borough of Southwark, and the suburbs and liberties thereof respectively, and other parts contiguous thereto, not exceeding the distane. of half a mile from the end of the carriage payemen. in the several streets and places within the laid cities, boroughs, and liberties, shall ask or demand, or receive or take, in respect of such porterage or delivery, any greater rate or prie. tharl the several rates or prie.s hereast.r mentioned ; (that is to fay,)

For any distane. not exceeding a quarter of a mile, the sum of three pence s

For any greater distane. than a quarter of a mile, but not exceeding half a mile, the sum of four pence:

For any greater distane. than half a mile, but not exceeding one mile, the sum of lixpence:

For any greater distane. than one mile, but not exceeding one mile and a half, the sum of eight pence :

For any greater distane. than one mile and a half, but not exceeding two miles, the sum of ten pence ; and fo in like manner the additional sum of three pence for every further distane. not exceeding half a mile.

II.  And be it further enacted, That if any porter or other person employ.d.in the porterage or delivery of such boxes, baskets, packages, pareels, trufies, game or other things as aforesaid, shall ask or demand, or receive or take, of and from any person or persons in resp.ht of such Vol. XL1I.  *Ff  . porterage

Public Local and Perfonal A6ts ' [1800.

porterage or delivery, any greater sum or Turns than the rates or prie.s hereinbefore fixed in that belial., such porter or other persons (hall for every such offence fors.it a sum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than five shilling..

III.  And be it further enacted, That before any such box, balket, packet, package, pareel, truss, game, or other thing whatsoever is sent from the inn, warehouse, or other place to which the fame is brought or conveyed, there {hall be made out and given to the porter or other person employ.d.in the delivery thereof, a card or ticket, whereon shall be distine.ly printed, written, or marked the name and description of the inn, warehouse, or other place from whence the fame is sent, and the sum due for the carriage thereof, and also the sum due for the porterage or delivery thereof, according to the rates and prie.s aforesaid, and the christian name and surname of the porter or other person employ.d.in such delivery, which card or ticket shall be delivered by the porter or other person employ.d.as aforesaid, at the fame time and together with such box, basket, packet, package, pareel, truss, game, or other thing; and if any such box, basket, or other article shall be sent from any inn, warehouse, or other place without such card or ticket as aforesaid, every such innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person (hall for every such offence fors.it and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings nor less than five shillings : and any porter or other person employ.d.in the delivery of any such box, basket, or other article, who shall not at the time of such delivery leave therewith such card or ticket as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully alter, obliterate, or deface any thing wrjtten or expres.ed thereon, (hall for every such offence fors.it and pay the film of forty shillings; and if any such porter or other person shall, upon the delivery of such box, basket, or other article, alk or demand, or take or receive any larger sum for the carriage of such article than is written or expres.ed as aforesaid, every such porter or other person shall for every such offence fors.it and pay the sum of tw.enty shilling..

IV.  And be it further enacted, That every box, balket, package, pareel, truss, game, or other thing brought to any inn, warehouse, or other place, by any public stage coach or carriage other than stage waggons, for the purpose of delivery within the limits aforesaid, (except where the fame shall be directed to be left till calied.for), shall be delivered according to the direction thereof within fix hours after the arrival of any such box, basket, or other article at such inn, warehouse, or other place, unless such arrival shall be between the hours of four in the evening and seven in the morning, and in that cafe every such delivery shall be made within fix hours after such hour in the morning, and in desau.t thereof every innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person, to whose inn, ware-houle, or other place such box, basket, or other article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall fors.it and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty shillings nor less than ten shilling..

V.  And be it further enacted, That every box, basket, package, pareel, truss, game, or other thing brought to any inn, warehouse, or other place, by any public stage waggon for the purpose of delivery within the limits aforesaid, (except where the fame shall be directed to be left till calied.for), shall be delivered according to the direction thereof within twenty-four hours after the arrival of any such box, basket, or other article at such inn, warehouse, or other place, and in desau.t thereof every innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person, to whose inn, warehouse, or other place such box, basket, or other article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall fors.it and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty shillings nor less than ten (hillings.

VI.  And be it enacted, That every such box, basket, package, pareel, truss, game, or other thing brought to such inn, warehouse, or other place as aforesaid, which shall be directed to be left till calied.for, iball, upon the demand of the person properly authorised to receive the fame, be delivered to such person without any charge or demand whatsoever, other than what is justly due for the carriage thereof, and the additional iumof two pence for the warehouse.room thereof; and if the fame

i8oo.]  39  Geo.  III. c. 58*.

be not delivered to such person upon such demand, or any charge other than as aforesaid be made or received in resp.<5t thereof, every innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person, to whose inn, warehouse, or -other place such box, basket, or other article (ball be brought as aforesaid, (hall fors.it and pay for every such offence or overe.arge any sum not exceeding twenty lhillings nor less than ten (hillings.

VJI. Provided nevertheless, That if such box, basket, or other article fo dire<5>ed to be left till calied.for be not sent for from such inn, warehouse, or other place before the end of one week after the fame is brought to such inn, warehouse, or other place, it shall be laws.l to and for such innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person to charge and receive the further sum of one penny for the warehouse.room thereof, and fo in like manner if the fame be not sent for before the end of the second or any subsequent week to charge the further sum of one penny weekly.

VIII.  Provided also, That if any such box, basket, or other article brought to such inn, warehouse, or other place as aforesaid, which is not directed to be left till calied.for, (hall, before the fame is sent for delivery from such inn, warehouse, or other place, be demanded by any person properly authorised to receive the fame, such box, basket, or other article (hall be thereupon delivered to such person fo demanding the fame; and it (hall in such cafe be laws.l to and for such innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person to charge and take the sum.uftlydue for the carriage thereof, and also the sum of two pence for the warehouse.room thereof; but if the fame be not delivered to such person upon such demand, or any charge other than as aforesaid be -made or received in respect thereof, every innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person, to whose inn, warehouse, or other place such box, basket, or other article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall fors.it and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty (hillings nor less than ten (hillings.

IX.  And, for the preventing the misbehaviour of porters or other per-fons employ.d.in the porterage or delivery of such boxes, baskets, packages, pareels, trusses, game, or other things as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That upon complaint made of any non-delivery, negleet. mif-conduct, or misbehaviour in such employment to any justice ot the peace within whose jurisdiction the offence has been committed, or the offender1 shall be or reside, it (hall and may be laws.l to and for such justice of the peace to grant a warrant to bring before him the person again ft whom such complaint shall be made, and upon proof, made upon oath, (which Ocath such justice is hereby empowered to administer., of any such non-

- delivery, neglcff, misconduct, or misbehaviour of such porter or other person. to impose a fine or penalty upon such porter or other person not exceeding the sum of twenty (hillings nor lei's than five (hillings.

X.  And be it further enasse.t, That if any person to whom any such box, basket, package, pareel, truss, game, or other article as aforesaid, shall be directed, shall, upon the delivery thereof, negleet.or ref life to pay to the porter or other person employ.d.to deliver the fame the money justly due for the carriage thereof, and also due for the porterage or delivery thereof, according to the rates aforesaid, or for the Warehouse.room thereof, as the cafe may be, it shall and may be laws.l to and for any justice of the peace within whose jurisdiction such negleet.or refusal shall be made, or the person charged with such offence (hall reside, irpon complaint thereof made, to grant a warrant to bring before him the person against whom such complaint (hall be made, and upon proof thereof, made upon oath, (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer., to award reasonable satisfaction to the party grieyed, for his damage and costs, and for his loss of time in recovering the fame, and oil non-payment of the sum fo awarded, by warrant under his hand and sea., to levy the fame by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, rendering to such offender the overplus of such distress, if any there be, after deducing the charges of making the fame.

XI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person (ball be prosecuted for any offence against this a<ft, unless information of such

f f j  offence

452*

Public Local and Perfonal A£ls [1800.

Offence be given to a justice of the peace within fourteen days next after the commi(lion of such offence.

XII.  Provided also, That nothing in this act contained (hall extend or be construed to extend to authorise the employment of any porter or other perfcn in the porterage or delivery of pareels.within the city of London contrary to the laws and usages of the said city.

XIII.  And, for the speedy recovery of all and every the penalties and fors.itures which shall be incurred under this a (ft, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be laws.l for any one or more justice orjustice. of the peace within whose juris.iCtion any offence or offences against this act shall be committed, or the person charged with such offence shall re-fide, upon complaint or information to him or them made, to summon the party or parties accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, to appear before him or them at a certain time and place in such summons to be specified, and upon the appearance of the party or parties accused, or in desau.t of his, her, or their appearance according to such summons, (due proof being made of the service of such summons., to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and upon due proof made of the oftVnce, either by the voluntary confefiion of the party or parties accused, or by the oath oV one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said justice or justices is or are empowered to administer., to convict the party or parties, and to award and adjudge the penalties im-posed.by this act to be paid by such offender or offenders, together with reasonable costs and charges attending such con vision, and upon nonpayment of the sum fo awarded, either immediately or at such time as the said justice cr justices shall appoint, not exceeding seven days, such justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had is or are hereby empowered and authorised to issue his or their warrant for apprehending such offender ; and in cafe such offender shall escape or go out of the juris.iCtion of such justice or justices, it shall and may be laws.l for any other justice of the peace of the county or place where such offender shall be found, by indorsement of such warrant, to authorise the execution thereof within the juris.iCtion of such justice, and the justice or justices who granted such warrant may, upon the offender being brought before him or them, commit such offender to forhe public prison or house of correction of the city, county, or place in which such offence shall have been committed, or such offender shall have resided, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any term not exceeding one calendar month or less than fourteen days from the day of every such commitment, unless such offender shall sooner pay the sum to be mentioned in every such warrant of commitment.

XSV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidene. before any such justice or justices of the peace touching any matter contained in this a<t, and shall have had a reasonable sum of money paid or tendered to him for his | loss of time and expences, and shall negleet.or resute.to appear at the 1 time and place for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his or their negleCt or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices, every such person shall fors.it or pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding forty shillings nor less than twenty {hillings, to be levied and paid in'such.manner and by such means as hereinbefore directed with respect to other penalties ; and if any person or persons summoned as a-witness.or witnesses to give evidene. as aforesaid shall appear at the time and place for that purpose appointed, but shall refuse to an-fwer any laws.l questions such justice or justices may think proper to put to him, such jultice or justices may commit every futh person to some prison or house of correction of the city, county, or place within the juris.iCtion of such justice or justices, for any time not exceeding fourteen days from the time of every such commitment.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the following form of words, or in anjir form of words to the fame esse.t \ (that is to fay),

To

453

i8oo.]

To wit

•r

39 Geo. III. c. 58*.

>E it remembered, That on this  day  of

h in the  year  of  his majesty King

A. B. is convicted before me (or us)  one (or two) of his Majesty’s

justice. of the peace for the city of London, (or tor the city and liberty of JVeflmins.er, or for the county of  as  the cafe 7nay be,) for that

the said A. B. on the  day  of  now  last  past  did,

contrary to the statute in that cafe made and provided [here fate the offence agains.the acf] ; and I (or we) do declare and adjudge, that the laid A. B. hath fors.ited the Turn of  of  laws.l money of Great

Britain for the offence aforesaid. Given under my hand and sea., (or our hands and seals., the day and year aforesaid.'’

And the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had shall. certify the fame to the next generator quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the city, county, liberty, or place wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amonglt the records of the said general or quarter sessions, and such conviction shall be good and valid in the law to all intents and purposes, and shall not be quaffied, let alide, or judged void or in sufficient for want of form only, and (hall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty’s court of King's bene., but ihall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVI.  Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who ffiall think him, her, or themselyes.aggrieyed.by the judgement or determination of any such justice or justices as aforesaid, may appeal to the justices of the peace for the city, liberty, county, or place where such judgement ffiall be given, at their then next general or general quarter sessions of the peace, unleis.such next general or general quarter sessions of the peace ffiall happen to be holden within fix days next alter any such conviClion, and in luch cafe such person or persons may appeal to the second general or general quarter sessions of the peace which ffiall be holden for any luch city, liberty, county, or place next after any such conviction, but no such appeal ihall be received, heard, or determined unless the appellant or appellants ihall first enter into a recognizance with two lufficient lureties, before such justice or justices fo convicting as aforesaid, in the sum of ten pounds each, to appear and prosecute every such appeal with esse.t; and the justices of the peace at such general or general quarter sessions of the peace are hereby autho-rifed and required on every such appeal being made, and on reasonable notice thereof given to the other party, finally to hear and determine the. matter of every such appeal, and to nuke such order and to award such costs therein as they in their disere.ion ihall fee meet, and which said order and determination shall be final and conelusive.to all parties, and no Certiorari ihall be allowed to remove any luch proceedings or determination.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That one moiety of the penalties by this aCl imposed shall,-when recovered, go and be paid to the person or persons who (hall prosecute to conviClion any such offender or offenders, and the other moiety to the poor of the pans.i in which the offence ihall be committed.

XVIII.  And be* it further enacted, That no person ffiall be sued or prosecuted for any thing done in purs.anee and m execution of this a cl after the expiration of fix months from the time when the offence was committed, and every such fuit or prosecution ihall be brought in the city, county, or place where such offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere ; and every person fo sued shall and may plead the general iisue.(not guilty), and may give this act and the special matter in evidene. at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if a verdiCt ffiall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff ffiall become non-suited.or dif-continue his act.on after the defendant ffiall have appeared, or if judgement ffiall be given upon a demurrer again ft the plaintiff or plaintiff's, the defendant or defendants in every such act.on shall receive double costs, and have the like remedy for the lame as defendants have in other cases.for the recovery of their colts.

F F 3  XIX.  And

454*  ' Public Local and Perfonal Ads , [1800.

XIX.  And be it further enatfed, That this atf: shall be deemed and taken to be a publick abt, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other perlons whomsoever, without specially ' pleacting.the fame.

Cap. 69.

An act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the port of London.—[July 12, 1799.]

Preamble.  THE  REAS confiderable disadvantages to the trade of the port

VV °f London arise from the circuitous course of the river Thames round the tract of lands calied.The Ifle of Dogs: and whereas, from the very great and progrejfive inere.se of the number and fixe of ships and other vessels tracting.to the port ^London, the river Thames, in the /aid ports is, in general, fo much crowded with flipping, light.rs, and other cras., that the navigation of a confiderable part of the said river is rendered tedious and dangerous ; and there is much want of room in the said port, for the safe and convenient mooring of vessels and access to them : and whereas great ineon.eni-cncies are also experieneed.in the said port, for want of regulations coneer.ing the navigating and mooring of vessels in the fame: and vohereas want of accomniodation for the landing and flipping of goods, wares, and merchandize, has for some years pajl been experieneed, by reason of the confined and crowdedfate of the legal quays in or belonging to the said port: and whereas great delays, accidents, damages, Ioffes, and extraordinary expences, are sustained from the aforesaid tauses, to the hindrance of commerce, and the great injury of the pub-lick revenue: and whereas the said evils might, in a confiderable degree, be remedied, if a navigable canal for /hips and other veffils, were made across the said Ifle of Dogs, between Blackwall and Limehouse.Hole, and if proper meajures were adopted for the better navigating and mooring of /hips and other vessels in the river Tnames; and aljo if good and fvfficient wet docks and basons were made in some part or parts of the said Ifle of Dogs, with quays, wharfs, and warthoise. attached thereto, for the reception, aifcharge, and loacting.of /hips and vessels in the Weft India trade: but inasmuch as the jams cannot be esse.ted without the aid and authority of parhame.t, way it theres.re please your Majesty that it maybe enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t afTembled, and by the au-Common thority of the fame, That the mayor, aldermen, and commons powered to* of the city of London, in common couneil.assembled, shall be, make a navi- and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by themselyes, gable canal their committees, agents, workmen, and seryan.s, to design, acrois the Ifle layout, make, maintain, and support, according to such plan q Doga. or pjans> ancj jn such manner and form as they shall approve of, a navigable canal with proper and necessary cuts, flood gates, and other works adjoining or belonging thereto, to be situated in and pass through the said. trabl ot land calied.The Ifle of Dogs> in the hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, and parish of Stebonlie.th,

ptherwife

i8oo.]

39 Qeo. III. c. 69*.

455*

otherwise.Stepney, within the Tovjer division of the county of Middlesex, commonly calied.The Tower Hamlets, and to communie.te with the river Thames, at or near Blackwall aforesaid, and also at or near a place calied.Limehouse.Hole> fo as to open, provide, and afford, a safe, ready, and convenient navigable course, and passage, for (hips and other vefleis, across the said JJle of Dogs.

II.  And be it further enabled, That it shall be laws.l for the Power to said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.afiem- ^^ack bled, to build, repair, and maintain, two or more piers within Limehouse.11 the tide way of the river Thames, at or near Blackwall aforesaid. Hole, to faci-and two or more piers within the tide way of the said river, at litate the en-or near Limehouse.Hole aforesaid, to the intent that ships, and Ranees into other vefleis, may safely and conveniently enter into and go out1 e caQa *

of the said canal: provided nevertheless, That such piers shall not be built fo as to injure the navigation of the said river.

III.  Line of canal docks, &c. to be according to the plan and book of referene., without deviation, unless with the consent of parties mtereste. in the lands.

IV.  Power to enter lands, and survey, design, and fet out.

V.  Powers to lupply the canal with water from the Thames; and for that purpose to make sough., aqueducts, See. and to cleanse watercourses and raise the banks thereof j and to make watering places for cattle; and to dig, remove, and carry away earth. Sec. and to build bridges, flood gates, toll houses, &c. and to divert and alter ways, bridges. See. and to lay and work materials on the adjoining grounds; and to make bricks, and take sand from the river; and to make or alter fences, Sec. and to make towing paths, See. and to make and do all other things neceilary,

&c. doing as little damage as may be, and making satisfaction tor damages.

VI.  Power to arch over, fill up, or alter sewers and drains, and to build new ones under the direction of the commissioners of sewers for the Tower Hamlets. Such new sewers to be vetted in and under the direction of the commissioners of sewers.

VII.  Power to make and maintain draw and fvvivel bridges.

VIII.  And be it further enacted. That it (hall be laws.l for Power to

the said mayor, aldejmen, and commons, in common couneil.build on, flop assembled, to cause to be built upon, flopped up, or inclosed,  ole»

any of the present streets, courts, alleys, ways, or pasia.es, and Greets, and void ground, adjoining, or which shall adjoin, to the said works, also courts, and now or heretofore used as ways or pasia.es, or any part or

parts thereof, which shall appear to the said mayor, aldermen, iet°the and commons, in common couneil.assembled, proper to be built ground, upon, flopped up, or inclosed, for any of the purposes of this a<5!; and to fell and dispose of, or let the ground and foil thereof, to any person or persons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, for such uses as they shall think proper, fo as the money arising by such sale or sales, or letting, be applied to the purposes of this a6l.

IX.  Power to repair works damaged by floods.

X.  Power to scour the canal, See. Remove wrecks of (hips, &c.

XI.  Power to cleanse adjoining watercourses, at the land owner’s ex-pence.

XII.  The common couneil.in making the said works are not to prejudice or obstruct the works of the Welt India dock company.

XIII.  Houses, buildings, or mooring chains, are not to be taken, altered, Scc. till paid for.

XIV. And

Hosted

F F 4

Common couneil.empowered to pure.ale houses, lands, &c. within certain limits, on and near the Ifle.of

Public Local and Perfonal A<£ts [1800.

XIV.  And be it further enabled, That it {hall be laws.l for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.astem.led, and they are hereby empowered for the purposes in this a<5t mentioned, to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other persons interested therein, for the pure.ale of all such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of what nature or kind soever, in or near the hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, and parish of Stebonlie.th, other-wife Step?iey aforesaid, and in the parish of Saint Ann, Limehouse, in the said county of Middlesex, as they or the said TVefi India dock company, shall judge necessary to be pure.ased, employ.d. taken down,’ removed, altered, or made use of in and about the works or coneer.s of the said canal, docks, basons, cuts, sluices, quays, or wharfs, warehouses, and other works, by this a£t authorised to be made, as herein is mentioned, or any of them, or enlarging or improving the fame respectively, fo as the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo to be treated or agreed for, or pure.ased, (hall be respectively situated, or (hall arise or be within the boundary line or limits next herein-after described ; (that is to fay). Within a boundary line formed by and coinciding with the bank or (hore of the river Thames, from the south weft corner of the dock yard and premises at Blackwall, belonging to and in the occupation of John Perry, along the said river upwards, according to the circuitous course thereof, round and including the east, south, and weft (ides of the said IJle of Dogs, up to the north-weft corner of a dock calied.The Lime Kiln Dock, at or near Limehouse.Hole aforesaid, and from thence extending eastward along the north-weft fide of and including the fame lime kiln dock, as far as the north-east.corner thereof, and from thence extending eastward along the north brink or fide of and including the common fewer there, as far as* the north-east.corner of a field belonging to and now in the occupation of Thomas Drain, and from thence turning southward along and including a drain at the east end of the said field, as far as the south.weft extremity of the gardens or garden grounds lying on the east fide of the fame last.mentioned drain, and then turning eastward across a way or pastage.there, calied.Dingle's Laney and along the north fide of a field belonging to and in the occupation of Wiilia. Shelton, up to a road calied.Gut Lane, and then returning southward along the east fide of the said road, as far as the north-weft corner of'a field belonging to and in the occupation of Wiilia. Newhy; and from thence extending eastward ^long the north fide of the fame field, and along the backs or south boundaries of the gardens belonging to the houses there {landing on the south fide of the street calied.Poplar Street, as far as the north end of the rope manus.ctory, calied.Perry's Rope Ground, situated on the weft fide of the street calied.Blackwall Gaujeway, and continuing eastward along the north end of, and including the said rope grounds, to the north-east.corner thereof, and continuing further eastward in the fame line across a row of (beds, or other buildings there* into the said street, and from

;hence

iSoo.]  39  Geo.  III.  c.  69*.

thence returning southward along the weft fide of Blackwall Cause.way aforesaid, as far as such place or spot on the said weft fide as is opposite to the north-weft corner of a meftuage and pre-mise. on the east fide of the said street or cause way, in the occupation of Edward Dounce, and then crosting.the laid street or causeway at right angles, and going eastward along the north end or boundary of the last mentioned meftuage and premises, to the north-east.corner thereof, and then returning southward along the backs or east boundaries of and including the messuages and premises there, in the respective occupations of Edward Dounce and Thomas Berry, and then returning eastward along the north fide, and up to the north-east.corner of the meftuage and premises in the occupation of Richard Beefom, and then turning and proceeding southward in a direct line to the south.east.corner of the meftuage and premises in the occupation of Robert Jackfon, and from thence continuing southward in a direct line to the north-east.corner of the warehouses belonging to and in the occupation of captain Pelley, and from thence continuing south.ward along the backs or east boundaries of the fame warehouses and premises down to the adjoining wharf and premises, belonging to and in the occupation of Thomas Newte, and then turning eastward along the north end, and southward along the east fide of the last mentioned premises, down to the river Thames, at the south.weft corner of the aforesaid dock yard and premises belonging to and in the occupation of John Perry.

XV.  No person compeliable.to fell part of his premises, if willing to fell the whole, unless in certain cases,

XVI.  Power of pure.asing limited to five years.

XVII.  When parties refuse, or are unable to treat, See. the court of mayor and aldermen to issue a precept for impanelling a jury ; who are to be drawn as the a<d of 3 Geo. 2. direct.. Jurymen may be chalien.ed.

Jury to assess the value on oath. Verdid: of the jury, &c. to be final. Previous notice being given to parties inteveste..

XVIII.  The justices at general or quarter fefiions empowered to impqfe fines for non-attendane., Sec.

XIX.  Bodies politick, Sec. trustees, and other persons, empowered to fell and convey lands, Sec.

XX.  Bargains and sales to have the force of fines and recoveries.

XXI.  Upon payment of the value agreed for, or aflefied, the premises to be conveyed to the corporation of London. When a good title cannot be made, or legal conveyances executed, or the parties are not to be found, Sec. court to order the pure.ase money to be paid into the bank, Sec. subject: to the order of the court of chaneery.on motion or petition.

XXII.  Mortgagees, on tender of principal and interect, to convey.

On refusal interest to cease.

XXIII.  Upon payment of mortgage money into the bank, premises to vest in the corporation.

XXIV.  Verdid:s and judgements, and receipts of cash.ers of the bank, to be entered among the records. Immediately after verdict:s, judgements, payments, See. premises to vest in the city.

XXV.  Purchas. money of premises belonging to incapacitated persons,

&c. to be inverted in the pure.ase of other premises to be sett.ed to the like uses ; and in the mean time such money to be paid into the bank, and laid out in navy, vidmalling, or exchequer bills, in the name of the accountant general. But if such money be iefs than one hundred pounds, and not less than twenty pounds, the fame to be paid to such persons as the parties entitled shall appoint, in trust, to be inverted in the pure.as.

of

458*  Public  Local  and  Perfonal  Ads  [1800.

of other premises to be sett.ed to the like uses 5 and in the mean time, such monies to be placed out on securities in the names of trustees, for the benefit of the parties entitled.

XXVI.  Perfons having any right, Sec. to enter their claims within a limited time, or be barred j

XXVII.  But may recover the pure.ase money, &c. from persons receiving the fame.

XXVIII.  Tenants at will, See. to deliver possession on fix months notice.

XXIX.  Monies to be paid, or tendered, before any use made of the

premise..

XXX.  The messuages, lands, 5cc. to be pure.ased, and the canal, buildings, See. to be made and built by the common couneil, are to be vetted in the corporation. Corporation empowered to prosecute in €a(e of damaees done to the works.

Power to let, fell, 5cc. any buildings, lands. Sec. not neeeffary for the puvpofcs of this act;

and to use or fell oM materials ;

and to grant licences for building on parts of the greets, &c.

XXXI. And be it further ena61ed, That it shal. be laws.l for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.afiembled, to let, fell, or difpoie of, or cause to be let, fold, or disposed of, all or any part or parts of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo to be pure.ased as afore-said, as may not be necefiary to be retained for, and laid into, or made use of, in making, completing, supporting, maintain-ing, preserving, and managing the canal, docks, basons, cuts. Unices, quays, wharfs, warehouses, and other the said intended works hereby authorised to be made, together with all or any part or parts of the ereds.ons, buildings, and improyemen.s, which (hall-be built and made in or upon the fame respectively, to such person or persons as shal. be willing to contract, agree for, rent, or pure.ase the fame, in such manner, upon such terms, and for such considerations as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.afiembled, shal. from time to time judge proper and think mofi: advantageous; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII.  And be it further enact.ed, That the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.afiembled, lhall and may use, or cause to be used, all or any part of the old materials of houses and other buildings, to be taken down, removed, or altered respect.ively, pursuant to this a61, in or about the making and finishing of the aforesaid canal, cuts, new buildings, and other works, or any of them, hereby authorised to be made or done by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons; or the fame materials, or any part thereof, shal. and may fell, or cause to be fold, as they shal. think fit.

XXXIII.  And whereas it may be proper to build houses, or parts of houses, on forne parts of the present Jlreets, ways, or pnjsages, intended to be altered or flopped up by virtue of this ait: be it there^ fore further enact.ed. That it shal. be laws.l for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.afiembled, for and in consideration gf such sum or sums of money, or yearly rent or rents, as they shal. think reasonable, to grant unto the owner or owners of the freehold and inheritance of the ho use or houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, next adjoining in front to the said ground to be pure.ased, licence or licences, under the common sea. of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens,

of

 GoOglC

i8oo.]  39  Geo.  III. c. 69*.  459*

of the said city of London, to build upon and inclose To much of

the ground, and foil in the front of the said resp.ts.ive house or

houles, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they the

said.mayor, aldermen, and commons, (hall judge fit and proper

to be built upon; and the ground and foil fo built upon in pur-  /

fuance of such licence or licences, shall for ever, or for or during

the time or term to be expressed in such licence or licences, and

subject. to the conditions therein to be contained, be annexed to

the adjoining freehold ; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XXXIV.  Monies arising by leases, sales, or licences, to be appropriated to the purposes of this ad.

XXXV.  And whereas the right honourable Peter lord Gwydir, by virtue of and under certain letters patent, granted to him by the King’s mojl excelien. majessy, is entitled to the several mooring chains in the river Thames, between London Bridge and Bugby’s Hole, therein deferibed or mentioned, for the term of years, and subject to the yearly rent therein expresse.t: and whereas it is expect.ent for the purposes of this aft, that all the estates, terms, and inter efts, of the said Peter lord Gwydir, and his assigns, in the said mooring chains, should be asigned.rsurrendered.to his Majessy.: be it theres.re further enabled,

That the said Peter lord Gwydir and his assigns (hall, and they Lord Gwy^

are hereby required, within fix months next after the palling of ^

this abl, and upon receiving such compensation or satis.abfion as chains°tolbf

is herein-after direbted to be made to him and them, legally and assigned and

esse.tually to afllgn and surrender to the King’s majesty, his heirs surrendered.

and successors, all such mooring chains, and rights and interests to lus Ma-

relating to or coneer.ing mooring chains, as are comprised in J

and expressed or intended to be granted and aemiled by the laid

letters patent, and all the fees, dues, prosi.s, and advantages  ,

thereof, and all the estates, terms, and interects, of the said Peter

lord Gwydir, and his assigns, of and in the fame resp.es.vely, to

the intent that such estates, terms, and interects, may be thereby

merged and extinguisti.d ; and in consideration thereof there (hall

be' paid to the said Peter lord Gwydir, and his assigns, from and

out of the fund calied.The consolidated Fund, such compensation.

or satis.ablion in resp.bt of the fame mooring chains and premise.

as is herein-after mentioned in that belial..

XXXVI.  After the surrender of the mooring chains, all rents and dues in re'tpedt thereof to cease.

XXXVII.  Common couneil.empowered to remove and alter the present mooring chains, and place others, under the infpebtion and approbation of the Trinity House.

XXXVIII.  And whereas the ships in the Weft India- trade fre- Recitals,

quently arrive at the port ^London in large fleets, andoccasion.great  the

crowding, confusion, and damage therein; and their cargoes being

carried in light.r. to the legal quays, cai fe upon the said quays, and in docks,°&c. the passage thither, great obflrust.ons, ineon.enience, and delay, and\w the Ifle of are expojed to pilfering and fraud, whereby the ovoners Justain.great  tLe

. lofts, and the publick revenue is much 'injured: and whereas if good and (hipping ^ fuftfleient wet docks were made in the [aid Iffe of Dogs, with legal * quays and wharfs^ and also warehouses attached thereto^for the reception

460*  Public  Local  and  Perfonal  Ads  [1800.

tion and discharge of Jkips and other vessels in the Weft India trade, great additional room, and much accommodation would be thereby given ~ to the reji of the flipping ufwg the said port, and the Weft India produce might be esse.tually Jecured from loss by theft, or other causes, and the publick revenue greatly benesited., and it is theres.re expect.ent that sue.? docks, with legal quays and wharfs, and warehouses attached thereto, and other works and conveniences for the use of flips and vessels employ.d.in the Weft India trade,fiould be forthwith made and e/tab listed: and whereas the several per Jons next herein-after named have agreed to be original members of and to form a company for that purpoje,jointly with such other persons as fiall hereast.r become original members thereof and have entered into a jubfeription towards raising the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, as a capital, or jointflock or fund, for carrying into execution and completing the fame works and improyemen.s herein after more particulari. mentioned.

Karnes of subs.vibers. who, with the persons hereast.r to become subs.vibers, towards railing five hundred thousand pounds, are tobe united into a company of proprietors of the intended docks and their appurtenances, to be ltyled, 44 The Weft India Dock Company/’

XXXIX. Sum fo subs.ribed to be considered as a capital or joint flock. Stock to oe deemed personal estate, and trans.ifiible as such.

XL. The proprietors empowered to fell and transfer their stock.

XLI No persons answerable for more than their respective stock.

XL1I. Company to pay five p.r cent, as interest or dividends on the monies subs.ribed, until the docks and the works which shall belong thereto, shall be completed, and afterwards interest or dividends not exceeding ten pounds per centum.

XLIII. The company may inere.se their stock to fix hundred thousand pounds.

XLIV\ The company's directors empowered to audit accounts of receivers; and to make calls on the proprietors, not exceeding ten per cent, osten.r than two months. Perfons negleet.ng to comply with such calls, to fors.it five per cent, and may oe sued for their rdpeCtive shares by the company; and if fo negleet.ng for three calendar months, may either be fo sued, or, at the option of the directors, to fors.it all their share and interest in the said undertaking, in fayour.of reft of the proprietors.

,  XLV.  No  advantage  of  any fors.iture to be taken until notice, nor unless.

the lame be declared fors.ited at a general meeting. Perfons fo fors.iting indemnisi.d against act.ons subsequent thereto.

XLVI. RepreTentatives of proprietors before call (no provision being made for the fame) charged therewith as debtors ; but on refusal or neg-leCt to answer such call, company empowered to admit other persons as proprietors in their stead, on re-payment of all monies advaneed.by such deceased proprietor.

XLVI1. First meeting of the company to be within thirty days after pasting this act; publick notice thereof in the Gazette and other newl'pa-pers. Subsequent.general meetings to be within the city of London. No meeting held at less than seven days notice, both days inelusive. ^th^^rec-* XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That within one calendar tors of the  month next after the pasting of this act the said company shall, at

fhid company, their first or feme subsequent meeting, choose and appoint, by bal-and ofthe  lot, thirteen persons of the members of the said company, who

and demt  resp.(^vety  possessed  of  at  least  two  thousand  pounds  of  the

chairman ^  said capital stock, and also eight other persons, four of whom

*  shall be aldermen of the city of London, and the remaining four

common

461*

*8oo.]  39  Geo.  III.  c.  69*.

common couneil.en of the said city ; and that file. twenty-one persons fo to be nominated and appointed shall be, and be calied.the directors for conducing and managing the assai.s and bufi-nefs of the said company ; and they the said directors shall choose and ele£t from among themselyes.two persons, to be the chairman and deputy chairman of the meetings of the said directors, and of the general meetings of the said company, and shall and may meet at such places within the city of London, and at such who shall time or times as the major part of such dire£tors fo assembled, the directors present not being less than five, shall deem conve- times for nient, for executing the powers given them by this a 6\ • and if their meet-it shall fo happen, that at any meeting of the said directors, or at inSs> any general meeting of the said company, neither the chairman nor deputy chairman fo to be chosen as aforesaid (hall attend, it shall be laws.l for the major part of the directors then prese.r, to appoint a chairman for that oceafion ; and such directors lb to be appointed as aforesaid, shall continue in office until others  con”

shall.be chosen in their Heads, as herein-after is mentioned, *'>thers he unless any such director or directors resp.6Hvely shall die, or be chosen in their removed, or any of the persons who shall have been fo chosen Heads, unless directors from amongst the members of the said company, shall ^ey |h^M*er dispose of his or their respective (hare or shares or interest in the ordTfmialshed. said flock, fo as to reduce the fame to less than the said sum of two thousand pounds, or any of the aldermen or common couneil.en, who fnall have been appointed as aforesaid, lhall cease to be an alderman or common counciiman.; in any of which cases.a new or other director in the room of every such director fo dying, being fo removed, or having disposed of his or their said flock, or ceasing to be an alderman or common counciiman, shall be appointed by the said company, from time to time, as oceafion may require, in such and the fame manner, and according to or under such conditions and rest.i&ions, as the director or directors fo dead, removed, or disqualisle., shall have been, or ought to have been, appointed; and such new director or direct.ors fo to be appointed as lafl-mentioned, ill a 11 continue in office for such time or resp.6live times, and ho longer, as the director or directors in whose Head he or they (hall be fo respectively appointed ought to have continued in office, if such death or deaths, removal, or disqualifie.tion, had not happened.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That five A certain at least of the said twenty-one directors shall go out of office in rotation every year, and five others shall be appointed to succeed ou^of office*0 them in manner following, that is to fay ; Three of those who fnall yearly, and have been appointed of and out of the members of the said others ap-company, (hall go out of office every year, and the said company ]^nte4 ^ (hall appoint by bailot.to succeed them, three other persons of uccee em* the members of the said company, who shall be respectively poflefi'ed of at lead two thousand pounds of the said capital flock; and one alderman and one common counciiman, being two others of the said dire<5tors who shall have been fo appointed as aforesaid, shall also go out of office every year, and the said company

Two general meetings to be held yearly.

Qualification of voters at the general meetings.

Limitation to four votes.

Queftions decided by vote.

Public Local and Perfonal Afts [1800.

pany (hall appoint by bailot.another alderman and another common counciiman.to succeed them : provided also, That none of the said directors to be appointed under this aft shal.e.ntinue longer in the said office of director than four succeeding years, and theres.re, and in order that the longer continuance of any of them in office, may be prevented, four at least of those directors who (hall have been appointed of and out of the members of the said company, shall go out of office in rotation every fourth year, and the said company shall appoint by bailot.to succeed them four other persons, of the members of the said company, who shall be respectively pofTefTed of at least two thousand pounds of the said capital flock ; and in regard that the said rotations cannot take place during the first three years after the parting of this aft, the directors, who are to go out of office as aforesaid, at the end of each of the fame three years, shall be aseer.ained and known by drawing lots for that purpose, at any of the meetings of the said directors, in such fair and proper manner as the said directors shall, in their disere.ion, agree to and approve of: provided also, That the persons who shall have served the said office of director shall, if otherwise properly qualisle., be eligible to be re-chosen, after having been out of the said office for one year.

L. And be it further enacted, That two general meetings of the said Wejl India dock company, at least, (hall be held yearly, whereof one shall be in the first week of the month of January, and the other in the first week of the month of July, in every year; and such notices thereof respectively shall be given and fixed up as aforesaid.

LI. Any nine proprietors may request an extraordinary general meeting to be calied, by notice to the clerk or treasur.r.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every person, or body politick or corporate, his, her* or their successors, executors, ad-minis.rators, or assigns, who shall be a proprietor or proprietors of five hundred pounds and upwards of the said flock, and less than two thousand pounds, shall have one vote at every general meeting of the laid company; or proprietor or proprietors of two thousand pounds or upwards, and less than five thousand pounds of the said flock, two votes at every such meeting; or proprietor or proprietors of five thousand pounds of the said flock and upwards, and less than ten thousand pounds, three votes at every such meeting; or proprietor or proprietors of ten thousand pounds and upwards of the said flock, four votes, and no more, in every general meeting to be held by the said company by virtue of this aft ; which vote or votes may be given by any body or bodies politick or corporate, by their attorney or representative laws.lly authoriled for such purpose; but no person shall hold more than one power of attorney, or be the representative of more than one such body; nor shall any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, not entitled respectively to five hundred pounds or upwards of the said flock, have any vote or votes at any such meeting ; and every question, matter, or thing, which shall be proposed, diseusse., or considered in any general meeting of the

463*

i8oo.]  39  Geo.  III.  c. 69*.

Taid company, to be held by virtue of this adl, shal. be finally determined by the majority of votes then present ; arid if such votes Chairman to shall be equal, the chairman presiding at such meeting (hall have  ca^~

the calling vote, although he dial! have given his vote or votes s ’ as proprietor or stock.older; and every question, if required by ?r by'bailot, any five or more persons having votes, (hall be determined by bailot, to be entered upon and completed forthwith, in which to have the*1 cafe the chairman for the time being shall in like manner have a calling vote, casting vote.

LIU.  If the corporation of London shall be proprietors of part of the said Hock, the common couneil.to appoint one per ton for every thousand pounds of such flock to be a representative for tre purpose of voting for the corporation at the general meetings ; and each inch representative to have one vote only ; and on the death, removal, &c. of any such represe.-tatives, the common couneil.to appoint others instead ; and if the corporation dispose of part of the flock, the number of such representatives is to be lesien.d in due proportion,

LIV.  Qualification to vote by twelve months possession of flock.

LV. Five of the directors to be a quorum at their meetings. Quesho.s to be decided by a majority. 4

LVI. And be it further enabled, That the said direct.ors and Directors their successors, fo from time to time to be nominated and ap-pointed as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and docks 8cc. empowered by themselyes, their agents, workmen, and seryan.s, on the Ifleos.within the space of five years from and after the pafiiog of this adf, to design, lay out, make, and complete, according to such plan or plans, and in such manner and form as they (half approve of, one or more navigable dock or docks, bason or basons, and cut or cuts, with quays or wharfs, and warehouses adjoining, or attached to the fame, or to any part or parts thereof, to be situated in such part of the said tract of land calied.The IJle of Dogs, as shall be to the northward of the said intended canal, and on part of the ground herein-before authorised and directed to be pure.ased for, and conveyed to, or veiled in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, and to communie.te with the river Thames at or near Lime-house.Hole aforesaid, and also at or near Blackwall aforesaid.

LVII. And be it further enabled. That the said directors shall Directo.s aland may also build, or cause to be built, from time to time, such bmfd^ua^ and fo many quays, wharfs, and warehouses as they shall think  war^^

necestar. and proper, along the banks of, or adjoining or near houses adjoin-the said several intended docks and basons respectively, last herein- ing the docks before authorised to be made, or any of them, convenient and an<J hafjns. sufficient for the trade and business of the docks, and for the landing and dise.arging, laeti.g.arid shipping.f any goods, wares, or merchandise, that shall or may, at any time or times, be legally landed or shipped at the said quays or wharfs.

LVIIl. And be it also enabled, That such of the said docks as A wall and shall be used for the unloacting.of ships, together with the quays, dite. to be warehouses, and other buildings to be made and built upon or ^dVmund near the banks thereof, shall be surrounded and enclosed by a the dock for jstrong.and durable brick or stone wall, not'less.than thirty feet unloacting.high on all fides, leaving only proper spaces in such wall for the ibips, andfo

Public Local and Perfonal Ads [1800.

cuts and other necefTary entrances into such dock; and for the proper and neeeffary gateways through the said wall; and immediately without the said wall, and on every part of the outside thereof, except where it {hall adjoin any dock or bason which may be made without the fame, there (hall be a dite. of twelve feet at lead, which shall be always kept filied.with water to the depth of not less than fix feet; and which said wall and dite. the said directors are hereby authorised and required to build and make accordingly; and no house or other building (hall on any account or pretence whatsoever, be hereast.r erected on the outside of the said wall, and within the space of one hundred yards Theres.om ; and if any person or persons shall hereast.r ereis. any house or other building whatsoever, on the outside of the said wall, and within the last.mentioned distane. theres.om, he, {he, or they fo offending, shall, for such offence, fors.it and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and also the further sum of fist. pounds for evpry month during which such offender or offenders shall permit such house, or other building, or any of the materials thereof, to stand or remain within that distane. from the said wall,

and to build LIX. And be it further enaeste., That it shall be laws.l for the walhnVllime"*  directors to build, repair, and maintain two or more piers

house.Hole to w^^*in *he tide way of the river Thames, at or near Blackwall facilitate the aforesaid, and two or more piers within the tide way of the said entrances into river, at or near Limehouse.Hole aforesaid, to the intent that ships, the docks,&c. barges, and other vessels, may safely and conveniently enter into and go out1 of the said intended docks, basons, and cuts, last hereby authorised to be made: provided nevertheless, That such piers shall not be built fo as to injure the navigation of the said river.

LX. Power to make and repair cuts, sluices, bridges, roads, &c.

LXL Drains to be made, to carry ofF water from private property.

LXJI. The directors empowered to flop up, alter, and build sewers. Such new sewers, not being within the dock walls, to be vested in and under the direction of the com mi hi oners of sewers for the Tower Hamlet9.

LX1II. Power to the directors to make and maintain draw and swivel bridges.

LXIV. Power to alter and divert highways.

LXV. Power to get materials, and remove obstruct.ons in adjoining lands; and to lay materials on the adjoining premises, satisfying the owners.

LXVI Power to make bricks, and to take sand from the river.

LXVII. Perfons not to take sand from the bed of the river without written authority.

LXV1II. Power to supply the docks, &c. with water from the river Thames, &c. and to make feeders, See. for that purpose.

LX1X. Power to repair works damaged by floods.

LXX. Power to scour the docks, &c. and remove wrecks, Sec.

LXXI. Power to cleanse adjoining water-courses, at the land owner's ex pence.

LXXII. No flips, &c. for building or repairing ships, to be made in or adjoining the docks; nor company coneer.ed in building or repairing ship..

LXXIII. The making and uflng of the docks, See. not to prejudice or ob(tru<5t the canal.

LXXIV. Jnd, for more esse.tually enabling the said directors to

lay

464*

clos. the quays and warehouses;

i806v]  39  Geo.  III.  c.69*.

lay out, male and complete, and use and enjoy the /aid doclsy bason.* cuts,  lajl hereby authorised to be made, tf/zd for pre-

v'tous.y vefiing the land or ground whereon the fame are or fall be intended to be situa.edy a fid the fee jimple and inheritance thereof in truse.s, for the benefit of the said company ; be it further enatffed,

That asfsoon.as conveniently may be after the lands or grounds whereon the fame lass mentioned docks, basons, cuts, and other ^ires.ofs to6 works, are or shall be intended to be situated, and the fee fi'mple make the and inheritance thereof shall be veiled in the mayor and com- docks, &c. monaity and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, ^ it shall be laws.l for them, the said mayor and commonalty and ? to none.tizens* and their successors, and they are hereby authorised andy.ythe required, at the cods and charges of the said company, and by ground, such good and sufficient deeds, conveyances, and afTuranees in where the the law, as the said directors, or any five or more of them, or be^huated° their couneil.in the law, ihall advise and require, to grant, con- to fix truths vey, and assure unto fix persons to be chosen and  appointed by in  fee,  in  trust.

the said directors, or any five or more of them,  and approved  tor  the com-

of by the said company at a general meeting, and to the heirs P*11?4 smd assigns of such fix persons, fo many, or all such pareel.or pareels, of the houses, .buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall lie or be to the northward of the said intended canal, and beyond the distane. of one hundred feet theres.om, and which shall be part of the ground fo as aforesaid authorised to be pure.ased in the said Ifie of Dogsy as shall, in the judgement of the said directors for the time being, be proper, necessary, and sufficient for making the fame docks, basons, cuts, and other works ; and all the rights, members, and  appurtenances

belonging, or which shall then belong, to the  fame houses,

buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo to be conveyed ; to hold the fame unto and to the use of the said fix persons, their heirs and assigns for ever, or for all such estates, terms, and interects, as the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or their successors, shall have or be entitled to therein respectively ; which said fix persons, their heirs and assigns, shall thenceforth stand and be seised of and interested in the fame, in trust for, and for the proper use and benefit of the said company of proprietors, and their successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, holding for the time being shares in the said flock: anffforand in consideration of the houses,buildings, lands, tene-ments, and other hereditaments, fo to be conveyed and assured [he^ofthe as last.mentioned, the said company of proprietors shall at or company to before the executing of such conveyance, well and truly reim- reimburse burse and pay to the said mayor ana commonalty and citizens, what the cor-or their successors, all such sum and Turns of money as they  for

shall.have paid and dish.rsed, as and for the pure.ase money, the fame, and the other costs and charges attending the pure.ase, of the fame.

LXXV. Whensoever, by means of death or otherwise, the number of the last.mentioned trustees shall become less.han four, the direct.ors to elect fo many others as may make up fix, to be approved of at a general

Vol, XLII.

* G c

meetmg,

The lord mayor empowered to appoint har-buur matters:

their powers.

Public Locakand Perfonal A£ls [1800.

meeting, and then the dock premises are to be vested in the continuing and new trustees jointly.

LXXVL If the common couneil.(hall for three months refuse or negleet.to pure.ase the premises which ought to be pure.ased and conveyed to trustees for the company as aforesaid, the directors are empowered to pure.ase the fame instead of the common couneil; and the premises fo to be pure.ased are to be conveyed to, and vested in, the company's trust.es.

LXXVII. In cafe any of the premises pure.ased ftiall become vested in the corporation of London, who shall negle£t to convey the fame to the company's trustees, within two months thereaster, on tender of what the corporation shall have paid for the fame, then the premises shall veil in the laid trustees, in trutt for the company, ‘as if legally conveyed.

LXXVIIf. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be laws.l for the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, as conservator of the river Thames, and he is hereby required, from time to time, as occasion shall be, to nominate and appoint under the limitations and reftri6tions herein-after mentioned, a proper person or proper persons to be harbour master or harbour matters, of, in, and for the said port of London, and the said canal, and other works which shall be made in pursuance of this acl, (except the said docks and their appurtenances, and except such parts of the river Thames at Limchouse.Hole and Blackwall aforesaid, as (hall be within the distane. of two hundred yards from any entrance out of the said river there into the works of the said company), and to remove, fuspend, or, upon sufficient cause, dismiss the fame ; which harbour master or harbour inafters (hall have full power and authority (but subject to the regulations and reftries.ions herein-after expreste.) to direct the entering, mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all (hips and other veste.s, light.rs,, and cras., except those of the said corporation of the Trinity House, coming into, lying or being in the said port, canal, and cuts, or any of them, except the said docks and their appurtenances, and such parts of the said river as are last herein-before excepted, as to the time or times and manner of their entrance into, lying in, or going out of the fame, and their respective births, stations, positions, loacting.and dise.arg-ing therein, and the time or times of opening or (hutting the several gates of the said canal; and in cafe the owner, matter, pilot, seryan., or other person having the charge or command, of any ship or other veste., except as last aforesaid, shall refuse or negle£t to moor, unmoor, move, or remove the fame, according to such direction, within twelve hours after notice to him or them given in writing, or left with some person or persons on board the said ship or veste. for that purpose, that then it shall be laws.l for the said harbour master or harbour matters, and his or their assistants, and such proper persons as he or they may direct, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove such ship or veste.; and the charges and expences thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with a (urn not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds for each offence, by the master or owner or other person having the charge or command of such ship or veste., and may be recovered

i86o.*

467*

by the laid mayor and commonalty and citizens, or their fuccef-fors, of the owner of such (hip or vessel, in cafe of ndn-payment thereof, on demand, by such ways and means as penalties and fors.itures are by this' a£fc to be recovered ; which said penalty. Penalty on when recovered, shall be paid over to the uses hereih-after men-tioned * and in cafe any matter, commander, mate, pilot, or cails.fl£, other person or persons taking the command of any (hip or other ftrii&iohs; vessel, or any other person or persons virhosoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, Unmooring, moving, or removing of any (hip or other vessel in the said port, (except also as last afore-laid), or in the said canal, or any of the said cuts and other works, the said docks and their appurtenances excepted* such person or persons shall, for every such offence, fors.it a futn not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, to be recovered 1 and applied as herein-after is direct.d.

LXX1X. Harbotir mash.s to be approved of by the corporation of the Trinity Hotis., who may procure them to be removed on sufficient Cause.

LXXX. And be it further enabled, That it shall be laws.l for Directors* or the said directors, or any five or more of . them, and they are hereby required, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, t0 npp0;rit a? * to nominate and appoint a proper person or proper persons to be dock matter, dock maker or dock matters, he or they fir ft producing, after to beapproved being duly examined before: the said matter, wardens, and by.the ^or-ash.tants of th$ Trinity House, legally assembled, a certifie.te or tb°etrinity certifie.tes from them ihe said matter, wardens, and attistan.s, of House. the proper qualifie.tions of such person or persons to execute the office of dock matter ; and the said directors also shall or may from time to tirhe, as they shall fee cause, remove, fuspend, or dismiss any such dock matter or dock matters $ which dock matter His powers* or dock matters, fo to be from time to time appointed, shall have full power and authority (but subject to the regulations and re-strict.ons herein-after expretted) to direct. the mooring; unmooring, moving, or removing of all ships and other vessels, light.rs, and cras., coming into, lying, or being in the laid docks, and the basons and cuts which shall belong thereto, or any of them, and coming into, lying, or being in such parts of the river Thames at Limeliot.fe Hole and Bladwall aforesaid, as shall be within the said dittance of two hundred yards from any entrance but of the said river there into the works of the said company* as to the time or times and manner of their entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from the fame docks, basons, and cuts* and parts Of the said river, and their position, loacting, and dif-charging therein resp.£tively* and the time or times of opening or shutting the several gates of the said works 5 and in cafe the owner, matter* pilot, seryan., of other person having the charge or command of any (hip Or other vessel. shall refuse or negleet.to moor, unmOor, move* or remove the fame according to such diretsi.n, immediately after notice to him or them given In writing, or left with some perfoii or persons on board the said ship or vessel for that purpose, that then it shall be laws.l for the:

G O 2

said.

468*  Public Local and Perfonal A£ts * [1800.

said.dock matter or dock matters*, or his or their assistants, and

he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move,

or remove such {hip or vessel, and the charges and expences

thereof respect.ively {hall be repaid, together with a sum not ex-

Pen alt y on ceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds for each offence,

matters, &c. by the matter or owner or other person having the charge or

of vyMels  command of such (hip or vessel, and may be recovered by the

can (ins ob-  r ,  .  ; . r ^ r • i  J  r ^  1

flrudions.  trealurer for the time being of the laid company from the owner

of such (hip or vessel, in cafe of non-payment thereof on demand, by such ways and means as penalties and fors.itures are by this actt to be recovered; which laid penalty, when recovered, {hall be paid over to the uses herein-after mentioned ; and in cafe any matter, commander, mate, pilot, or other person or persons taking the command, of any (hip or other vessel, or the owner, agent, consignee, or any other person or persons whosoever, {hall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any (hip or other vessel in the said docks, or in the basons and cuts which {hall belong thereto, or in any such parts of the river Thames, at Limehouse.Hole and Blackwall aforesaid, as shall be within the distane. of two hundred yards from any entrance out of the said river there into the works of the said company, such person or persons {hall, for every such offence, fors.it a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty (hillings, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed : provided always, That such dock matter or dock matters shall not moor, or cause to be moored or stationed, any (hip or vessel in such place or in such manner as (hall obttrudt or render incommodious the entrances into or out of the canal hereby autho-rifed to be made.

LXXXI. The directors may annul any orders of dock matters, and give others.

LXXXII. Orders given by the direct.rs, harbour matters, or dock matters, shall not acted the responsibility of the person having the charge of any (hip or vesse..

LXXXIII. The canal to be under the prGtedion of the lord mayor, as conservator of the river Thames, as if actually part of the river.

LXXX1V. Canal, new docks, &c. to be parts of the port of London, and vessels, &c. retorting thereto, to be subject to the several present port regulations and duties.

LXXXV. Goods, &c. landed or shipped upon or from the intended quays or wharfs, in the new docks, subject to the fame regulations, Sec, as if landed or shipped upon or from the present legal quays.

LXXXVI. The quaysJn such of the docks as shall be walied.round, are to be legal quays.

The Weft In- LXXXVI1. And be it further enatSfed, That for and during cha ships are the term of twenty-one years, commencing from and next ensuing to ).->nd their the time when the said. dock or docks, quays or wharfs, and to t^dorK* warehouses, to be made and built by the said directors as afore-nnd the King's said, {hall be fo far completed as to be fit and ready for the re* duties are to ception of-ship. and goods, all the {hips arid Vesse.s which shall beatoertained arrive or come from any part of thb Weft Indies into the river no Wiic-ie el e. <ftjhl?nes^ with cargoes of WeflTtdia produce, (hall unload and land the whole of their respect.vb cargoes within tome or one of the said clocks, or on the quays* or wharfs which {hall belong

- - v  thereto  \

iSoo.]  39 Geo. III. c. 69*.  469*

thereto; and the duties which {hall be payable to the King’s ma-jetty, his heirs and fuccelTors, in respect of the fame, shall thereupon, during the laid term, be aseer.ained at such quays or wharfs, and not elsewhere ; and the goods, wares, and merchandize, being Weft India produce, in respect. whereof luch duties shall be payable, shall or may afterwards be stored or de-posited.in the adjoining warehouses, or any such other warehouses as the owners or consignees thereof respectively shall think proper : and in cafe any fireh goods, wares, or merchandize, being Forfeitures Weft India produce, {hall, at any time or times during the {aid md penalties term of twenty-one years, be landed from any fhi p or vefTel in the Weft India trade, in any other place or places in or near the port fJeh cargoes of London, than the said quays or wharfs within the said dock or elsewhere. docks, then, and in every such cafe, the goods, wares, or merchandize, fo to be landed, {hall be fors.ited t6 his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and (hall or may be laws.lly seized accordingly, by any of the officers of his Majetty’s customs or excise, and disposed of according to law; and the owner, or owners, or matter of any such (hip or vessel, shall for every such offence fors.it and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned.

LXXXVIII. Provided always neverthe.ess, That all such But. fo much part of parts of the resp.ettive cargoes of the ships or other vessels P\e ^ar arriving or coming, during the said term from the Weft Indies ^sr^Ja into the river Thames, as shall consist of tobacco, shall as soon coniift of to-after being unshipped in some or one of the said docks as con- bacco is, as veniently may be, and without any previous aseer.ainment °f loon as-may be the duties thereof, be transmitted or conveyed in carts or deeked.^nfhiin light.r. to some or one of the King’s tobacco warehouses for the the docks, to time being, at the charges of the said Weft India dock company, be conveyed who shall be entitled to, and receive from the respective owners to,tLle *vin5 5 or consignees thereof, or their respect.ive fadfors or agents, and

tobacco warehouses, with-

that before the said tobacco (hall be taken out of the said dock out previoiffly premises, such recompence or satisfaction for fo conveying the aseer.aining fame, and after such rate, as shall not exceed what for the time the King s being shall be the whole expence of conveying tobacco from the du KS* tobacco (hips at their proper moorings in the said port, to the King’s tobacco warehouse..

LXXXIX. Provided also neverthe.ess, and it is hereby further enabled, That if at any time or times it should happen, that And if at any by reason of the said docks being filied.with {hipping, or of some accident, or other cause, any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, ^nm>t be* which shall have come from the Weft Indies into the river admitted into Thames, cannot be admitted into and unloacted.in and at the the docks, the said docks, quays, and works of the said company, pursuant to commUfioners this a61, theni and in every such cafe, it shall be laws.l for any a^Uauthoidfe three or more of the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs in tht/cargoc-s of England, for the time being, to permit the cargo of any such thole particu-ship.or vessel to be landed and discharged at such other legal  to

quay or quays, or other place or places within the port of Lon~ 0^erlegd t don-) as they the said commissioners shall direct and appoint. quays. "

g g 3 n  XC, Provided

Public Local and Perfonal Adis

[1800.

misilo.ers of puftoms (hall <0 order and djreCt.

470*

Ships arriving XC. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That at thinthc any **me or t*mes  Paid  docks,  quays,  or wharfs, and

Welt indies warehouses, shall be ready for the reception of (hips and goods, with Welt if (hall be laws.l for any three or more of the commissioners of India produce his Majesty’s cuftonis ir> England, by wViting under their hands, dkctar*'eVuch to or<^er anc^ ^jrec5l that any (hip or (hips, vessel or vessels, which produce^vkh-arfive or co,me into the river Thames from any other part or jn one of the parts of the world than the Weft Isidles, with gQQds, wares, or docks,if any merchandize on board of the growth and produce of the TV eft t!'rThe°coTn°r^ ^n^es>  unl°ad and land f° much of her or their cargo, or

resp.£live cargoes, as fh^all confitt of any such lad-mentioned goods, wares, or merchandize, within some or one of the said docks, or on the quays or wharfs which shall belong thereto* and that the King’s duties in respect of the fame (hall.thereupon be aseer.ained at such quays or wharfs, and not elsewhere ; and that every such order, after being delivered on board of uny such ship or vessel, to or for the person having the charge or command thereof, shall be obeyed accordingly; and if any such goods, wares, or merchandize, being of the growth or produce of the IVeft Indies, shall be afterwards landed from luch ship or vessel, in any other place or places in or near the port of London, than the said quays or wharfs within the said dock or docks, then, and in every such cafe, the goods, wares, and • merchandize fo to be landed, (hall be fors.ited to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall or may be laws.lly seized accordingly by any of the officers of his Majetty’s customs or excise, and disposed of according to law, and the owner or owners, or matter of any such ship or vessel, shall, for every such offence, fors.it and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned ; and after all the goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth or produce of the Weft Indies, on board of such (hips respectively arriving in any of the said docks from any other part or parts than the Weft Indies, shall be un-shipped.in any of the said docks as aforesaid, and the proportionate duty of fix shillings and eight-pence per ton, herein-after made payable in respect thereps, shall be paid, such ships (hall be forthwith permittee} to go into the river Thames, to discharge the remainder of their respective cargoes.

XCI. And be it further enaetted, That, for and during the term of twenty-one years, commencing from and next ensuing.

Outward-bound Weft

toload^n^he ^me w^en  docks,  quays,  or  wharfs,  and  warehouse.

docks or in the river below the entrance into the c;-malat Blackwell.

shall.be ready for the reception of ships and goods, all such of the ships and vessels belonging to or frequenting the port of London as tt}all be used in the Weft India trade, shall, when and fo osten.as the fame (hail be oqtward bound to the Weft Indies* (hip or take in all their respective cargoes, and be loacted, either in some or one of the said docks, or in such part of the river Thames as shall be below the entrance into the said canal at Black-wail aforesaid ; and if any such (hip or vessel, being fo out-wardbound to the Weft Indies, shall ship or take in any part of her Cargo in the laid port or river elfevvhere than in some or one

of

 Googl

i8oo,]  39 Geo. III. c. 69*.  471*

of the said docks, or than below the entrance into (he said canal at Blackwall, then and in every such cafe the owner or owners, or raafter of such {hip or veil'd, {ball, for every such offence, fors.it and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned : provided nevertheless.

That every or any such (hip or vessel, when engaged to take on board naval {lores at the King's dock yard or victualling office at Deptford for his Majesty’s service, {hall be permitted fo to do, on producing to the dock masse., or his known assistant, a certifie.te of such {hip or vessel being fo engaged, under the hand or hands of any one or more of the commis.ioners of his Majesty’s navy or victualling, who are hereby authorised and required to grant such certifie.tes for that purpose.

XCI1. And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That Harbour the said harbour masters and dock masters fo to be appointed as paiters.and aforesaid, {hall, in executing the powers hereby given to them ^^r^eers resp.Clively, always observe, comply with, and use, their bed certain direr-endeayours.to ensor.e the regulations and directions contained in tions in two the a<5t of parhame.t of the nineteenth year of the reign of his Pnor present Majesty, chapter the fist.-eighth, for preventing vessels which (hall have come from or {hall be bound to any foreign parts, from being removed out of the stream in the said port with gopds on board, except to the laws.l quays ; and also the regulations and directions contained in the act of parhame.t of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter the sixty.eighth, for mooring Ihips, and importing tobacco at such place in the said port as the ccmmisti.ners of the customs {hall appoint, fo far as the fame regulations and directions in the two last.mentioned acts of parhame.t respectively (hall not ob-flrudt, moled, or interse.e with, the free use and enjoyment of the said docks and canal, and the basons, cuts, and other works which {hall belong thereto respectively, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XCIII. Harbour and dock masters, lock keepers, Sec. to give no prese.ence.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Forregular said canal, docks, basons, and cuts,' or any of them, {hall be fo jnS the moor-far completed as to admit {hips, vefleis, or cras. to enter therein, no ship or other vessel {hall lie at either of the mooring tiers in trances into the river 'Thames, immediately above or below the entrance or the canal, respect.ive entrances into the fame canal, dock or docks, bason or docks, basons, basons, cut or cuts, but those only which are intended to go and cuts* into, or within twelve hours last past {hall have come out of the said canal, or any of such docks, basons, or cuts; and that every irjafter and pilot, and all and every other persons and person having the charge or command of any (hip or. vessel lying at the said tiers, shall remove theres.om such (hip or vessel under his or their command, whenever fo required by the said harbour mailer or harbour masters, dock master or dock masters, his or their assistant or assistants, by an order, left with some person or persons on board the said (hip or vessel, in writing for that purpose, within

c g 4  twelve

twelve hours after each notice for removal, under the penalty of 3 sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor Jefs than five pounds, for every twenty-four hours any such {hip or veil'd {hall remain at either of the said tiers, after the time limited by such notice left in writing.

XCV. No vettTtl to enter into or navigate in the works under fail,

XCVI. Draw bridges and swivel bridges to be fattened, after veifels {hall have patted.

XCVII. For preventing obstructions and nuisances in the port, canal, docks, See. Penalties on persons obstructing the navigation, or wantonly, &c. opening lock gates, &c. and letting oJf water, or buffering vettfels to strike upon bridges or locks.

XCVIII. Vettfels not to land goods in the docks, &c. at other places than quays and landing places, on penalty of one hundred pounds. ,

XCIX To prevent other nuisances in the port, canal, docks, &c.

C. Mills, &c. not to'draw off water from the works without corisent.

Cl. Vettfels to unload within the docks as soon as may be, and then to be removed. Power for dock matter, or his assistant, to order but light vettfels ; and on every neglebt to remove them, the parties fo negleet.ng to fors.it ten pounds; and the dock matter or his attfist.nts may remove such vettels; and the charges thereof, on non-payment, to be levied by distress and sale.

Vettfels to land gunpowder before entering the dock premises, and other com buttible matter to be removed within twelve hours.

JFire, candles, or lamps, not to be lighted Jtt the docks,

&c.

CII. And be it further enabled, That all such ships, light.rs, barges, boats, and other veifels, as. shall respect.ively have on board any gunpowder, exceeding the quantity of one pound, (hall respectively, before they enter any of thesaid.intended docks, or of the basons and cuts which shall belong thereto, land and discharge all their gunpowder, and unload and clear their guns; and that no tar, pitch, rosin, hemp, flax, faggots, furze, turpentine, oil, hay, straw, tallow, grease, (havings of wood, or combustible matter of any kind, {hall be suffered to be cr remain on the quays or wharfs intended to be built in or near the said docks as aforesaid, or any part thereof, or upon the deck of any ship or other vessel in the said docks, basons, and cuts, or any of them, above the space of twelve hours ; and that in cafe the owner or owners of such goods, matters, or other things, or the commander, matter, or mate of any such ship or other vessel, {hall make desau.t herein, every such person fo offending shall fors.it and pay, for every such offence, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lets than five pounds.

CI1I. Andy for more esse.tually preventing accidents by fire in the said docks and dock premise.y be it further enact.ed, That no person whosoever {hall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any fire, candle, or lamp, lighted within any of the said docks, or of the basons, cuts, quays, wharfs, warehouses, and other works which shall belong thereto, at any time or times whatsoever, (except only necelfary lamps by the Tides of ways without the dock wails, and such fires or lighted candles or lamps as shall be necessary to be used in the making, building, finittnng, repairing, altering, or improving of the fame docks, basons, cuts, quays, wharfs warehouses, and other works, or any of them), upon pain of fors.iting for every such offence alum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five pounds.

CIV. Perfons setting fire to the works or vettfels in the docks, Sec. guilty of felony without benefit of clergy; and persons otherwise wilfully damaging

i8oo.]  39  Geo,  III.  c.  69*.  473*

maging the works of velTels, made liable to fine and imprisonment, or {ransport.tion,

CV. Penalty against destroying ropes of ship..

CVI. Penalty on breaking or extinguishing lamps.

CVII. Mafters and owners answerable for damages done by their officers and seryan...

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be Jawful for Power to the the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.common astem.led, from time to time, to make, ordain, and establish.

couneil.to make bye

such.bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, for the good go- iavvS) rules, vernment of the said harbour masters, and of all clerks, treasurers, orders, and collectors, engineers, surveyors, workmen, watclimen, light.r. regulations,

• men, labourers, and others, to be appointed and employ.d.by and^ana?^ them the said . mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common excepting the couneil.astem.led, under or by virtue of this aeft, and for the docks and better regulating, governing, and managing of the several works, their appur-matters, accounts, and things by this aeft authorised and directed tenances; to be made, done, and performed by them, as well whiift the fame are doing as after they (hall be finished and completed, and for the more safe and convenient navigating, placing, mooring, unmooring, and removing of ships and other veste.s on the river Thames 9 in and near the said port, and in the said canal, and the basons which may belong thereto, (excepting the docks, basons, cuts, and other works which shall belong to the said JVejl India dock company, and such parts of the river Thames, at Limehouse.Hole and Blackwall aforesaid, as shall be within the distane. of two hundred yards from any entrance, out of the said river there, into the fame works), and for the better governing and regulating of all masters of veste.s, pilots, light.r.en, and others, within the said port, and the said canal and its appurtenances,

(except as before excepted), and for preventing damage being done to {hipping, light.rs, .and cras., or to any goods, wares, or merchandize, by the iftuing of water from houses or buildings, and such other laws.l and reasonable bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as they shall deem necessary and expect.ent for the due execution of this a<ft, fo as the fame respec.tively be not contrary to nor ineon.istent with this aeft, or any of the regulations enaeste. hereby, or by any other aeft or aefts of parhame.t in-force at or immediately before the pasting of this aeft, and not hereby repealed or altered ; and also from time to time, as they fhail fee an^ ^ reP^ab occasion, to repeal, annul, add to, amend, and alter such bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or any of them, in such fame;' manner as 'to-them the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.astem.led, lhall seem meet or requisite. and to and to fix fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary penalties, not exceeding non-observ.1* forty {hillings, for the non-obseryan.e, non-performane., or anCe, not other breach of such bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or exceeding any of them ; and the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in f°rty killings, common couneil.astem.led, shall cause such of the said bye laws. Bye laws to rules, orders, and regulations as they lhall think fit, to be printed and distributed in the port of London, and affixed upon or near 1 11 u c * some publick and conspicuous parts of the quays or wharfs in the

laid

474*  Public  Local  and Perfonal A<fts [1800.

said.port, and upon some other publick and conspicuous places How such pe- adjacent ; and all such penalties {hall be recovered by distress and waltits are tp fa]e of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the be levied. hand and sea., or hands and seals, of any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed, or the offender or offenders found, rendering the overplus (if any), on demand to the person or persons whose goods or chattels shall be fo distrained \ which penalties shall be applied as herein-after is directed; and if no sufficient distress can be found, it shall be laws.l for any such julVice or judices of the peace to commit such offender or offenders to any prison within the jurisdiction of such justice or just tices, upon due proof being made before him or them, on the oath or oaths of one or more person or persons, of such offence being committed, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding twenty days, or until such penalty or penalties (hall be sooner paid.

Directors ena- C1X. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be laws.l for powered to the laid directors, or any five or more of them, from time to laws*1 rules time, to make, ordain, and estab.ilh such bye laws, rules, orders, orders, and and regulations for the observ.pee apd good government of the regulations said directors, and of all dock masters, clerks, treasurers, col-for the docks Jedfors, engineers, surveyors, workmen, watclimen, light.r.en, purtenances* lah°urers, and others appointed and employ.d.on belial. of the 9 said company, under or by virtue of this a<5t, and for the better regulating, governing, and managing the several works, matters, accounts, and things by this authorised and directed to be made, done, and performed by the said directors, as well whilst the fame are doing as after they shall be finished and completed, and for the more safe and convenient shipping and laeti.g, landing and dise.arging, carrying and conveying, laying and deposit.ing of goods, wares, and merchandize upon, to, and from the quays or wharfs and warehouses, which are to be in or belonging to the said docks, and for the employ.ng, better governing, and regulating porters, carters, and carmen, and others car-rying goods, or using or driving horses, trucks, carts, fledges, or other carriages for conveying goods, wares, or merchandize to and from the fame quays, wharfs, and warehouses, and of all master. of vefleis, pilots, light.r.en, and others, within the said dock premises, and such other laws.l and reason.hle bye Jaws, orders, rules, and regulations, as they shall deerq necef-iary and expect.ent for the due execution of the powers and authorities hereby given to them, fo as the fame respectively be not contrary to nor ineon.istent with this aeft, or any of the regulations enacted hereby, or by any other a£t or aefts of parhame.t in force at or immediately before the passing.f this a<5t, and not $nd may re- hereby repealed or altered; and also from time to time, as they F>cT amend, shall fee occasion, to repeal, annul, add to, amend, or alter such fame*-10 * ^ hye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as to them the said and may fix directors, or any five or more of them, shall seem meet or re-penahici for quisite; and affix and appoint reasonable pecuniary penalties,

not

*8o§.]  39  (Geo. III. c, 69*.  475*

not exceeding forty (hillings for any one offence, for the non- nomobserv.obseryan.e, non-performane., or other breach of all or any such an^? bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or any part of them ; nralm^s. ^ and the (aid directors, or any three or more of them, (hall cause such of the fame bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as Bye laws to they (hall think fit, to be printed and distributed in the port London, and affixed upor) or near some publick and conspicuous parts of the quiiys or wharfs in or belonging to the said port and docks, and upon some other publick and conspicuous places adjacent; and all such penalties (hall be recovered by diffrefs and Penalties how sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the to be lev*eci* hand and sea., or hands and seals, of any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, and applied to the use of the said company as herein-after is directed, rendering the overplus (if any) to the person or persons whose goods or chattels (hall be fo distrained ; and in cafe no sufficient distress can be found, it fhajl be laws.l for any such justice or justices of the peace to commit such offender or offenders to any prison within the juris.icSfion of such justice or justices, upon due proof being made before him or them, on the oath or oaths of one or more person or persons, of such offence being committed, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding twenty days, or until such penalty or penalties (hall be sooner paid.

CX. Such last.mentioned bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, to be subject to the controll. qf the company. Company may inspect bye Jaws, and alter or annul any of them.

CXI. Provifo that the bye laws, rules, qrders, and regulations, (hall be made, altered, or repealed, with the approbation of the lord chanoel.or, the chies.justices of King’s bene. or common pleas, or chies.baron of the exchequer, and not otherwise.

CXI1. Copies of bye laws, and of aiteration.of bye laws, are to be sent to the Trinity ttouse.before the fame be allowed by the judges.

CXIII. Compensa.ion to be made for the tithes of the lands and other premises to be taken.

CX]V. The average prie. of wheat may be re-aseer.ained at the end of jevery fourteen years, for the purpose of making such compensation..

CXV. Remedy for recovering compensation for tithes.

CXVI. Compensa.ion to be made by the corporation of London for deficiencies of afless.nents for land tax, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and poors’ rates.

CXVii. Compensa.ion to be made by the Weft India dock company for deficiencies of affi Aments for land tax, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and poors’ rates.

CXVII I. Compensa.ion to be made for deficiencies of fewer rates.

Remedy for recovering the fame.

" CXIX. Compensa.ion to be made to lord Gwydir and his afiigns, in respect to their interell in the mooring chains.

CXX. Compensa.ion to be made to his Majesty for relinquislimen. of rents and prosi.s of mooring chains.

CXXL Compensa.ion to be made to the owners, &c. of, and persons employ.d.on, any quays or wharfs, or other tenements, which may be rendered less, valuable, by reason of the intended works, and to the governors of Chrift’s Kospit.l (if necessa.y) on account of car-room.

CXXII. When parties ref use or are unable to agree for compensation, juries for aseer.aining the fame may be empanelied, and how. Jurymen may be chalien.ed. Jury to award the amounts of compensations on path. Verdict.of the jury, fyc, to be final. Previous notice being given £0 parties intereste..

CXXIII. The

Rate? appointed to be paid to his Majeffy for veHtrls tiling the port of London.

Public Local and Perlonal Ads [1800.

CXXIII. The commissioners empowered to impose fines for non-attendane., &c.

CXXiV. Bodies politick, Sec. trustees and other persons empowered to agree for compensation,

CXXV. When a good title to compensation money cannot be shewn, or parties entitled thereto cannot be found. See. such money to be paid into the bank, subject to the order of the court of chaneery.on motion or petition. '

CXXVI. Purchas. monies how to be inveiled. But if such money be less than 100I. and not less than 201, the fame to be paid to such persons as the parties entitled shal. appoint, in trull, to be invested in the pur-chas. of other premises, to be sett.ed to the like uses ; and in the mean time such monies to be placed out in securities, in the names of trustees for the benefit of the parties entitled..  •

CXXVII. Verdiets, judgements, &c. coneer.ing compensations, and receipts of calli.ers of the bank for comped fat ion monies, to be entered among the records of the lord major’s court, or general or quarter fe Hi 011s.  ‘

CXXVIII. No claims to be made for such last mentioned compensations till three years alter notice of the docks, &c. being ready for use ; and all such claims are to be made and entered in a book, within one year alter the expiration of the said term of three years, or otherwise to be barred.

CXXIX. Claimants may recover compensation money from persons who shall have wrongs.lly received the fame.

CXXX. Appointment of the commissioners of compensation..

CXXXI. For the appointment of commissioners of compensation in the room of those who shall die, or decline, or become incapable to adt.

CXXXII. Oath for commissioners of compensation.

CXXXIII. Commissioner. empowered to administer oaths.

CXXX1V. And be it further enacted, That in consideration of the great accommodation and advantage which the several works and regulations hereby aurhorifed to be made will afford to the (hipping and trade of the said port, and in consideration of the great charges and expences which will be occasioned by the making, building, erect.ng, and providing of the said canals, cuts, ftuices, bridges, roads, and other works, herein-before authoriled to be made by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.assembled, there shall be payable and paid to the King’s majessy, his heirs and successors, or to his or their collators, receivers, or agents, from and after the hrfl day of Augufl next after the pasting of this a<51, for and during the term of fourteen years from thence next ensuing, for every ship or other veste. tracting.to, frequenting, or using, the said port of London, of which, the said intended canal, docks, and other works are to be parts as aforesaid, by the matter or other person having the charge or command, or the owner or owners, of such ship or other vessel, according to the tonnage burden thereof re-sped.ively, the several rates or duties of tonnage next herein-after particulari. rated and described; (that is to fay),

Lift of rates. F-irft.clas.—For every ship or other vefTel, tracting.coastwise, between the port of London and any port or place in Great Bri~ tain, the Orkneys, Shetland, or the western istands.of Scotland, there shall be paid for every voyage both in and out of the said port, inelusive, qne penny per ton.

Second clas.-—For every ship or other veste. entering inwards,

or

i8oo,]  39  Geo.:III. c. 69*.  4JH*-

or arriving in the said port from Denmark, Norway, or Lapland,

(on this fide of the North Cape), or from Holfiein, Hamburgh,

Bremen, or any other part of Germany bordering on or near the.

Germanic Ocean, or from Holland, or any other of the United Provine.s, or from Brabant, Antwerp, Flanders, or any other part of the Netherlands, or from France, (within Ujbant), Guernfey,

Jerse., Alderney, Sark, Ireland, or the IJle of Man, one penny farthing per ton.

And for every (hip or other vessel clearing outwards in, or departing from the said port to any of the countries, parts, or places last herein-before mentioned, one penny farthing per ton.

Third clas.—For -every (hip or other vessel entering inwards,, or arriving in the said port from Lapland, (beyond the North Cape), Finland, Rujfta, (without or within the Baltic Sea), Liyoni., Courland, Poland, Prussia, Sweden, or any other country or place within the Baltic Sea, two-pence per ton.

And for every other. veiTel clearing outwards in, or departing from the said port to any of the countries, parts, or places last herein-before mentioned, two-pence per ton.

» Fourth clas.—For every (hip or other vessel entering inwards, or arriving in the said port from France, (between UJhant and Spain), Portugal, Spain, (without the Mediterranean), or any of the Azores, Madeira, or Canary IJlands, or any of the united (fates of America, or of the Britijh coionics.or provine.s in North America, or from Florida, two-pence halfpenny per ton.

And for every (hip or other vessel clearing outwards in, or departing from the (aid port to any of the countries, parts, or places last herein-before mentioned, two-pence halfpenny per ton.

Fifth clas.—For every (hip or other vessel entering inwards, or .arriving in the said port from Greenland, Gibraltar, France. or Spain, (within the Mediterranean), or any country, ifiand, part, or place within or bordering on or near the Mediterranean, or Adriatic Sea, or from the Weft Indies, Louifiana, Mexico, South America, Africa, East India, China, or any other country, ifiand, part, or place, within or bordering on or near the Pacis.c Ocean, or from any other country, ifiand, part, or place whatsoever to the southward of twenty-five degrees of north latitude, threepence halfpenny per ton.

And for every (hip or other4 vefiel clearing outwards in, or departing from the said port to any of the countries, istands, parts, or places last herein-before mentioned, three-pence halfpenny per ton.

Which rates or duties (hall be, and are hereby vested in his Howto be Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, as his own proper monies, but paid, for the purposes of this abb, and shall be paid at the resp.blive times of such (hips’ or other vefiels’ entry inwards, or clearance outwards, at the custom house in the port of London, to the officer or person appointed to collebb and receive the fame, under such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as are by this abb directed and required with resp.bt to ships or vefTels entering

inwards

478*  Public  Local and Perfonai Adts [1800'.

inwards and clearing outwards in the said port; or for want of such entrance or clearance, then the fame (hall be paid before such ships or other vessels respect.veiy (hall depart from the said port; and the said rates or duties (hall be paid ovet, a$ soon as conveniently may be, by the collect.orS thereof, or other proper officers, into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer^

£xemptionsv CXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this adt (hall not extend to charge with any of the said rates or duties herein-before granted, any of his Majesty’s ship. of war, or.any ship or vessel whatsoever being the property of his Majesty,’ his heirs or fuccefTors, or of any of the; royal family, no;r to charge therewith any ship or vessel coming to or going coastwise from the port of London or to any part of Great Britain, unless such (hip or vessel (hail exceed forty-five tons, register tofinage, nor any vessel bringing corn coastwise, the principal prirt of vvhose.cargo (hall consist of corn, nor any fiffiing smacks, lobster and oyster boats, or veste.s for passengers, nor any vessel or vessels, or cras. navigating the river Thames above and below London Bridge, as far as Graves.tid only.

Tran (iterates  CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That ini co'nfideratiori

through'the  ^ecurity? accommodation, and dispate., which will be

cana]®‘ 1 produced by means of the said intended canal, as a shorter, safer, and more expect.tious passage for (hips and vessels to and from the said port, than the present circuitous and dangerous course round the said Ijle of Dogs; and in consideration of the great charges and ekpences which will be occasioned by maintaining, repairing, improving, and managing the said canal, and such1 cuts and other works, as may render such passage commodious^ and eligible, and by providing and keeping a sufficient number of lock keepers and other officers and seryan.s, and of draught horles, for the assis.ance and proper accommodation of vessels in such passage, it (hall be laws.l for the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, from time to time, and at all times, from and after the expiration of the term of three years next ensuing the time when the said canal {ball be first ready for use, and notice (hall have been given of the fame in the London Gazette, and two or more publick morning newspapers usually circulated in London, to ask, demand, take^ and receive, for the purposes of this adt, over and above the rates and duties herein-before made payable of and from all (hips* vessels, and cras., which (hall enter and make use of the said intended canal, any rate or rates not exceeding the following rates; (that is to fay),

For every (hip or vessel, light.r, barge, or other cras.,' loaderi or unloaden, entering the said canal, if of two hundred tons or upwards, (registe. measur.ment), two-pence per ton :

If of one hundred tops, and under two hundred tons, (registe. measur.ment), one penny halfpenny per ton :

If of fist. tons, and under one hundred tons, (registe. mea-sure.ent), the sum of ten (hillings:

All

Ho$ted by 

i8oo.]  39  Geo. III. c. 69*.  479*

All vefiels carrying fail, if of twenty tons, and under fist. tons, the futn of five (hillings :

And every light.r, barge, boat* or cras., which (hall be rowed through the said canal by any of the persons using the fame, the sum of one (hilling:

Which said rates or duties (hall be, and are hereby vested in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccefiors, as their own proper monies, but for the purposes of this a£f, and (hall be paid upon such (hips or other vefiels entering within any lock or flood gate of the said canal, or at such other time or times as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.assembled, (hall appoint for such payment, and (hall be payable and paid once only for each and every such transit or passage as aforesaid, -across.the said Ife of Dogs, whether upwards or downwards ; and such rates or duties, lo last hereby granted, (ha!I be paid over, as soon as conveniently may be, by the collectors thereof, or other proper officers, into the receipt of the chamber of the said city of London.

CXXXVIf. And in confederation of the great charges and pxpences which the makings building, ere flings and providing of such docks, basons, cuts, quays or wharfs, war eh ouses,sluices, bridges, roads, and other ivork s, authorised and intended to be made by the said dir eft or s as aforesaid. and the supporting, maintaining, and keeping of the fame in repair for the future, will amount unU: be it further enacted,

Thar, from and after notice of the completion of the fame last Rate of 6$. M, mentioned docks, and other works* (hall have been given by per ton, ap-publiqk aavertifement in the London Gazette, and two or more publick morning newspapers usually circulated in London, as company by before directed, there (hall be payable - and paid to the said Weft (hips using India dock company, or to their collectors, receivers, or agents, the docks, for their use, for every ship or vessel entering into, and using, any of the said intended docks, or any of the basons or cuts which (hall belong thereto, by the master or other person having the charge or command of such (hip or vessel, or by the owner or owners thereof, (over and above the rates and duties hereinbefore granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens), the rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence for every ton of the burden of such (hip or vessel, except in such cases.as are hereast.r excepted or otherwise provided for; which rate or duty (hall be levied and collected as herein-after is directed, and (hall be accepted and taken for and in satis.act.on of the use and conveniency of the said docks, and all charges and expences of the navigating, mooring, unmooring, removing, and management of such (hip or vessel, from her arrival at the entrance into the docks, at Black-wall, until such (hip or vessel shall be unloacted.and moored in the dock for light (hips or vefiels, and also of the unloacting.or unshipping.of her cargo within the said docks, and the landing waiter’s fees on account thereof, and the cooperage and hoops and nails which such cargo may require in the course of such.

unlaeti.g.

unlaeti.g.thereof, together with the use of the light dock for any space of time not exceeding fix months from the time of unload^ ing such ship or vessel: and that, from and after such notice being given as laid aforeiaid, there (hall also be payable and paid to the said Weft India dock company, or to their collectors, receivers, or agents, for their use, for all goods, wares, and merchandize, imported from the Weft Indies, which shall be landed, unship.ed, or discharged from on board of any ship or vessel entering into and using any of the said intended docks, or any of the basons or cuts which shall belong thereto, by the owner or owners, con-signe. or consignees of such goods, wares, and merchandizes re-sped.ively, (over and above the rates and duties herein-before granted), the fevevral rates or duties herein-after particulari. rated and described ; (that is to fay).

Rates appointed to be paid to the company for goods imported from the Welt Indies, and landed or dif chargedwithin the docks.

Lift of rates.

For Aloes

Balfam, natural Cash.

Cortex Winteranus Cocoa Coffee

Cotton Wool Dyers Woods Ginger

Gum Guaiacum

Hides

Indigo -Marmalade Oil, Cacto. Pimento Rum

Sarfaparilla Sugar -Succads (in boxes)

Tamarinds, or Succads (in jars) 2 Tortoise.Shell -  -  5

T urmeric  - -  4

and for Wine,includingMaaeira o

5.

4

4

4

4

1

1

2

o

3

4 o 2 2

2

3 o 6 o

5

d.

8

8

8

8

6

6

6

6

3

8

6

6

6

6

2

1

o

8

o

6

0

8

1

yper hundred weight.

J

per dozen.

per hundred weight.

^per jar.

per hundred weight. per galion.

per hundred weight.

per jar.

|per hundred weight. per galion.

For every cask, cafe, bundle, bale, or other package, containing any article of merchandise not other wife specified or described in this table, being of the weight of two hundred, or upwards, five (hillings :

For every such cask, cafe, bundle, bale, or other package, being under the weight of two hundred, two (hillings and sixpence: For any article of merchandize brought loose, (except wood), not otherwise specified or described in this table, and subj.£l: to any duty of customs chargeable according to the weight, for every hundred, one (hilling:

For any article of merchandize brought loose, not hereinbefore

,

1866.]  39 Geo, Til. c. 69*.  481*

before specified or desc.ibed* whether subj.cft; to any duty of customs or not, and which (hall be landed within the dock pre-mises, there (hall be collect.ed and paid a rate or duty not exceeding the rate or charge heretofore usually paid in the port of London, for light.ra.e, landing, loacting, and housing of any such article^

Which rates or duties shall be levied and collected as hereinafter is expresse.t, and shall be accepted and taken for and in re-sped. of the use and conveniency of the said docks, and the quays, wharfs, and cranes, and other machines which shall belong thereto, and the land waiter’s fees on account of such goods after being unshipped, and all charges and expences of wharsage, land-irigj hbuflng, and weighing such goods, and of such cooperage as the fame may respect.ively want after being unshipped, and all rent for warehouse room for such goods, for the space of twelve weeks in the said company’s warehoUfes, and all charges of delivering the fame from the said warehouses; and which said rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton, and the said fe-veral other rates or duties lass. herein-before granted, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Weft India dock company, and their success.rs* executors, administrators, and assigns, (holding for the time being (hares of the aforesaid capital stock., as their own proper monies, but for the purposes herein-after mentioned ; and  b

the said rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton shall  °  C

be paid at the time of each (hip’s or other ve fiefs entry inwards v or clearance outwards, at the custom house in the port of London, to the officer or person appointed to collect and receive the fame, under such rules, regulations, and restrictions as are by this a<ib directed and required with regard to the entering inwards and clearing outwards of (hips or other vessels, on which other rates and duties are by this a<5t imposed ; or for want of such entry, then at any time before such (hips or vessels respectively shall fail or proceed from the said docks or basons, fo as no (hip or other vessel shall be subj.eft or liable to the payment of the said. rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton more than once for every voyage, both out and home inelusive.; and the rates or duties hereby granted in respect of such of the said goods* wares, and merchandize to be imported from the Weft Indies, as shall be subj.eft to the payment of any duty to the King’s majest.* his heirs or successors, shall be payable and paid, when the post entry of such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be made, at the said custom house, to the officer or person appointed to collect and receive the fame* arid the rates or duties hereby granted in respect.of such of the said goods, wares, and merchandize as shall not be subject to the payment of any duty to the King’s majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be payable and paid before such goods, wares, or merchandize respect.ively (hall be taken from the said dock premises: provided always, That when and fo osten.as any (hip or other vessel arriving in the said docks shall not be fully laden, the said rate of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton shall only be collided and paid for and in proportion to the Vol« XLII.  *  H  h  actual

£Sz*  Public  Local and Perfonal AflLs [i8do'.

actual tonnage of the cargo imported in such vefTel, and not upon the reglfter tonnage thereof; and that with respect to such ships or vessels as (hall arrive in any of the said docks, from any other part or parts of the world than the Weft Indies, with goods, wares, or merchandize on board, of the growth or produce of the Weft Indies, the said rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ten shall be payable only for and in. proportion to the quantity of goods, wares, or merchandize of the growth or produce of the Weft Indies, on board of the fame ships respect.vely ; that is to fay. Six (hillings and eight-pence for every ton of the fame goods, wares, or merchandize, and not otherwise.

Exemptions. CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That this a6t (hall not extend to charge with the said rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton herein-before granted, any light.r. or cras. entering into the said docks, or basons, or cuts* to convey, deliver, discharge, or receive ballad: or goods to, or from on board of, any (hip or ships, vefTel or vesse.s.

CXXXIX. Manner of recovering rates.

CXL. Perfons eluding the payment, to continue chargeable.

CXLI. To aseer.ain the tonnage or admeasurement of ships according to the certified tonnage in the (hip's registe..

CXLIl. Collectors, &c. to have access to registers of ships at the custom house.

CXLIII. Power to measur.. See. ships and vesse.s. Penalty on any person obllructing silt. measuring, See.

CXL1V. Cuftom house officers not to discharge any vefTel before duties paid. Matters of vessels to produce certifie.tes or certain other written evidene. of such payment, which the receivers of the duties mult give. Penalty on refusal, twenty pounds.

CXLV. Common couneil.empowered to lower and again raise the transit rate gi anted to the corporation, fo as in cafe of railing they {hall not be higher than as expressed in the table.

CXLVJ. Directors may vary the rates, fo as every aiteration.be approved of by the company.

CXLVII. Roads which lhall belong to the works, may be used by the publick. and the navigation of the canal to be free, subject.o regulations.

CXLVIII. In cafe the capital of 500,0001. shall not be raised, or be found ineffie.ent for making the docks, &c. the company may borrow 100,oool. more ; and assign the dock rates as a security. Form of the af-ftgnment. Perfons taking such assignments to be entitled to their respec.tive proportions of the dock rates.

CXLIX. Proper entries of such assignments to be made by the company’s clerk; and such assignments to be transferrable by indorse.ent. Form of indorse.ent. Indorfement to be notis.ed and entered within fourteen days, by the clerk.

CL. Interect.on monies borrowed to be paid half-yearly in prese.ence to the dividends.

CLL And, for more readily and esse.tually accompUshin. the pur • por provLling pWs of tins aft, be it further enacted, That there (hall be advan-money to be ce«J and paid from and out of all or any of the duties, revenues, applied by the aiuj incomes, composing the fund calied.The ConfoMated Fund* upon the credit of, and to be replaced to the said fund by, the rates and duties hereby granted, or ma^le payable to his Majessy, hi? heirs and successors, any such sum or funis of money, not exceeding in the whole the Turn of seven.y-two thousand pounds of laws.l money of Great Britain, as shall be necessary and fuss.-cient for the purposes next herein-after mentioned ; the fame to

be

common couneil.In pure.as.cr land, nnd in in a King, maintaining] and ma naging, the

iSoo.j  39  Geo. lit. c. 69^.  483*

be paid by the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the canal for treasury for the time being, into the chamber of the city of Lon- ^ear^ don, from time to time, as and when wanted, and to be applied during that^ and disposed of by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons of term such the city of London, in cojnmon couneil.assembled, as follows; compensa.that is to fay, In the first place, in paying one equal half part of  to

the charges and expences incident to and incurred in obtaining t£e!Corpora* and palling this a£t, and afterwards in pure.asing and paying for tion. of Lon-the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, don. which (hall be fo pure.ased by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccefiors as aforesaid,, and in defraying the other cods and charges incident to such pure.ases, and in paying and dise.arging the necessary charges and expences of designing, laying out, making, and completing the said canal, cuts, and other works, which are to be made and done by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in'common couneil.a ft enabled, in pursuance of this act ; and afterwards in paying, satisfy.ing, and dise.arging, all the necessary charges and expences of attending, managing, regulating, maintaining, repairing, and preserving the fame canal, cuts, and other works, for the term of three years next ensuing the time when such publick notice as aforesaid £h-all be given of the said canal being ready for use, and until the said transit rates (ball become payable to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens as aforesaid ; and also in paying for and during the fame term of three years such yearly or other sums of moneyas are herein-beforedirected to be paid by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccefiors, as and for compensations for Ioffes, and deficiencies of tithes, taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and afTeffments.

CLII. Jnd, in order that the commijfioners herein before appointed\ and which /hall hereast.r be appointed as aforesaid, may be enabled to make the compenjations by this aft entruse. to the care and management of such commijfioners, be it further enacted, That there fhaJl also For providing be advaneed.and paid, from and out of all or any of the duties, raoney f°r revenues, and incomes, composing the fund calied.The Consolid.tedpensa.ions, * Fund, upon the credit of, and to be replaced to the said fund by, including the rates and duties hereby granted or made payable to his Ma- those of the jest., his heirs and fuccefiors, such sum and sums of money as croy™’an<* (hall be necessary and sufficient for making, paying, and satisfying in^efpest.of" all such Jaft mentioned compensations respect.vely, including mooring those herein-before directed to be made to the King's majesty, chains, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the said Peter lord Gwydir, and his afiigns, in respect of mooring chains, and for defraying the nece/fary costs of managing, asce.talning, paying, and making the fame respect.vely; and which sum and sums of money shall be from time to time ifiued, paid, applied, and disposed of by the lord high treasurer, or the commis.i oners of the treasury for the time being, as the said commis.ioners, or any five or more of them, (hall direct, in and about the paying and making of such last mentioned compensations, according to the directions and

h a 2  true

4 84*

Public Local and Perfonal A£ts

[iSooi

The general tonnage duties to be applied in maintaining the mooring chains, and paying the fibrier. of harbeur mailers, and in replacing the monies which, are to be advaneed.out of the coulull.ated fund in pur-fnance or

adt> and then in making a fund lor maintaining the mooring chains, and paying the lklaries of harbour matters.

Irue meaning of this a6l, until all the fame compensation.' shall have been paid and satisfied.

CLIII. Commissioner. clerk to keep accounts of compensation monied CLIV. And be it further ena6ted,That the monies which (hail from time to time be received and produced from and by the rates and duties granted or made payable to his Majesty,' his heirs and successors, by this a£t, (hall be applied and disposed of in the manner following; that is to fay, In the first place fo much thereof (hall be paid into the chamber of the city of London as {hall be sudd.ient, from time to time, not only for defraying all the necessary costs and charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing the mooring chains now lying, and which shall hereast.r lie, or be in the river Thames, and of laying down, from time to time, new or other mooring chains therein as and when necessary for the use of the {hipping in the said river, but also for paying the salaries and wages of the said harbour mailers, and their assistants, pursuant to this ad; and the monies fo to be paid this into the said chamber, shall be paid and applied by the mayor

and commonalty and citizens of rhe city of London, and their successors, in defraying the fame costs and charges, and paying the fame salaries and wages accordingly ; and subject thereto, the residue qr overplus of such monies fo to be received and produced,. shall be applied from time to time, in repaying and replacing to the said consolidated fund all such sums of money as (hall be advaneed.and paid thereout in pursuance of this ad, with interest for the fame respectively in the mean time, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum: and when all the monies which (hall be fo as aforesaid advaneed.and paid out of the said consolidated fund shall, by the means lad mentioned, or otherwise,. be fully repaid, with interest as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth such residue or overplus of the said monies to be received and produced from and by the said rates and duties by this a61 granted or made payable to his Majesty, his heirs and suce.fibrs, shall, from time to time, as and when received, be laid out or inverted in the pure.ase of (lock in some of the publick (locks or funds, or upon government or real securities, at inrerect, in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the city of London, for the time being, who shall, from time to time, lay out or invert the yearly dividends or interest of the (locks, .funds, and securities fo pur-chas.d, in their names, in like manner, for the purpose of accumulation, until the yearly dividends and interest of all the (locks, funds, and securities fo pure.ased, (hall be sufficient for the payment of the said costs and charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing, the said mooring chains, and laying down others as aforesaid, and the payment of the salaries and wages gf the said harbour mailers and theif assistants; and when and fo soon as the fame yearly dividend^ and interest (hall fie fully sufficient for the purposes bft mentioned, then ancLfrbm thenceforth the several rates and duties by this a6l granted or made payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall cease,

and

i8op.]  39  Gpo. III. c. 69*.  485*

and be no longer paid or payable; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notyvithstanding.

CLV. And be it sarthe. enable^, That thp mqnies which fhaJl Applie.tion from time to time be received by the said mayor and corpmonalty ot the trans.t and citizens, and their successors, from and by the said transit rate°* rates hereby granted or made payable to them, and such other monies as (hall be received by them by virtue of this a£f, and not be otherwise applied or applie.ble in pursuance thereof, (hall, from time to time, after payment of the charges of collecting and receiving the fame, be applied, in the first place, in paying such yearly or other sums of money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fncceflors, as and for compensation for Ioffes and deficiencies of tithes,'taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and afless.ments, and afterwards in paying, satisfying, and discharging, the necessary charges and expences of attending, managing, and regulating, (after being fi'nished., and maintaining, repairing, preserving, and improving, the said canal, cuts, mooring chains, and other works and improyemen.s, which are to be made, done, and managed, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in pursuance of this acfl, including all charges of towing (hips, and opening and (hutting flood gates on the said canal; and that all the rest.ue or surplus of such monies (hall from time to time be applied in or towards executing such of the other purposes of this ad, as are to be executed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common couneil.assembled, or by or at the charges of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London: and in cafe and when the monies fo to be received by the laid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccefibrs, (hall be more than fufricient for the leveral purposes last.mentioned, then and in such cafe the overplus of such monies shall from time to time be laid out in the pure.ase of flock, in some of the pub-lick Hocks or funds, or upon government or real securities, at interect, in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the city of London, for the time being; and the yearly dividends and interest.s.the flocks, funds, and securities, fo to be pure.ased, (hall be applied and disposed of in such and the fame manner, in all respect.^ as the monies to be received by the said mayor, and commonalty and citizens, from and by the said transit rates, are herein-before directed to be applied and disposed of; and in cafe and when such yearly dividends and interest, together with the yearly income ariling from the said transit rates, (hall be found to be more than furs.-cient for the several purposes for and towards which the said monies arising from the said transit rates are hereby made payable and applie.ble, the said transit rates by this a£t made payable to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccef-fors, shall be lowered in the manner herein-before directed, fo far as she fame can, under the then existing circumstane.s, be done with prudene. and safety : provided always. That whensoever after any such flocks, funds, or securities, (hall be fo pur-

H H 3  '*  eluted,

486*  Public  Local and Perfonal Acts [1800,

chas.d, the yearly dividends and interest thereof, together with the yearly income arising from the laid transit rates, (hall be found insufficient for the purposes last.mentioned, it shall be laws.l for the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceftors, to cause the said flocks, funds, and securities, or a fufhcient part thereof, to be fold out, to make good the deficiency, and to apply the money arising by such sale in the fame manner as the monies arising from the said transit rates are hereby made applie.ble.

CLVL The corporation of London answerable in cafe of misapplie.tion of monies to be received by them.

CLVII. Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and difburs.ments.

CLVI1I. A statement of the canal and works to be laid before parhame.t and the treasury yearly.

CLIX, Chamberlain to lay an account before parhame.t yearly. Applie.tion CLX. And, be it further enacted, That the aforesaid sum of :~fiVe hundred thousand pounds, subs.ribed or intended to be fub-hy the Weft feribed or contributed by the said Weji India dock company, for India dock their capital or joint flock, and all other monies which shall be company un- hereast.r subs.ribed by them, for inere.sing their capital as afore-ckrthisac.  together  with  the several sums of money to be produced

nnd received by and from, and raised and borrowed upon the credit of, the rates and duties granted or made.payable to the said company by this aft, shall form and become one aggregate con-solid.ted fund ; and ail the monies which shall be subs.ribed, collected, received, levied, raised, and borrowed by the said company, or by the said directors, by virtue or in pursuance of this a<5l, shall be applied and disposed of in the first place in paying the remaining equal half part or (hare of the charges and expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this adl; and afterwards in paying and dise.arging the consideration or pure.ase money, and the other costs and charges incident to the pure.asing and obtaining conveyances of the mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which, by virtue or in pursuance of this aft, shall be pure.ased for the use of, and conveyed or veiled in trufl for, the said Weft India dock company as aforesaid; and in the next place, in paying the intereil of the monies which shall be borrowed by the said company upon the credit of the last.mentioned rates and duties, if any shall be fo borrowed, and the interest or dividends upon the principal monies, which, for the time being, shall be fo subs.ribed by the members of the said company, and actually paid as aforesaid, or upon their capital or joint (lock, and in paying such yearly or other sums of money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the said Wef India dock company as and for compensations for loftes and deficiencies of tithes, taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and a ffe Aments; and subject thereto, then in defraying the necefiary charges and expences of making, completing, maintaining, and supporting, and attending, managing, and regulating, the said docks, basons, cuts, quays, wharfs, warehouses, and other works, which are to be made and done by the laid directors in pursuance of this a eft, and of any such extensions, and improyemen.s

s*

rS°°.]  39  Geo. III. c. 69^.

proyemen.s of the fame respectively, as the said directors may, from time to time, think necef&ry; and that the residue or fur-plus of such monies {hall, from time to time, be applied in or towards the re-payment of the principal monies, which (hall be borrowed by the said company, upon the credit of the rates ar d duties hereby granted to them, until all the fame principal monies {hall be repaid, and in or towards executing such of the other purposes of this ad as are to be executed by the said directors, or by and at the charges of the IVeJi India dock company : and when by the means last.mentioned, or other wife, the principal monies fo to he borrowed by the said company, shall be all repaid as aforesaid, then and in such cafe the rates and duties by this a A granted to the said company, (hall be lowered in the manner herein-before directed, as far as the fame can, under the then existing circumstane.s, be done with prudene. and safe.y.

, CLXi. Clerk of the company to keep accounts of receipts and difburs.-jnents.

CLXII. The dock company’s works to be executed as soon as pof-fible, and a statement of the progress tnereof to be laid before parhame.t yearly.

CLX1II. Director. to lay an account before parhame.t yearly.

CLXIV. Common couneil.empowered to appoint committees.

CLXV. Peribns interested in contracts, not eligible on such committees.

CLXVI. Committees may employ and contract with any fit persons whether freemen of London or not.

CLXVII. Diredions for giving notice of contracts.

CLXVIII. Power to the common couneil.to appoint clerks, collect.fs. treasurers, and other officers, taking security; and to allow them fa lanes.

CLXIX. The directors empowered to appoint clerks, treasurers, and other officers for the company, taking security, and to allow them ialaries.

CLXX. Commishone.s of compensations to appoint clerks, &c. taking security, and to allow them salaries.

CLXXI. Penalty on officers mi (applying monies.

CLXXI1. For the recovery of balances due from harbour matters, &c. dying or becoming bankrupts.

CLXXIil. Nothing in this ad contained is to prejudice any reaedy again ft the sureties of officers.

CLXXIV. For saving the rights of the Trinity House.

CLXXV. Rights of the corporation of London not to be prejudiced.

Lord mayor empowered as conservator of the river Thames, to punish offences against this ad, &c.

CLXXVI. This ad not to extend to prevent the admiralty from laying down mooring chains below Greenland dock.for the use of the King's ffiips.

CLXXVII. Power to mitigate penalties or fors.itures,

CLXXVUI. Parties aggrieyed.may appeal to the quarter fess.ons.

CLXXIX. Penalties and fors.itures how to be recovered.

CLXXX. Distress.not to be deemed unlaws.l for want of form.

CLXXXL Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form.

CLXXXII. Applie.tion of penalties and fors.itures.

CLXXXIII. Puniflimen. for giving false evidene., or swearing falsely.

CLXXXIV. The treasurer of the company may be made the nominal plaintiff or defendant in actions, and suits to be brought by or against the company.

CLXXXV. Ad of 24. Geo. a. for rendering justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office, extended to this ad ; and as to actions brought for any thing done in pursuance of this ad. General illue may be pleacted. Treble cost..

CLXXXVI. Publick ad.

C A P,

 Go< le

H H 4

Public Local and Perfonal Ads

[1800.

_ Cap 73.

An aft For making and maintaining a tunnel or road under the river Thames, from or near to the town of Graves.nd, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort in the county ofEfiex.— [July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a tunnel or road, of a convenient breact. for the passage of cattle and carriages, under the river Thames, from or near to Graves.nd, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the county of Efsex, in such manner that an uninterrupted land communie.tion might be opened between the opposite (hore. of the counties of Kent and Efsex, would be attended ot only with great advantage to those particular counties, but would also be of great national advantage as a military road or pass. Certain persons incorporated by the name of, The Company of Proprietors of the Tunnel under the River Thames. Proprietors to raise thirty thousand pounds for making the tunnel, to be divided into (hares of one hundred pounds each. Shares to be personal estate. Subscribe.s to have a vote for every (hare. Form of appointment of proxies. Proprietors may raise twenty thousand pounds, by additional proprietors or mortgage. ' Interect.of money borrowed to be paid in prese.ence to dividends. Six months notice to be given of paying off money. Afsigne.s not to vote on account of having lent money. Proprietors (hall assemble on Wed-nefday fortnight after palling this aft, at the London Tavern, and the first Wednefday in May in every year afterwards. Chairman to be appointed. A committee to be appointed. Proprietors may make bye laws. General assemblies for choosing committees to conlift of one hundred (hares. Affembly of proprietors may be specially convened. General assembly to cleft and appoint officers, and take security from them. Officers, &c. to account. Powers of the committees. Committees to make calls. Shares may be fors.ited, but no advantage to be taken of fors.iture, without personal notice. On the death of fubscribe.6 before (hare completed, executors may do it. Shares may be fold. Form of conveyance of (hares. After a call no (hare to be fold until such call (hall be paid. Regulations as to the aequi.ition of (hares by marriage, by will, or in course of administra.ion. Names of proprietors to be entered, and certifie.tes of their (hares delivered to them. Power to make and maintain a tunnel or road under the river Thames, from any point between one hundred yards weft of a messuage in the occupation of Jeremiah Howard, in the parish of Northfleet, and one quarter of a mile eastward of the new Tavern Bridge, in the parish of Milton, next Graves.nd, in the county of Kent, and between the opposite points on the shore, of the county of EiTex. Contracts to be adyer.ise.. The company not to take, use, injure, or damage, for the purposes of the tunnel, any house or other building built on or before June 24, 1799, or any land used for a garden, orchard, yard, park, &c. without the content of the owners, and occupiers thereof. The company are not to enter the lands and grounds of John Caleracto. George Errington, efqrs. Bodies politick empowered to fell and convey lands. Contra6ts and fairs to be made at the expence of the company.- Form of conveyance to the company. Satisfaction to be made. Yearly rents charged on the rates. If parties are difl'atisfied, value to be aseer.ained by a jury. Fine upon iheris.s, &c. making desau.t. Expences of witnesses and jury, by whom to be paid. Perfons requesting juries to enter into bonds to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to proprietors. Satisfasti.n to be made for tythes. Verdist.to value lands, and damages to be aseer.ained separately. Verdiets.to be recorded. Power to enter and take possession of lands, &c. on payment or tender of pure.ase money. Purchase money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out to the fame uses. For re-inverting pure.aie monies.. Damages not provided for to be sett.ed Tolls for parting through the tunnel. For every wheel on every coach, chariot, chilife, &c. two (hillings and sixpence. For every wheel on every

waggon

i§qq.]  39 Gep. III. c. 73*.  489*

waggon or cart one {hilling. For every horse one {billing.' For every afs three pence. For every drove of cows, oxen or neat cattle fist.en {hillings a score. For every drove of calyes, swine, sheep or lambs; three {hillings and four-pence a {core. For geese or turkeys two pence halfpenny a score. For every foot pasien.er two pence. Tolls not to be taken at both gates. To ensor.e payment of tolls. And whereas the conveyance of his Majesty’s troops and military {tores, by boats, barges, and other veffiels, from the oppolite shores of the counties of Kent and Effiex, across the river Thames, is attended with a great expence : and whereas it has appeared to the lords commissioners Of his Jvlajest.’s. trea-fury, that the making of the said tunnel would be attended with a great national advantage, for the purpose of conveying troops and military stores through the fame, by which the expence of providing boats, barges, and other veffiels, will be avoided, and the troops and (lores be more expect.tious.y conveyed ; be it theres.re enabled, That no toll {hall be demanded or taken fer or in resp.tt of any officer or soldier upon mate. oy upon duty, or for or in respect of any horse, cattle, or carriage employ.d.in carrying or conveying the arms or baggage of any luch officer or soldier, or in carrying or conveying any sick, wounded, or disabled officer or soldier, or in carrying or conveying any cannon, ordnance or military {lores, or for or in respect of any horse, mare, or gelding, furnished by or for any persons, in any corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from rhe piace appointed, for and on the days of exereis., provided that such persons be dress.ed in the uniform of their resp.<5live corps or troops, or for or jn respect of any such volunteer, or for or in resp.£t of any person or perfops, or carriage or carriages, of what defeription foeyer, or horse or horse.. employ.d.in conveying the mail or packet, which (hall be made up under the authority or direction of his Majesty’s poll mailer general" or his deputy or deputies, in consideration of which said several exemptions the lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury shall pay pr. cause to be paid, to the said company of proprietors, in each and every year, the clear sum of one thousand pounds, the fame to be paid by four equal quarterly payments, the first of such quarterly payments to be computed from the day on which the laid tunnel /hall be rendered passable for horses, catrle and carriages; and if any person shall claim and, take the benefit of any of the exemptions from toil afore said, not being entitled to the fame, every such perlbn shall, for every such osten.e, fors.it and pay any sum not exceeding forty {hillings. If the one thousand pounds is not paid to the proprietors they may take tolls. Proprietors to furnish boats for government, whilst the tunnel is repairing.

Tolls may be altered. Lamps to be affixed against walls, Sec. Penalty’ on wilfully damaging lamps, Sec. On nonpayment offender to be committed. Perfons accidently damaging lamps, &c. to make satis.faction. And be it further enabled. That all persons whoso.ycr shall have free liberty to pass through the said tunnel, and to lead or drive through the fame, any horse, cattle or other beaks, and carriage, geese, and turkies, upon payment of such tolls as shall be demanded by the said company of proprietors, not exceeding the resp.<5live sums herein mentioned, and subject to the rules and regulations which shall be from time to time made by the laid company of proprietors, by virtue of the powers herein granted ; provided that no person 01 persons {hall, with or without any horse, cattle, or other beast or carriage, geese or turkies, without the content of the said company of proprietors or their committee, pass through the said tunnel at any other times, than between the hours of seven in the morning, and five in the evening, during the months of November, December, January, and Febuaiy, between the hours of five in the morning, and eight in the evening, during the months of March, April, September and October, and between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening, during the months of May, June, July and August, in every year; and the said company of proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to keep the said tunnel well and sufficiently lighted up for and during thg hours required in the said months as aforts.iaid*. (lave and ex.eptfoi* and

duiing

49Q*

Public Local and Perfonal Ads’ [1800.

during such time or times as the said tunnel or any part thereof or any or the works thereunto belonging shall be repairing, or the passage through the fame shall be by any accident impeded or prevented) and in desau.t thereof the said company of proprietors shall fors.it and pay for every offence the sum of twenty pounds, to any person or per-ions, who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered, with full costs of luit, by action of debt, or on the cafe, bill, plaint or information, wherein no eiloin, protection, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance shall be allowed. Eighty pounds a year to be paid to his Majesty as a fa-tisfact.on for his ferry over the river Thames. Thirty pounds a year to be paid to the corporation of Graveiend for their ferry over the river Thames. Ferries velted in the company. Company to use the ferries when the tunnel is repairing. Penalty on damaging the works. And be it further enacted, That all acts and offences done or committed within the said tunnel, or within any part or parts thereof, situate, lying and being under the said river Thames, ihall.be deemed to have been done aild committed within either of the said counties of Kent or Efsex, and shall be enquired of, examined into, and cognizable by the several justices of the said counties respect.vely ; and all actions, bills, suits, informations and indictments may be brought, laid, tried and prosecuted, in either of the said counties of Kent or Efsex. How the tunnel shall he rated. Tunnel not to be under the commissioners of sewers. Rights of the city of London saved. Subferibcrs compelied.to pay their fub^ scrip.ions. Fines and fors.itures. Perfons aggrieyed.by irregularity in distress to recover only the special damages. Form of conviction. Perfons aggrieyed.may appeal to the quarter fess.ons. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form nor removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions. Treble cost.. Publick act.

Cap. 83.

An act for enabling his Majesty to incorporate by charter a company to be calied.The Globe Insura.ce Company, for insurance on lives, and against loss or damage fyy fire, and for other purposes therein mentioned.— [Julyn> 1799.]

WHEREAS it hath been considered, that it would in many respect. be greatly advantageous to the pufilick, if a corporation were estab.ifned for making or esse.ting insurances on lives, and insurances against loss or damage by fire, and for granting, pure.asing, or felling annuities for lives, or on fury.vorship, and for granting sums of money payable at future periods, within the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, and any other parts abroad; and for receiving deposits of thte funds belonging to, and act.ng as treasurers thereof for benefit of friendly societies, and other charitable and benevolent institutions; and also for making provi(ions for the widows and children of the clergy, and for clergymen, and for the receiving deposits from or on account of the members of the indrntrious climes of society, and others, upon such terms, and in such manner, as should be agreed upon between the said corporation, and the persons or societies treating with the fame corporation for the purposes aforesaid; be it theres.re enacted by the King's most excelien. majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parhame.t aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be laws.l to and for. his Majesty, by charter or indenture under the great sea. of Great Britain, to declare and grant, that such and fo many persons as shall be n imecl therein, and all andevery such other persons and person, as from time to lime shall be duly admitted members into their corporation, shall be oneditiinCt and separate body politick and corporate, by the name of Trie Globe insurance company.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be laws.l to and for his Majesty, in and by the said charter or indent me, to declare that the said corporation* fa to be created and

eft&blithed*

i8oo]

9 Geo. III. c. 83*.

established, {hall and may make or esse.t insurances on the life or lives of any person or persons whomsoever, or on ho life?, warehouses, chambers, or other edifices or buildings, goods, wares, or merchandizes, ihips, veiTels, barges, and other cras., with their cargoes, in port or uled on navigable canals, farming flock, and ail other property, against Jofs or damage by fire, in all parts and places whatsoever, either within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or elf:where abroad, whether wjthin his Majelty’s dominions or not; and all'o (hall and may grant, pUrchase, and fell annuities for lives, or on fury.vorship, and grant lsims.of money payable at future periods within the kingdom of Great Britain',.or Ireland, and any other parts abroad, whether within his Majesty’s dominions or not ; and shall and may receive deposits of funds of tontine societies, and of her institutions, estab.ilhed for granting future advantages, and deposits of funds belonging to, and ad. as treasurer thereof for, benefit or friendly societies, and other charitable and benevolent institutions; and make provision for the widows and children of the clergy, and for clergymen, and receive deposits from or on account of members of the industrious classes of society, and others $ and to make prdvision.for members of the industrious classes of society, and others, by allowing interest on such deposits made, or otherwise, upon such terms and conditions, and in luch manner as shall or may be agreed upon between the laid corporation fo to be created and established, and the persons and societies treating with the said corporation, for the purpost. herein-before mentioned.

Ill* Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such deposits made by individuals, Ihall not be payable by the said corporation at a less period than fix calendar months from the time such deposits shall have been made.

IV.  And be.it further enacted, That it shall and may be laws.l to and for his said Majesty, in and by the lai'd charter or indenture, to declare that the said corporation, by the ft id name of The Giooe Infurune. Company, shall have perpetual luce.ssion, and ihall have full power and authority to aft in the premises, and Dy the name aforesaid t6 do, perform, and execute, or cause to be done, performed, and executed, all or any laws.l afts, matters, and things whatsoever, in such manner, in all respes.s, as Ihall be necessary, proper, or expect.ent for giving esse.t thereto^ and to declare that the (aid corporation ihall have power from" time to time to choose its own directors, and other officers and ftryan.s, for the management of the assai.s of the said corporation, in such manner, and under such qualifie.tions, as shall be prese.*bed in arid by the said charter or indenture to be granted or made in that belial.; nevertheless the first directors of the said corporation shall or may be appointed by his Majesty, in and by the laid charter or indenture; and alio in the said charter or indenture to declare that the laid first directors, and all subs.-quent directors, shall continue in their resp.ftits. offices for such number of years, and in cale of death or removal, be supplied in l'uch manner, as in l'uch charter or indenture Ihall be prese.ibed; an1 aifo in the laid charter or indenture to declare that the laid corporation (hall and may have and use a common leal only for the bulineis of the laid corporation, and l'uch leal shall and may, from time to time, break, change, make new, or alter, as lhali be found moll expect.ent; and also in the laid charter or indenture to declare that the said corporation Tnall be able and capable in law to pure.ase, take, hold, and enjoy messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding m the whole the annual value of two thou-sand.pounds, over ana belides such nxlinages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as may be charged with or made a security tor the annuities to be pure.ased by the Ibid corporation : provided mvertheless. That the annual value of the media:ges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be comprized in each pure.ase, be taken to be of that annual value wine. they were of at the time ot the pure.ase thereof; and alio in and by the said charter or indenture to declare that any person or persons, bodies politick cr corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey to the laid corporation any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the life and

benefit

492*  Public  Local  and Perfonal A£ts [i8qo.

benefit of the fajd corporation, potwithstanding.the statute of mortmain ; and also to declare that the said corporation shall have full power and ability at law, to fell, grant, alien, demise, o^ dispose of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of or to which they shall fo become seised or entitled as aforesaid, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleal.re ; and be able and capable in law or equity to sue and implede, and be sued and impleacted, and answer and be answered, defend or be defended, in any courts of law or equity, or elsewhere, in all actions, suits, apd causes whatsoever, relating to the insurances, annuities, deports, contracts, engagements, or their capital joint stock, or any of their estates or esse.ts, or for or upon account of any other matter or thing whatsoever coneer.ing the said corporation.

V.  And be it further enacted, That in the said charter or indenture it shall be provided, that the said corporation, fo to be created and efta-blished.as aforesaid. shall be obliged from time to time during its continuance to cause such a stock of ready money, or such share or (hares of the parhame.tary flocks or publick funds of Great Britain, to be provided and reierved, and to be immediately subject to the dispos.tion of the said corporation, as fir all be futficient to answer all the just demands upon them on account of the said policies of assurance, and any deeds, cdntract. or engagements, to be made or executed, or entered into by the said corporation; and that the said corporation (hall satisfy, pay, and discharge the fame demands from time to time according to the tenor of the said policies of assurance, deeds, contracts, and engagements, and the true meaning of this act, and the charter fo to be granted as aforesaid; and in cafe of refusal or negleCt to answer the said demand, the per-fon or persons, society or societies, whose claim, or demand shall be fo negleCted or refilied, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, may, during the existence of such claims or demands, respect.vely bring his, her, or their act.on of debt, or on the cafe, by bill, fuit, or information, for the money demanded, againlt the said corporation refilling or negleCting to pay as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere, wherein noes.oin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and thTat in such act.on, bill, fuit, or information, the plaintiff or plaintiffs may declare that the fame corporation is indebted to him, her, or them, m the money fo demanded, and have not paid the fame, and thereqpon the plaintiff of plaintiffs shall recover against the laid corporation (ingle damages and full colts of fuit, and the stock and esse.ts of the laid corporation (hall be also subject and liable thereto.

’ VI. And beit further enacted, That the said societies respect.vely may commence or bring such act.on, bills, information or informations, against the said corporation, in the name or names of the presicle.t or presidents, trustee or trustees of, or other person or persons pres.xing over, representing or act.ng for such society or societies, and that the actions, bills, suits or informations fo brought, shall, to all intents and porposes, be as good and esse.tual as if the fame were commeneed.or brought in the names of all the persons composing such society or fociexiep, and no advantage shall be taken thereof, or objection made thereto; any law, practice, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof notwith-withft.mding.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the corporation fo to be created as aforesaid, which shall have or receive any part of the monies, cffeCts, or funds of such society or iocieties, or shall in any manner be intrusted with the dilpoiition, management, or c'lftody thereof, qr of any securities relating to the fame, fh:dh upon demand made in pursuance of any order by such society or committee appointed in such mariner as is directed by an act palied.in the thirty-third year of his presect.Majesty, intituled, ‘An act for the encouragement and relief of friepdly societies. give in the account or accounts of the said corporation with such society or societies, at a general meeting of any such society, or to such committee thereof as a? ore said, to be examined and allowed or difalloived; and the said corporation shall on such demand fo to be made in manner aforesaid, pay

over

i8oo.]  39  Geo.  III.  c. 83*.

• over all the monies then remaining and bfcing in the hands or custody of the iaid corporation, and assign and trarisfer or deliver all feciirities, esse.ts, or funds, taken, or itanding iti the name, or remaining in the hands or custody of the laid corporation, to the treasurer or treasurers, or trustee or trustees for the time being, or to such person or persons as such society lhall appoint ; and in cafe of any negleet.or refusal to deliver file. adeo.nt, or to pay over such monies, or to assign, transfer, or deliver such feeiirities or funds, in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be laws.l to and for every such society, in the name of the treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, (as the cafe may be), or such person or persons as such society or societies shall appoint, to exhibit a petition against the said corpotation fo to be created as aforesaid, in the high court of chaneery, or the court of exchequer in England, or the court of session in Scotland, or the courts of great sessions in Wales re-fpe£tively, who shall and may proceed (thereupon in a summary way, and make such order therein, upon hearing all parties coneer.ed, as to such court in their disere.ion shall seem just; and all alignments and transfers made in pursuance of such order shall be good and die&uai in law to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded, taken, or received by any officer or minister of such court, for any matter or thing done in such court, in pursuance of this a iff, by any such society as aforesaid; and that upon the piesenti.g of any such petition it shall be laws.l for the lord high chanoel.or, the master of the rolls, and the barons of the exchequer respectively in England, or the lords of session in Scotland, or the judges of any of the courts of great sessions in Wales, to assign counsel learned in the law, and to appoint a clerk of such court to advise and carry on such petition on the belial. of such society, who are hereby respectively required to do their duties therein without fee or reward; and that no such proceedings in such court in pursuance of this adt shall be chargeable with any stamp duty.

IX.  And be it also further enacted, That in the charter or indenture for estab.ilhing the said corporation, it shall be provided, that in all actions to be sued or commeneed.against the said corporation, upon any policy of affiurance, deed, contract, or engagement, under the common sea. of the said corporation, it shall and may be laws.l for the said corporation in such action or fuit to plead generally, that they owe nothing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or fuit; and that in all actions of covenant which shall be sued or commeneed.against the said corporation, upon any such policy of assurance under the common sea. o( the said corporation, it shall and may be laws.l for the laid corporation in such action or fuit to plead generally, that they have not broken the covenants in such policy, deed, contract, or engagement contained, or any of them ; and if thereupon ilsue.shall be joined, it shall and may be laws.l for the jury if they fee cause, upon the trial of such issue, to find a verdict for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such luit or action, and to give fo much or such part only of the sum demanded, if it be ail action of debt, or fo much in damage, if it be an action of covenant, as it shall appear to them upon the evidene. given upon such trial, such plaintiff or plaintiffs ought in jultice to have oris or are entitled to; any law or custom to the contrary not-withstanding.

X.  And to the intent that sufficient provision of money may be made for answering and paying just demands upon the laid corporation, and to furnisti.the said corporation with money for its necessary and laws.l sice..ions ; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said corporation shall be obliged, by force and virtue of the laid charter or indenture fo to be granted or made as aforesaid, to raise a sum of- money, not less than five hundred thous.ird pounds, and not exceeding one miilion, within such time or times, not exceeding* a period of two years and an half, tc be computed from the time the laid charter of incorporation shall be granted, and by such proportions, and.

in

493*

Public Lbca! and Perfonal Adis . [1800

in fii:h manner, as in and by the said charter or indenture {hall lye appointed, and the money fo to be railed fhn.ll be and be calied.The Extraordinary Capital Stock belonging to the said Corporation; and that in the said charter or indenture, fo to be granted or made as aforesaid, a provision shall be inserted, that the said corporation, intended to be created and elbblished, is to be created and eflabliihed upon this condition, that the Cud corporation do and shall lay out and invert the sum of three hundred thcusand.pounds, (part of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds extraordinary o'i* capital ltock), within three calendar months next after the fame shall be raised in manner aforesaid, in the pure.ase of land tax upon house.. under an aft parted in the lift fefiion of parhame.t, intituled, ‘An act for making perpetual, iuhject to redemption and pure.ase in the manner therein fiated, the several Turns of money now charged in G reat Britain as “a land tax for one year from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight#’ and al'o do and shall, with one moiety or half part of the net prosi.s which shall arise to the said corporation from the laid establish.en., which shall remain afterpayment of five pounds per centum per annum to the proprietors on the capital Hock, and all salaries and other expence^ attending the institution, lay out such moieties as they (hall* arise, after? making such deductions as aforesaid, in the pure.ase of the said land tax upon houses, from time to time, until the sum of seven hundred thousand founds shall have been fo laid out as aforesaid, urfcfs the whole of the said land tax upon houses shall previously thereto have been redeemed or fold; and that the said corporation shall be allowed ,to pure.ase the said land tax upon the fame terms and conditions, as the owners of lands now are or 11 eteast.r may* be entitled to redeem or pure.ase by the fame or any future abt; but the interest or produce arising from the said sum of three hundred thou-ihnd pounds, and such moieties of the said prosi.s as shall be laid out ill the pure.ase of land tax as aforesaid, fhail not be confides.d or taken ns part of the prosi.s out of which the said sum of seven hundred thou-land pounds, or any part thereof, is to proceed; and also that the sum of five pounds per centum per annum, upon all the said money to be raised as aforesaid, (excepting the said. sum of three hundred thousand pounds fo to he laid out as aforesaid., shall be deduced out of the said moiety or half part of the said net prosi.s, before the fame shall be applied in the pure.ase of the said land tax, in manner herein-before mentioned.

XL Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby sarthe. ena£ted. That a provision (hall be inserted in the said charter, that the said corporation shall, within three calendar months after the date of the said charter, enter into a fuss.dent contract or contracts, according to the provisions of the several ads passed in the last and present fefiions of parhame.t for the redemption of the land tax,,that the said corporation shall and will lay out and invert the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, part of the laid five hundred thousand pounds extraordinary or capital fteck. in the pure.ase of the land tax on houses, or land tax, as provided by this ad, and that the said corporation shall in such contfad or contracts undertake that they (hall and will lay out and invest one hundred thousand pounds, part of the said three hundred thousand pounds, in the pure.ase of the land tax on houses, or land tax, as aforesaid, within one year after the date of the said charter; and that they (hall and will lay but one hundred thousand pounds, other part of the said three hundred thousand pounds, in such pure.ase as aforesaid, within two years after the date of the said charter; and that they shall and will lay out one hundred thousand pound?, residue of the said three hundred thousand pounds, within three calendar months next after the extraordinary or cipital flock shall be raised as aforesaid, in the further pure.ase of the land tax on houses, or land tax, as aforesaid.

XI I. And be it further enacted, That the directors of the said corporation shall yearly lay, or cause to be laid, before each house of parhame.t a true account of the receipt and applie.tion of all monies which shall be received by the said corporation by virtue of this a<5t.

.. XIII. And

i8oo.]  39  Cjeo.  til.  c.  83*.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That in the charter or indenture fo to be executed or made as aforesaid, it shall be declared, that all and every persons or person by or for whom any subscription (hall be made

or accepted, or any payment made pursuant to the orders of any  +

general court or courts, authorised by the said charter or indenture to be held by the said corporation for that purpose, for or towards the raising of the said capital joint Itock as aforesaid, his, her, and 'their executors, administrators, and assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a share of and in the said capital joint stock of the said corporation, in proportion to the monies to which he, file, or they shall have fo contributed towards making up the fame, and to a proportional share of the prosi.s and advantages attending the capital stock of the said corporation, and shall be admitted to be a member or members of the fame.

XIV.  Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no person or persons shall be entitled to any greater share in the capital or joint stock of the said corporation, than the money which he, she, or they fiiall have paid towards the fame; and that the several members of the said corporation do and fiiall respect.vely stand responsible and anfvverable for all just debts and demands of the creditors of the said corporation, to the full amount of their several and relpedtive shares in the capital of the said joint stock, but shall not be any further or othenvise.liable, either personally, or in their several and relpeCtive lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, or esse.ts, for any undertakings, engagements, contnCts, or agreements enteied into by the said corporation * or be subject or liable, by reason of his or their being members of the said corporation, or of any cf the a<5ts of the said corporation, to the statutes respect.ting bankrupts, or any of them.

XV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the said corporation shall not borrow or take up by way of loan, any sum of sums of money whatsoever, other than by a subscription for shares, in manner herein-before mentioned.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That in the charter or indenture to be made and executed as aforesaid, it shall be declared, that the said corporation to be thereby erected and established, for better enabling the fame to answer all just demands upon the policies of assurance for loftes, deeds, contracts, or engagements, or othenvise.as aforesaid, at any time or times during the continuance of the said corporation, according to the true intent and meaning of this a<ft, shall have power in the general court of the said corporation, from time to time as the said corporation shall fee cause, to call in or direct to be paid from and by the respect.ve members thereof for the time being, according to their resp.<ftive shares in the capital stock which shall belong to the said corporation, any sum or sums of money subs.ribed by them to the said undertaking, and such further sum or sums of money, as by any general court shall from time to time be judged necessary, or be ordered to be calied.in or raised; and that all executors, administrators, guardians, trustees, or mortgagees, shall be indemnisi.d in paying, and are hereby empowered to pay in their respect.ve proportions of the money fo calied.for; and in cafe any member or members, who fiiall be required to pay in money upon any call or calls to be made pursuant to this a<5t, fiiall refuse or neglefr to pay his, her, or their share of the money fo calied.for, at the time or times appointed for that purpose by notice inserted in the London Gazette, and upon the royal exchange irr London, it fiiall and may be laws.l to and for the said corporation, and their fuccelfors, to flop the share, prosi.s, or dividends, which shall from time to time become payable from the said corporation, to such member or members fo negleet.ng and refuting, and to apply the fame from time to time for or towards payment of the share of money fo calied.for, and which ought to have been paid by such member or members fo negleet.ng or refuting, until the fame fiiall be fat.isfied, and also to flop the transfers and alignments of the share and shares of every such desau.ter and desau.ters, and to charge such desau.ter or desau.ters with interect, after

 GoOglC

496*  Public  Local  and  Perfonal  A£ls  [iSco:

the rate of five pounds per cenrum per annum, for the money fo by him, het, or them omitted to be paid, from the time the fame was appointed to be paid, until the payment thereof, and that the share and flock, and shares and flocks, of such desau.ter and desau.ters, shall be liable to make good and answer the fakl monies fo appointed to be paid, and the interest thereof as a fo refold ; and in cafe the fame principal and interest shall be unpaid by the space of three calendar months, then the laid corporation, or the court of directors for the time being, shall have power to authorise such person or p'erfons as they shall re-spec.tively think fit, to fell, assign, and transfer fo riiiich of the said flock or (locks of such desau.ter or desau.ters as will satisfy and pay the fame, rendering the overplus (if any) to the proprietors; arid the money fo calied.for and paid in shall be deemed capital flock, and shall be written in the books of the said corporation, and the respective members paying the fame shall have credit in the said books for their respective proportions or (hares thereof; nevertheless the said corporation, arid their successors, in a general court, from time to time, when they judge their assai.s will admit thereof, shall or may cause any sum or sums of money which (hail be fo calied.in, or any part thereof, to be divided and distributed amongst the then members of the said corporation!, according to and in proportion to their respective share or {hares which they shall then have of or in the capital flock of the fame.

XVII.  And be it further enabled, That the particular share and shares •  of  the respective members, of or* in the capital or joint flock of the said.

corporation, from time to time shall be transferable, assignable, and devisable, and their bills, bonds, and obligations, fit all be assignable and recoverable in such manner and^form as his Majesty, by the said charter or indenture, shall preicribe and appoint, as well in relation to such share and shares of flock, as in referene. to such bills, bonds, or obligations respectively j and that the capital flock of the said corporation, intended to be created and established in pursuance of this adt, and the share and interest of each and every particular member thereof and therein, shall be deemed and judged in all courts of law and equity, and elsewhere, to be a personal and not a real estate, and shall go to the executors or administrators of the person or persons dying possessed thereof or entitled thereunto, and not to the heir of such person or persons ; any law, statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIil. And be it forther enabled, That the capital flock of the said corporation, to he established pursuant to this adt, shall, dtiring the continuance thereof, be exempted, and it is hereby exempted, from any tax-s, rates, aiTefiments, or impositions whatsoever, by adl of parhame.t or otherwise, save and except the taxes, rates, assessments, impositions, and duties, imposed by an adl, pafied in the present session of parhame.t, for repealing the duties imposed by an adt made in the lafl fesho.i of parhame.t, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, and for granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties; and that no person who shall be director, or other officer of the Laid corporation, to be created as aforesaid, shall for that cause only be disabled from being a member of parhame.t, nor shall, in resp.ct.of such share or shares, be or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt, within the intent and meaning of all or any of the stat.ifes made of or coneer.ing bankrupts ; and that no flock in the said corporation shall be fuhjedt or liable to any foreign attact.me.t, by the custom of London or otherwise; any law or statute to the contrary Hot-withstand.g.

XIX.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be laws.l fot his Majesty, in and by the said charter or indenture, to grant to the laid corporation, thereby to be created or constituted, power to make bye laws and ordinane.s, and such further powers, authorities, privileges, and advantages, relating to the object.s of the said corporation, and fdi the management or regulation of the coneer.s thereof, as to his Ma-jt'fly shal.seem.moll expect.ent, and as in the fame charter or inderitun

18oo.3  39  Geo.  III. c. 83*.

shall.be expresse.t; and that the clause, and provisions to be mentioned in the said charter or indenture shall to all intents, esse.ts, const.udtions, and purposes whatsoever, have the fame force and effrdt as if the fame had been contained in this adt.

XX.  And whereas it may be difficult hereast.r for the said corporation to find sufficient land tax on houses, to pure.ase in manner directed by this adt, unless they pure.ase land tax on houses in diltant and remote parts of the kingdom, and may not be able to pure.ase land tax on houses without manis.st loss and ineon.enience; be it enacted, That if at any time it {ball seem proper to the lords of the treasury,. on repre-sent.tion made to them by the said corporation, to empower the said corporation to pure.ase land tax instead of land tax on houses, land tax fo pure.ased (hall be considered as an equivalent for the land tax on houses directed to be pure.ased by this adt.

XXI.  And be it further enacted, That the adt made and palied.in the seventeenth year of his present Majeity, intituled, ‘ An adt for registering the grants of fife annuities, and for the better protection of infants againlt such grants,' or any clause or provision therein contained, shall not extend to or in anywise asse.t any annuities to be granted by the said corporation.

XXII.  And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons (hall forge or counters.it the common sea. of the said corporation, to be created and established pursuant to this ad, or shall forge, counters.it, or alter any policy, d^ed, bill, bond or obligation, under the common sea. of the laid corporation, or shall offer to, dispose of, or pay away any such forged, counters.ited, or altered policy, deed, bill, bond, or obligation, knowing the fame to be such, or (hall demand the money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of or from the said corporation, or any of the officers of the said corporation, knowing such policy, deed, bill, bond, or obligation, to be forged, counters.ited, or altered, with intent to defraud the said corporation, or any person or persons whomsoever, every such person or persons fo offending, and being convicted thereof in due form of law, (hall be guilty of felony, and suffer as in cases.of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXIII.  And be it further enacted, That this aft (hall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a publick adt, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges and other persons, without specially pleacting.the fame.

XUL  ^  *It

THE

tatutes at Harge,

Anno  tricejimo nonoet quadragejimo

GEORG II III. Regis:

Being the FOURTH Seffion of the Eighteenth Parhame.t of Great Britain.

■VOL.-XLII. PART II.

A

TABLE

OF ALL THE

STATUTES

Pafied in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of his Majesty

KING GEORGE the THIRD.

PUBL1CK GENERAL ACTS,

Cap. i. 'Y? O R enabling his Majesty to accept the services of JL? an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain reftrids.ons.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Walesy and the town of Bervj'ick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 4. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred ; and for permitting exchequer bills, ifTued under an adt of the last session of parhame.t, for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, and for other purposes, if not paid by a certain day, to be received in payment of any of the branches of the publick revenue.

Cap. 5. For enabling his Majesty to direct. the ifliie of exchequer bills to a limited amount, and in the manner therein mentioned, for the relief of the mereliant. of Liverpool and Lancajler•

Cap. 6. To enable the lords commis.ioners of his Majesty’s treasury to issue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as may arise by virtue of an adi of the thirty-

a 2  eighth

 CjOO^Ic

A TABLE of the STATUTES

eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for granting certain additional duties of oust.ms on goods exported and imported, and on tonnage of (hips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the prelish.nary articles of peace ; and upon an a61 of last session of parhame.t for granting certain duties upon income.

Cap. 7. To prohibit, until the first day of March one thou-sand.eight hundred, the making of low wines or spirits,, from wheat, barley, malt, or other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or any bran, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.

Cap. 8. For reducing, until the fir ft day of 'June one thousand eight hundred, the duties upon spirits distilied.from melasses.or sugar, or any mixture therewith ; for prohibiting the distillation of spirits from wheat or wheat flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better coliedling the duties payable on the importation of stare..

Cap. 9. To continue, until the twentieth day* of February one thousand eight hundred, several laws relating to the prevention and punislimen. of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty’s foroes; to the empowering his Majesty to accept the services of such parts of the militia of this kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland; to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the iiluing of orders in couneil.for that purpose; to the authoriflng his Majesty to make regulations respect.ing.the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral ships ; and to continue, until the thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred, an acl of the last session of parhame.t, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty.

Cap. 10. To extend the period, limited by an a<5l of the last session of parhame.t, for the benefit of prese.ence to certain bodies, companies, and persons, in contracting for the redemption of land tax, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thou-' sand eight hundred.

Cap. 11. To amend fo much of an acct, made ip the last session of parhame.t, for granting certain duties upon income, as relates to the appropriation of the said duties and of the duties upon goods imported and exported, granted by an a£t of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 12. To enable the commis.ioners of the customs to allow, until the first day of April one thousand eight hundred, Eriiifh plantation sugars to be warehoused ; to revive fo much, ef an a<5t, made in the thirty-second.year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the aseer.aining the average prie. of sugar, and regulating the allowane. of drawback on the exportation thereof ; and for allowing, until the fist. day of May one thousand eight hundred, certain drawbacks on sugar exported.

Cap,

(Public General) 39 & 40 GEO. Ill-

Cap. 13. For allowing further time for the payment of in** stal.ents on'certain sums of money advaneed.by way of loan to several persons connected with and tracting.to the iilands of Grenact. and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 14. For empowering his Mojest. to ihorten the time for the meeting of parhame.t in cases.of adjournment.

Cap. 15; For continuing, until the expiration of fix weeks after tne commencement of the next fefiion of parhame.t, an ad, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for empowering his Majessy.for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of fuck parts of his militiafore.s in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselyes.to be employod in Ireland*

Cap. 16. For continuing, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the- next fefiion of parhame.t, an ad, made in the thirty-seven.h year of the reign of his present Majessy, intituled. An act for the better prevention and pnnisome.t of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majest..s foroes, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majessy, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

Cap. 17. To continue, until the first day of March one thou-sand.eight hundred and three, an acl, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majessy, for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the expiration of,forty days after the commencement of the next fefiion of parhame.t, several laws relating to the-admis.ion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing cf orders ir* couneil.for that purpose; to the authorising his Majessy.to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling his Majessy.to permit goods to be impoited into this kingdom in neutral ship..

Cap. 18. To prohibit, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next fefiion of parhame.t, any person or persons from felling any bread which shall not have been baked a certain time.

Cap. 1 q. To indemnify foch.person. as have omitted to qualify themselyes.for offices and employments; and to indemnify* justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regis.er or deliver in their qualifie.tions within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand eight hundred ; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admis.ions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been (lamped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand eight hundred, to provide admis.fions duly stamped ; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of *  a  3  "the

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the militia, who have negleet.d to transmit descriptions of their qualifie.tions to the clerks of the peace within the time directed bylaw, and forextending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 20. For sarthe. continuing, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an a (ft, made in the last section of parhame.t, intituled. An act for further contitiu-ing9 until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an aft^ wade in the last fess.on of parhame.t, intituled, 4 An aft to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall fuf* pest are conspiring against his person and governmentd

Cap. 21. To continue, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an ad, made in this present feflion.of parhame.t, to prohibit the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, or other fort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran, in that part of Great Britain calied.Scotland.

Cap. 22. For railing the sum of twenty miilion. five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

Cap. 23. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on Britijh and foreign spirits, and tea.

Cap. 24. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine foroes.while on shore.

Cap. 25. To prohibit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred, the use of wheat in making stare..

Cap. 26. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commis.ioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 27. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 28. For establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advane.ng the sum of three miilion., towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 29. For granting bounties outhe.importation of wheat, wheaten flour, and rice, until the first day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 30, For extending, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the- period of prese.ence, granted and continued by several ads to bodies corporate and persons for the redemption of land tax ; and for enlarging several of the powers contained in the said ads.

Cap. 31. For appointing commis.ioners to put in execution an ad of this session of parhame.t, intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices^ and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the toivn of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain duties onsugar, malt, tobacco, and'fnujjft for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former ads for appointing commissioners of the land tax.

Cap,

(Public General) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

Cap, 32. For indemnifying persons serving in volunteer corps, who have omitted to take out certifie.tes for wearing hair powder; and to amend fo much of an ad, made in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to bis Majefiy, a duty on certifie.tes ijfiued for using hair powder, as relates to the exempting persons serving in volunteer corps, and certain officers in his Majesty’s navy serving on the estab.iffiment of the royal hospital at Greenwich, from the said duty; and for obliging persons claiming to be exempt from the duties on horses provided and furnished for volunteer corps to deliver certifie.tes thereof to the proper officers.

Cap. 33. To enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury to ifiue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or {hall be granted by parhame.t, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred ; and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to advane. cash or builion, to be remitted abroad on account of foreign subsidies or services abroad.

Cap. 34. To permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America, belonging to any foreign European sovereign or {fate, in neutral (hips, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 35. For granting a bounty on the importation of oats, until the first: day of Ofiober one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 36. To enable courts of equity to compel a transfer of flock in suits, without making the governor and company of the bank of England, or the united company of mereliant. of England tracting.to the East Indies, or the governor and company of mereliant. of Great Britain tracting.to the South Seas or other parts of America, party thereto.

Cap. 37. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain calied.England, for one year, from the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 38. For repealing fo much of an act, made in the last session ot parhame.t, intituled/ An all for permitting certain goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties noiv payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof^ as relates to saltpetre.

Cap. 39. For inere.sing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldier..

Cap. 40. To enlarge the powers of the directors and guardians of the poor within the several hundreds, towns, and districts, in that part of Great Britain calied.England, incorporated by divers ads of parhame.t, for the purpose of the better maintenance and employment of the poor, as to the asse.fments to be made upon the several parishes, hamlets, and places therein, mentioned, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and two.

Cap. 41. For explaining and amending several ads, made in the thirty-second.year of King Henry the Eighth, and the first,

a 4  thirteenth.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

thirteenth, and fourteenth years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, fo far as respect. leases granted by archbist.ops, bist.ops, masters and fellows of colieges, deans and chapters of cathedral and collegiate chure.es, masters and guardians of hospitals, and others having any spiritual or ecclTiasti.al living or promotion.

Cap. 42. For the better obseryan.e of Good Friday, in certain cases.therein mentioned.

Cap. 43. To confirm an agreement entered into between the commis.ioners of his Majesty’s treasury and the most noble Charles duke of Riclimon., in pursuance of an a£f, palied.in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to enable the commijjioners of the treasury to contract with the most noble Charles duke ^Riclimon., for the absolute pur chas. of the property of the said duke, and of all others interejlectin.a certain duty of twelve-pence per chaldron on coals Jhipped in the river Tyne to be conjumed in England, and to grant a compensation for the fame, by way of annuity, payable out of the consolidated fund.

Cap. 44. For granting, until the twenty-fist. day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, certain allowane.s to adjutants, serjeant majors, and serjeants of militia, disembodied under an a Bt of this session of parhame.t, intituled, An act for enabling his Majefy to accept the services of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain refriction..

Cap. 45. For making perpetual fo much of an a<5t, made in the thirty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time; and to continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty upon certain species of Britijh and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of fune one thousand eight hundred and one ; to the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the manus.cture of Britijh fail cloth, and securing the duties on foreign-made fail cloth imported, to the securing the duties upon foreign-made fail cloth, and charging foreign-made fails with a duty, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t; to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs, and of the naval officers in the Britijh coionics.in America, and of the officers of the customs in the illand of Newfoundland^ until the ninth day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t; to the landing rum or, spirits of the Britijh sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t; to the encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijh dominions in Europe, until the first day of fanuary one thousand eight hundred and two ; and to the further support and encouragement of the fisher.es

carried

(Public General) 39 &? 40 GEO. III.

carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, unti < the twenty-fist. day of December one thousand eight hundred | and one.

Cap. 46. For the more easy and expect.tious recovery of small I debts, and determining small causes in that part of Great Britain pr calied.Scotland.

% Cap. 47. For repealing the rates and fares taken by licensed, hackney coact.men, and for establish.r.g other rates and fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several laws | < relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

Cap. 48. To repeal the duties on sugar and cosse. exported, granted by an a<5t, passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for allowing Britijh plantation sugar to be ware-house.l ; for reviving fo much of an a£t, mad© in the thirty— second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the aseer.ai'ning the average prie. of sugar, and regulating the allowane. of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing certain drawbacks on sugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 49. For the better aseer.aining and collecting the duties granted by several 2&s passed in the last session of parhame.t, relating to the duties on income ; and to explain and amend the said act..

Cap. 50. To extend the provisions of an aft made in the seventeenth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft to amend and make more esse.tual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and dijorderly persons, and to houses cf correction.

Cap. 51. To permit blubber from the Greenland fishery and Davis's Streights to be boiled into oil after the arrival of the (hips from the fish.ry, and for charging the duty thereon ; for altering the convoy duty now payable on the importation of opium ; for repealing the duties on the importation of oil of turpentine and tar, and charging other duties in lieu thereof; for exempting burr hones and hones used for the purpose of paving or the making or mending of roads, from the duties charged thereon when carried coastwise; for obliging masters of (hips laden with tobacco to remove the fame from their moorings when their Cargoes are discharged ; and for extending bonds given on licensed ships, vessels, or boats, to all cases.wherein ships, vesse.s, or boats may be liable to fors.iture.

Cap. 52. For graining to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be railed by a lottery.

Cap. 53. For granting a bounty on the importation of rye, until the fist.enth day of October one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 54. For more esse.tually charging publick accountants with the payment of interest; for allowing interest to them in certain cases; and for compelling the payment of balances duq from them.

Cap. 55. To amend fo much of an act, made in the last fef-^ lion of parhame.t, for the augmentation of the salaries of the

judges

A TABLE of the STATUTES

judges of the courts in Wejhninst.r Hally and also of the lords of • fefTion, lords commissioners of justiciary, and barons of^exchequer in Scot land, as relates to the salaries of the judges of the courts of fefiion, justiciary, and exchequer in Scotland.

Cap. 56. For relief of persons entitled to entailed estates to be pure.ased with trust monies.

Cap. 57. For enabling the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland to advane. to the lord proyost.and magistrates of the city of Edinburgh, for the purpose of completing the improyemen.s of the harbour of Leith, a certain sum, being part of the money which by an a£f of the last fefiion of parhame.t was directed to be paid into the said court of exchequer by the proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.

Cap. 58. For further continuing and amending an acct, made in the last session of parhame.t, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn; and for allowing the importation of other articles of proviiion without payment of duty.

Cap! 59. To remove doubts arising from the construe.ion of an a&, made in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for permitting certain goods imported from, the East Indies to be warehoused,, and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. To lesien.the duties on wine and spirits the produce of the Britijh settlement of the Cape of Good Eope\ and to empower the importers to land the fame before payment of the duties of excise, and to lodge the fame in warehouses ; and to allow the fame' to be shipped free of duty as stores, to be conr sum.d on board mereliant. (hips on their voyages.

Cap. 61. To revive and continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, such part of an aeft, made in the present session of parhame.t, for reducing the duties upon spirits distilied.from melafies or sugar, or any mixture therewith, and for other purposes, as relates to the duties on wort or wash brewed or made from melasse. or sugar.

Cap. 62. To allow, for nine months after the palling of the atft, the use of sugar in the brewing of beer.

Cap. 63. For repealing part of the duties and drawbacks of customs on kid skins imported, and the exemption of imported kid skins from excise duty on being dressed in Great Britain.

Cap. 64. For permitting the free importation of linseed cakes and rape cakes in neutral ship..

Cap. 65. To continue, until the first day ot January one thousand eight hundred and four, fereral a<fts relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and to the ifilling.of orders in couneil.for that purpose.

Cap. 66. To repeal fo much of an acct, patted in the second year of King James the First, as prohibits the use of horse hides in making boots and {hoes ; and for better preventing the damaging of raw hides and skins in the flaying thereof.

Cap, 67. For the union of Great Britain and Irelatid,

Cap

(Public General) 39 i£ 40 GEO. III.

Cap. 68. For extending the powers of the commi/Iioners named in an ad, made in this present session of parhame.t, intituled, An act for appointing com?n iff oners to put in execution an aft of this fess.n of parhame.t, intituled, 4 An act for continuing and granting to his Ma'jeJly a duty on pensions, offices, and personal efates, In Fnnrlanrl Wal« *Le town ^Berwick upon Tweed, and

xdreds.together with those named in two nmiff oners of the land tax; for indemnifying such persons, named in the (aid a61, as have acted as commissioners of the land tax; and for rendering valid certain ads done by them.

Cap. 69. For repealing the duties on persum.ry and on licences for vending the fame.

Cap. 70. To exempt from duty waste paper imported into this kingdom, for the purpose of being re-manus.dured, except the duty hrsposed.by an ad of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported.

Cap. 71. To authorise bakers and other persons to fell bread to his Majesty’s foroes.on the march, which (hall not have been baked twenty-four hours, and to indemnify all persons by whom such bread may have been fo fold.

Cap. 72. To amend several laws relating to the duties on stamped vellum, parclime.t, and paper.

Cap. 73. For repealing the duties of excise on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of Britifo-made spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing certain ads of parhame.t for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland.

Cap. 74. Tor amending several ads for regulating the prie. and a(size.of bread.

Cap. 75. For making allowane.s in certaiacases.to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 76. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the Weft India istands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 77. For the security of colheries.and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners.

Cap. 78. To discharge from a disputed and dormant claim of the publick, several estates belonging to the right honourable Wiilia. Carr earl of Errolilord high constable of Scotland.

Cap. 79. For establishing further regulations for the government of the Britifo territories in India, and the better administra.tion of justice within the fame.

Cap. 80. For erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county cf Kent ; and for reducing into one ad the laws relating to quarantine, and for making further provision therein.

tobacco, andsnuff. for the service of

Cap,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 81. To repeal an a61, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft to prevent frauds in the buying and felling of hops, and for the better collection of the duty on hops; and to prevent frauds and abuses in the trade of hops.

Cap. 82. For fuspending, until the twentieth day of Auguji one thousand eight hundred, the duties on foreign hops imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 83. For permitting Frene. wines to be imported into this kingdom from the isles of Guernfey, JerJey, or Alderney, in bottles or flask..

Cap. 84. To render valid indentures of apprenticeship.of poor children and others, made upon improper stamps, upon certain conditions, and to indemnify all persons who may have incurred penalties thereby ; and for aliowing attested copies of indentures, leases, or deeds, to be damped after the ingross.ng, writing, or printing thereof.

Cap. 85. To continue, until the fist. day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, and amend an a<St of the last session of parhame.t, for continuing several ads for the encouragement of the British fisher.es.

Cap. 8b. For the better preservation of timber in the New Fores, in the county of Southampton • and for aseer.aining the boundaries of the laid forest, and of the lands ot the crown within the fame.

Cap. 87. For the more esse.tual prevention of depredations on the river Thames, and in its vicinity ; and to amend an ad, made in the lecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum boats and other boats upon the river Thames.

Cap. 88. Coneer.ing the disposition of certain real and per-fonal property of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and also of the real and persona. property of her Majesty, and of the Queen contort for the time being.

Cap, 89. For the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majesty’s naval, ordnance, and viduailing stores.

Cap. 90. For settling disputes that may arise between matters and workmen engaged in the cotton manus.cture in that part of Great Britain calied.England.

Cap. 91. To prohibit, until the fist.enth day of Oftober one thousand eight hundred, the exportation of rice.  ^

Cap. 92. For estab.ilhing certain regulations in the offices of the houl'e of commons.

Cap. 93. For regulating trials for high treason and misprision of high treason, in certain cases.

Cap. 94. For the safe custody of insane persons charged with offences.

Cap. 95. To indemnify all persons who have printed, pub-lished, or dispersed, or who (hall publish or disperse, any papers printed under the authority of the commissioners or bead officers

of

(Public General) 39 &? 40 GEO. III.

of any publick boards, from all penalties incurred by reason of the name and place of abode of the printer of such papers not jk being printed thereon.

m Cap. 96. For explaining and amending fo much of an a<5t, p passed in the present session of parhame.t, relating to the duties P| on income, as resp.ffs the delivery of the statements to the hi commercial commits.oners of London, under the amount of twenty pounds.

gif Cap. 97. To incorporate certain persons by the name of The London Company for the Manus.cture of Flour, Meal, and Breads for a limited time.

Cap. 98. To restrain all trusts and directions in deeds or wills, whereby the prosi.s or produce of real or personal estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial enjoyment thereof post.poned beyond the time therein limited.

Cap. 99. For better regulating the business of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 100. To authorise his Majesty to grant commissions to natives of the (even united provine.s, or of the hereditary hates of the prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch (hips of war, surrendered to his Majesty’s fleet, and in regiments in the pay of his Majesty ; and to enable any such natives to inlift as soidlers.in such regiments, under certain restrict.ons.

Cap. 101. To give further time for the payment, on the conditions therein mentioned, of instalments, on certain loans advaneed.to the house of Alexander Houfloun and company, to Charles Afhwell esquire, and to Wiilia. Johnstone.esquire, being persons connected with and tracting.to theistands.f Grenact. and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 102.' For raising the sum of three miilion. five hundred thousand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 103. For railing the sum of three miilion., by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 104. For raising the further sum of three miilion. by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 105. For the better regulating the practice, and for pre~ venting delays in the proceedings of the court of common pleas

at Lancafer.

Cap. 106. To repeal an aeft, passed in the last session of parhame.t, intituled, An aft to prevent unlaws.l combinations of workmen \ and to substitute other provisions in lieu thereof.

Cap. 107. To permit, until fix weeks after the commence-, ment of the next session of parhame.t, the importation of Swedish.herrings into Great Britain,

Cap. 108 For indemnifying the governor of Surinam, or the person acting as such, for having permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms ; and for making void all seizures of ships, vefleis, or goods, for any thing done in pursuance of such permis.ion.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. log. For granting to his Majesty a certain fain of money out of the consolidated fund, for applying certain sums.f money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred ; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this jefiion of parhame.t, and for making forth duplie.tes of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certifie.tes, receipts, annuity orders* or other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroy.d.

\

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACLS.

i. A N a£t for altering, amending, and rendering more ef--l \ fest.al, an acct, made in the twenty-firs. year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands in the several parish.s of Marjey, Upvvell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial place in Byal fen, within the Ifle of Ely, and county of Cambridge;

2.  An a£f for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two a£ts, parted in the twenty-sixth.year of his late Majesty, and in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road fronj the borough of Leicester, in the county of Leicejler, to the town of AJhby-de-la~Zoucb) in the fa id county.

3.  An a<51 for more esse.tually repairing, widening, and improving the roads from the borough of Leicejler, in the county of Leicejler, to the town of Narhorough ; and from the said borough of Leicejler to the town of Earl Shilton ; and from the said town of Earl Shilton to the town of Hinckley in the said county.

4.  An act for continuing for a further term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term of two a<ts, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the twenty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the haven 2nd piers of Great Yarshout.; and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselyes.into the said haven ; and preserving ships wintering therein from accidents by fife; and also for building a new bridge over the haven of Great Yarshout.; and for altering and enlarging the powers thereof, fo far as the fame relate to the said haven and piers.

5.  An aeft for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds within the parishes of Cantley and Hajsing.am* in the county of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the fame, and also certain marsh lands within the said parishe..

6.  An a£t for continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t.

 Go< le

(Public Local £sf Perfonal) 39 £5? 40 GEO. III.

ment, and for altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, one made in the thirty-firs. year of the reign of his Jate majesty King George the Second, and the other in the seven.e.nth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leacting.from Brent Bridge, in the county of Devon, to* GaJIeing Gate, in or near the borough of Plyshout., in the said county*

7.  An a<fl for more esse.tually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several roads, leacting.from the town of Ivelchejler, in the county of Somerse..

8.  An ad for inere.sing the tolls authorised to be taken on the road leacting.from Sevenoaks Common to the market house in Tunbridge Town, by an ad palied.in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leacting.from Sevenoaks Common to Woodjgate, Tunbridge, Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the county of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodf* gate afores.id.

9.  An ad to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the terpi, and alter the powers, of two ads, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the roads leacting.from the village of Milford; in the county of Surrey, through Petworth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the county of Suffix,

10.  An ad for the appointment and regulation of pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Kingjlon-upon-Hull', and for aseer.aining the salvage for anchors, cables, and other ships materials, found in the river Humber > and for the better aseer.aining the tonnage of balias.: light.r. employ.d.at the said port*

11.  An ad for opening and making two new streets in the city of Aberdeen.

12.  An ad for more esse.tually repairing the road from Sum*

:merrods Bar, near the town of Hexhatn, in the county of Nor-ilium.erland\ to the town of Alflon, in the county of Cumberland.

13.  An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next section of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, palied.in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the roads from the town of Halisa., and from Sower by Bridge, in the county of fork, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Lit tie borough, in the county of Lancajler.

14.  An ad for more esse.tually repairing the road from Glen*

Vthelt, through HaltwhiJUe, Hexham, and Cor bridge, to the mili-r tary road near Shildon Bar; and for making and repairing a .branch road from Cor bridge a fore said, to Heddon-on-the- Wall, all inrtke county of Northumberland,

' 15. An ad- for'more esse.tually repairing, widening, and itn|#oving the road from the village of Magor to the bridge foot

in

*  

A TABLE of the STATUTES

in the town of Gbepjloiv in the county of Monshout., and several other roads in the counties of Monshout., Gloue.ster, Hereford, and Brecon, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from j thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t.  jj§

16.  An adt for amending, altering, improving, and keeping J|

in repair, the road leacting.from the turnpike road in Witney to the ® turnpike road on Swerford Heath, and also the road leacting.from the turnpike road from IVoodJiock to Birmingham, through Chari-bury, to the turnpike road from Chipping Norton to Burfordy all i in the county of Oxford.  -  xi

17.  An a<5t for making and repairing the road from the town of Stonehaveny through the Slug-mount, to the new bridge ovet the river Dee at Cobleheugh, in the county of Kinear.ine.

18.  An a<5l for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the * term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acct., made

in the thirty-second.year of the reign of his late majesty King-George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Wakefield to Aujler-landSy in the weft riding of the county of York.

ig. An a£t to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an a£t, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lan-cast.vy fo far as the fame relates to the road from Hash.gden to Todmordeny being the second dist.iCt of the said roads; and for making and maintaining a branch theres.om, at or near a place calied.Fearns in Wolfenden Boothy to Edge Side in the fame booth, and another branch theres.om, at or near a place calied.Robert's Mill in Bacup Booth, into the Rochdale turnpike r-oad in the parish of Spot land9 all in the said county palatine of Lancast.r.

20.  'An a<5t for more esse.tually repairing the road from Ale* shout.y through Alnwick and Rothburyy to Hexham, and a branch from the said road, between Alnwick and Rothbury9 to Jockey’s Dike Bridgey in the county of Northumberland.

21.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, inclosing, draining, and preserving the open fields, commons, fens, and waste grounds, within the parish of Ludhamy in the county of Norfolk.

22.  An aCl for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acct., passed for widening and repairing the high road leacting.from Heron Sykey which divides the counties of Lancast.r and Weflmorland9 to the town of Kirkbyy in Kendaly and from the said town of Kirk by y in Kendaly through the town of Shapy to Emont Bridgey in the said county of Weft m or land.

23.  An afor making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the river Thamesy near to the town of Graves.ndy in the county of Kenty to the river Medway, at a place calied.Nichols.n's

Ship•

(Public Local Petfonal) 39 £5? 40 GEO. IIT.

Ship-Tardy in the parish of Frindfbury, in the said county; and also a certain collateral cut, from White Wall in the said parish. to the said river Medway.

24.  An a6t for amending the several a£ts parted for making* extending, finishing, and completing the canal navigation from Manchester to or near AJhton-under-Lyne and Oldham, and the several cuts and other works authorised to be made and done by the company of proprietors of the said canal navigation ; and for granting to the said company further and other powers.

25.  An a61 for lighting the streets and lanes of the borough of Berwick-upon-Tweedy and the quays and wharfs belonging to the said borough, and that part of the bridge over the river Tweed which lies within the liberties of the said borough, and also the rtreet of Caftlegatey within the said borough or the liberties thereof; and for paving the foot-paths of the streets of the said borough and of Cajllegate aforesaid 5 and for preventing ob-ftrudtions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

26.  An acct to alter, explain, amend, and render more esse.tual* an a£t, parted in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled. An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands in'the Ifle of Ely and county 0/Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and the Quze, and bounded on the south by the hard lands of Mepall, Wicham, Wentworth* Wichford, Ely* Downham, and Littleport; andfor 'em* powerijjg the governor, bailiss., and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly calied.Bedford Level, to fell certain lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly calied.Inverted Lands.

27.  An a (St for continuing for twenty-one years* and from thence to the end of the then next fed]on of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two a&s, parted in the thirty-firs. year of the reign of his late majerty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majerty, for repairing and widening the road from The Swan Inn at Leatherheady to The May Pole at the upper end of Spital or Somerse. Street* in the parish of iStoke, near the town of Guldefordy in the county of Surrey.

28.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term* and altering and enlarging the powers of two adds, parted in the thirtyftrft year of the reign of his late majerty King George the Second and the tenth year of the reign of his present Majerty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Dorfet and Devon, leacting.to and through the borough of Lyme Regis, and from the turnpike road on Xjplyme Hill to the turnpike road at The Three Ashe.y in the parish of Crewkerne* in the county of Somerse.y and other roads therein mentioned.

29.  An a£t for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then'next session of parhame.t, the term and altering'and enlarging the powers of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majerty King

Vol, XLIL  b  George

Go< i

A TABLE of the STATUTES

George the Second and the twentieth year of the reign of his pre-sent.Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to repairing and widening the road from the borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the town of Pateley Bridge, in the county of York.

30.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, palied.in the twenty-fir If year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for more esse.tually repairing the road leacting.from the town of Denbigh to the toiun of Saint Afaph, and from thence to the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint ; and for repealing an aft, made in the thirty-second.year of his late maje/ly King George the Second, fo far as the fame relates to thesaid.road.

31.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feilion.of parhame.t, the term and altering the powers of two acts, palied.in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, fo far as the said acts relate to the road leacting.from the town of JVrexham in the county of Denbigh, to Pent re Bridge in the county of Filt.

32.  An act for repealing an adt, passed in the thirty-fist. year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for making and repairing certain roads in the county ^Aberdeen ; and for the more esse.tually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair the said roads, and other roads in the said county, and for levying a conversion money in lieu of the statute labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the high roads and bridges in.the said county.

33.  An adt for draining, improving, and preserv.g the low lands and grounds within the townlhips of Crojlon, Mawdefley, Rafford, Bifpham, Tarleton, and Bretherton, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

34.  An adt for enlarging the powers of fo much of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing certain roads in tiie county of Perth, as relates to the road from Perth to Cupar, or the neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far as the confines of the said county,

35.  An adt for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint John Hampstead, in the county of Mid* dlesex.

36.  An adt for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale canal to raise money for completing the said canal, nnd to vary the line of the said canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the adt, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of. his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

37.  An adt to enable the Dearne and Dove canal company to fi nil'll and complete the said canal, and the several collateral cuts:

(Public Local &? Perfonal) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

branching theres.om ; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of an aft, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said canal and collateral cuts$ and for enere.sing the toils thereby granted.

38.  An act for altering and amending an aft, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Peak Foreji canal; and for granting to the company of proprietors of the said canal further and other powers. . r .  -

39f -.An.aft for enabling the Fluddersfield. canal company to finis.- and complete the Huddersfield canal; and for amending the aft, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign -of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Huddersfield canal.

40.  An act for amending and making more esse.tual an aft, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of .his present Majesty, for embanking, draining, and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, in the> parish of Ramfey, in the county of Huntingdon, and in the parishes of Doddington, March, Benwick, Wimblingtcn, and Chatteris, within the Ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge; and for amending the road from a certain bridge, in the parish of Chatteris aforesaid, calied.Carter's Bridge, by a drain calied.Vertnuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a bridge calied.The Forty Feet Bridge, in the fsid parish of Rarnfey; fo far as the said aft relates to embanking the lands therein deferibed, calied.by the name of The Upper Difiriut or Division.

41.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of art aft, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge across the river Tawey at a place calied.The Wich Tree, in the parish of Llansa.lett, to the oppoflte shore in the parish of <Llanges.lach, in the county of Glamorgan \ for making proper avenues or.roads to and from the said bridge, and also for repairing and widening the road frogi Pent re Brook, near a place calied.Aberdivyberthy, in the parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended bridge.

42.  An act for raiflng a further sum of money for carrying into execution two several afts, passed in the thirty-fist. and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for widening and improving the entrance into the city of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious street or paf-sage.at Snow Hill, and for raising on the credit of the orphans fund, a sum of money for those purposes; and for explaining and amending the said afts.

43.  An act for making and maintaining a road from, or from near, Lightpill Gatey on the road leacting.from Bath to Dudbridge, in the parish of Rodborough, to join the turnpike road from Pains.ick to Cheltenham, at or near to Eirdlipr in. the parishes of

b 2  Brimpsfield

A TA«LE of the STATUTES

Brimp fteld and Cowley, or one of them, all in the county of

Gloue.ster.

44.  An adf for (hutting up and dise.ntinuing certain roads and foot paths, leacting.through the grounds of fir Richard Brook baronet, in the towns.ips of Norton and Halton, in the parish of Runcorn, and county palatine of Chester, and for making and maintaining ether roads instead thereof,

45.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and front thence to the end of the then next section of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two adfsr made in the thirtyTecond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Chapel Bar, near the' weft end of tire town of Nottingham, to Neivhaven, and from the 'Four Lane Ends, near Oakerthorpe, to JJbbonie, and from the cross post on JVirkfworth Moor, to join the road leacting.from Chejlerfield to Chapel-en-le-Frith, at or near Lotigfion, in the county of Derby, and from Sel/lon to Annejley JVoodhouse, in the county of Nottingham.

46.  An act for more esse.tually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the road from a place calied.The Stone Piliar, or Cross.Hand, in the parish of Chippenham, in the county of Wilts, to or near to a bridge calied.Knox Bridge, in the parish of JVeJlerleigh, in the county of Gloue.ster, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties of Wilts and Gloue.ster.

47.  An adt for making wet docks, basons, cuts, and otherv Works, for the greater accommodation and security of (hipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.

48.  An adl for providing a workhouse for the use of the parish of Alclbourne in the county of Wilts; and for appointing an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the said parish.

49.  An adf for forming, paving, cleans.g, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in repair, the streets, squares, and other publick passages and places, which are and (hall be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground, in the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, belonging to the most noble Francis duke of Bedford.

50.  An a<5i for enclosing and embellishing the centre or area of a certain square, intended to be calied.RuJJell Square, purposed to be made in the parish of Saint George Bloomjbury, in the county of Middlesex, and for forming and making the fame into a plea-sure.ground, and for continuing and keeping the fame in repair.

51.  An adl for the repairing the parish chure. of Chelmsford, in the county of EJsex.

52.  An adi for explaining, amending, and continuing an adt, made in the fist.enth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An afi for repairing the highways and bridges in the /hire ^Argyll.

53.  An adt for repealing fo much of an adt, passed in the

twenty-

{Public Local & Perfonal) 39 & 4of?EO. IIL

twenty-fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled?

An act for the removal and rebuilding of the couneil.chamber, guilds holly and gaol of the city tf/'New Sarum, andfor aseer.aining the tolls of the market, and regulating the chairmen within the /aid. city y as requires the mayor and commonalty of the city of Nezv Sarum to build a new gaol within the said city, or the suburbs or pre-cindts thereof; and for authorising the commitment of felons u and other persons within the limits of the said city and the close thereof, to the gaol of the county of Wilts; and for explaining and amending the said adi.

54.  An adt to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers of an a61, palied.in the thirty-firs. year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for improving the navigation of the river Ouse. between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in tire county of Sufjexy and for the better draining of the lowiands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said county.

55.  An adt for enabling the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Leicef er navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the county of Leicester. to complete their navigation, and to dif-charge the debts contracted by them in the making thereof; and for amending the act, palied.in the thirty-firs. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said navigation.

56.  An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Oakham canal to raise money for completing the said canal, and also for altering and amending an adt, pafied in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

57.  An act for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Lancafer canal navigation to complete the fame.

58.  An adt for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the common fields, mars.i, meadow, and waste lands, in the manor of Forebridgey and in the pari(li of CaJUe Chure., in the county of Stasso.dy and for embanking and draining part of the said common fields, marsh, meadow, and waste lands, and certain other low lands and grounds, in the said parish of Casile.Chure.y and in the adjoining parishes, townships, and places, of Sow Saint PbomaSy, other wife Saint Thomas upon SoiVy Cotony Berhfwichy and Saint Mary in Stasso.dy in the said county of Stasso.d.

59.  An adt for building a new bridge over the river Chelmery or Blachvatery at Fulibri.gey in the town of Maldoity in the county of EJsex.

60.  An adt for establishing and well-governing the charitable institution, commonly calied.The Afylumy or house of refuge for the reception of orphan girls, the settlements of whole parents cannot be found ; and for incorporating the subs.nbers thereto, apd for the better empowering and enabling theuvto carry on their charitable and uses.l design..

61.  An adt for repealing two acts, one made in the twenty-sixth.year of the reign of King George the Second, and the other in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Half way House, in the parish of

b 3  Lower

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Lower Compton, in the county of Dorfet, through the town of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the east end of the town of Axmins.er, in the county of Devon, and several other roads therein mentioned ; and also, for repealing fo much of aft, made in the eighteenth ye^r of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leacting.from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerse., as relates to repairing the road from the direction post in Wideo.he Moor, through Street AJh Lane, to Chard, and for making more efreftual provision for those pur-poses, and for altering and diverting certain parts of the laid roads.

62.  An act for reviving, continuing, and amending, an aft, passed in the sixteenth year of the,reign of bis present Majesty, for repairing the road from -Elfdon High Cross, near the town of Eljdon, in the county of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

63.  An 2ft for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an aft, palied.in the twenty-firs. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leacting.from the port of Borrowjlounnef, by the weft of the borough of Linlithgow, and by the towns o { Torphichen Batligate, anti White burn, and from thence southward to the confines of the county of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouse.urn..

64.  An act to continue for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parhame.t, the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two afts, passed in the thirty-third year,of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the bars at Houghton, within the liberties of the city of , Chester, to Whitchure., and from thence to Newport in the county of Salop, and several other roads therein mentioned, fo far as the laid afts relate to the road leacting.from Newport aforesaid to the village or place calied. Weljh Harp, in the town ft ip of Stonnail, in the county of Stasso.d, being the third district of the said roads.

■ 65. An for aft more esse.tuaily repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the roads therein mentioned, leacting.from the town of Leomins.r, in the county of Hereford.

66.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the .end of the then next fefiion of parhame.t, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two adds, palied.in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, fo far as the said afts relate to the road leacting.from the tow n of Ruthin, in the county of Denbigh, to the town of Mold, in the county of Flint.

67.  An act for continuing* for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parhame.t, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of several afts, passed for -' amending the highway between Hocklisse.and Woburn, in the

(Public Local & Perfonal) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

county of Bedford, and for repairing the road leacting.through Woburn to Ti'ckford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

68.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to' the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, pa fled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his Jate majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening the roads leacting.from the Ryeway, in the parish of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Prejhigne, in the county of Radnor, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the said county of Radnor, and in the counties of Hereford and Salop,

69.  An act for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made jn the seventeenth year of his present Majesty *s reign, for amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of War-minster, in the county of Wilts, to a place where the roads to Bath and Brijiol divide, and from the town of Frame to the town of Beeking.on, in the county of Somerse., and other roads therein mentioned.

70.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the Sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leacting.from the call: fide of Lincoln Heath to the city of Peterborough, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Northampton and Lincoln.

71.  An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, ■ pa fled in the twenty-iixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leacting.from the town of Bewdley, in the county of Worcejier; to the several places therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcejier and 4 Salop, respectively,

72.  An aft to continue for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, pa fled in the thirtieth

, year of the reign'of his late majesty King George, the Second, and in the fist. year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leacting.from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall and over fames Deeping Stone Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Max-ey Out gang, in the county of Northampton, adjoining to the high road there,

73.  An act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping jn repair, the road leacting.out of the common highway from Wigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the northerly end of the Southe..y Platt Bridge in Ince in Machrfeld, by Ramferhng, mto

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the turnpike road from Wigan to Afnton, in Ajhton in Mackerfield* in the county palatine of Laneafie..

74.  An act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leacting.from the south end of the Moor Lane\ in the township of Great Bolton, into the turnpike road from Manchest.r to Wigan, near Weft bought on Chapel, in the county palatine of Laneasie.,

75.  An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, passed in the thirty-firs. year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to fitch of the roa|s from Tethur., and other places, in the county of Gloue.ster, as are comprized in the said last mentioned aft, and for amending and repairing certain other roads in and through the parish of Horfiey, and near Tethur. aforesaid, in the laid county of Gloue.ster.

76.  An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, palied.in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for amending the road from the nine mile stone on the Bristol.road, at or near a place calied.The Clay Pits, to or near the chapel at Stone, and also the roads to or near Berkeley, Durfiey, Wat ton-under-Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and lever.l other roads in the counties of Gloue.ster and Wilts, except lo far as the said aft relates to the roads to or near Sodbury aforesaid.

77.  An aft to empower the guardians of the mod noble Henry duke of Nevjcastle, an infant, to grant leases of certain parts of bis estates in the county of Nottingham.

78.  An act for veiling certain detached parts of the estates deviled by the will of Michael Hicks esquire, in the counties of Efsex, Nurfolk, Suffolk, and Gloue.ster, and in London, in trustees, for carrying into execution certain agreements for sale of parts thereof, and to fell the other parts thereof, and to apply the money arising from such Tales in the pure.ase of other estates in the said county of Gloue.ster, to be sett.ed to the fame uses.

79.  An act for veiling the estates of Penyfion Portlock Powney esquire, deceased, situate in the county of Berks, in trustees, to be fold, for paying incumbrances and debts, and for laying out the surplus under the directions of the court of chaneery.in the pure.ase of other estates, to be conveyed to the trustees of the will cf rhe said Penyfion Portlock Poivney, in lieu thereof.

80.  An act for esse.ting an exchange between the dean and chapter of the cathedral chure. of the Holy Trinity of Chichefier, ana the right honourable James lord Selsie., and the honourable John Peachey, of certain melTuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Siffx.

81.  An act for more eftcftually veiling and facilitating the railing of a sum of ten thousand pounds, which, by the settlement of the family, estates of the right honourable George Augujlus earl of Guildford, was provided for the portions of his younger children, in and for the benefit of the honourable lady Maria North,

(thi

(Public Locals Personal) 39 6? 40 GEO. III.

(the only child of the said earl by the right honourable Mariq Icountess.oi Guilford, his late wife), if she ihali live to attain the jage of twenty-one years, or to be married,

82.  An ad for veiling part of the eft.ites devised by the will of Triftram Huddlejlone flervoise.esquire, in trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the money to arile theres.om, under the direction of the court of chaneery, in the pure.ase of other ertates to be sett.ed in lieu thereof, and to the fame use..

83.  An ad for inverting part of the personal ertate of Robert Child esquire, deceased, in the pure.ase of an ertate, situate near Ofterley Park, in the county of Middlesex, to be sett.ed upon the trusts, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

84.  An ad for verting the sett.ed ertates of fir Clement Cottrell Dormer, which were deviled by the will of Wiilia. Philipps Lee esquire, in trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arising thereby in the pure.ase of other ertates, to be sett.ed in lieu thereof, and to the fame uses, and for other purposes.

85.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons and warte lands, within the parish of Llans.rogy in thq county of Denbigh,

86.  An ad for dividing, ^Hotting, and inclosing, the open common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and warte lands, within the parish of Walton upon "Thames, and the manor of Walton Leigh, in the county of Surrey.

87.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open common fields, meadows and partures, commons and warte lands, in the parishes of Byfleet and Weybridge, and manor of Byfleetf with its members, in the county of Surrey.

88.  An ad for extending the royalty of the city of Glafgow over certain adjacent lands; for paving, lighting, and cleansing the streets, for regulating the police, and appointing officers and watclimen; for dividing the city into wards, and appointing comshirt.oners; and for railing funds, and giving certain powers to the magistrates and couneil, and town and dean of giiild courts, for the above and other purposes.

89.  An ad to empower the governor and company of the bank of England to pure.ase certain houses and ground contiguous to the bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain avenues adjacent thereto.

90.  An ad to explain, amend, and render more esse.tual, two ads, made in the thirty-firrt year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for draining 2nd preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the Ifte of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall rivers, and bounded on the south.east.by the hard lands of Ifleham, Fordham, Soham% and IVicken*, and for empowering the governor, bailiss., and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, calied.Bedford Level, to fell certain lands within the laid limits, commonly calied.Invested.Lands; and for laying certain

A TABLE of the STATUTES

tain rates on vessels navigated upop the said rivers, towards sup.porting the banks thereof.

91.  An ad for better draining and preserving the lands and grounds in the fourth district of the north level, part of the great level of the fens calied.Bedford Levels and for amending and rendering more esse.tual an ad, passed in the twenty-seven.h year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, fo far as relates to the said fourth dist.id.

92.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, certain waste lands, in the manor of Wortken, and the manors or town-ftsips.of Aft on Bigot and Aft on Rogers, in the parish of Worthen, in the county of Salop, and for draining, and otherwise improving, certain inclosed lands adjoining or near a certain riyule. or brook calied.The Rea, commencing at or near a certain piece of water calied.Marion Pool, on the confines of the parish of Ckir-hury, and extending through the said parijfh oBWorthen^ to a bridge across the said river, calied.Horfe Bridge, on the confines of the parish of Weft bury, in the said county, and sundry streams or brooks erpptying themselyes.thereinto.

93.  An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next section of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad, palied.in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for more esse.tually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leacting.from the market house, in the town of Kidderminster, in the county of Weroes.er, and several oth£r roads therein mentioned,

94.  An ad for enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an ad, passed in the thirty-fourth year of his present MajestyV reign, for repairing several roads leacting.nto the city of Glafgow, as relates to the road from Park-house, to or near the three mile house, in the county of Lanark.

95.  An ad for more esse.tually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several roads leacting.from the Hun-dred House, in the county of Woroes.e.^ andalso.several other roads therein mentioned.

96.  An ad for enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair, the road from a certain'bridge over a brook or stream calied.Sudbrook, near the city of Gloue.ste.^ to the nine mile stone on the Bristol.road, at or near a place calied.The Clay Pitts, in the county of Gloue.ste..

97.  An ad for enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the city of Gloue.ste. to the town of Stroud, in the county of Gloue.ste..

98.  An ad for veiling part of the sett.ed estates devised by the Vvill of fir Patrick Blake baronet, deceased, firuate and being in the counties of    Middlesexand Suffolk^ in trustees, to be fold for payment of incumbrances asse.ting the fame estates, under the

direct.on

(Public Local & Perfonal) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

,direction of the court of chaneery, and for laying out the surplus of the pure.ase money in other estates, upon the trulls and for the purposes therein expresse.t.

99.  An aCT for veiling part of the estates devised by the will of fir Richard Hotha?n knight, deceased, in trustees, to be fold, for payment of incumbrances, and for laying out the surplus monies in other estates, to be sett.ed in lieu thereof, and to the fame uses.

100.  An act for file of certain edates in the pari (Ties of Clay-pole, Great Ponton, and Kirton, in the county of Lincoln, devised by the will of the reverend Wiilia. .Rastall, doCtor in divinity, and for laying out the money arifipg, by foie thereof in the pure.ase of other edates, to be sett.ed to the fame uses, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

101.  An act for enabling the tenants for life, under the will of the hie Wiilia. Wright esquire, to convey in fee, or grant leases for long terms of years, for the purpose of building, of part of the edates devised by the said will, inthe counties palatine of Cheste. and Lancaster.

102.  An act to enable dr George Pigot baronet, Margaret Fifber, and Francis Pigot, to dispose of a certain diamond therein mentioned by a lottery.

103.  An act for enabling the mod noble Charles duke of Riclimon., and the duke of Riclimon. for the time being, to charge with jointures the annuity of nineteen thousand pounds, (payable out of the consol.d'ated fund, in lieu of the coal duty granted by King Charles the Second to Charles fTrft duke of Riclimon., and the heirs of his body), and the docks on transfer of which the said annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the sale of part of the said docks, and inverting the money arising from any such sale in the pure.ase of manors, lands, and hereditaments, and for other purposes.

104.  An act.o explain, amend, and render more esse.tual, an act, pa .Ted in the third year of the reign of King James theFirst, intituled. An att for the recoverings. all debts, and for the relieying.of poor debtors, in London, and an a&, parted in the fourteenth year of the reign of his lare majedy King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned net, and likewiie for extending the powers-of the court of requests in the city of Lon-don, in and by the said two several ails continued and established.

105.  An act ror raking down, and rebuilding upon a more enlarged seal., the chapel of Saint Mary, in the town of Caer-nary.ti.

106.  An act for ertablishin. a new chure. or chapel lately ereCted on the south fide of Hunter Street, within the town and paris.v of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

107.  An act for the appointment and regulation of pilots and hoblers for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port or harbour, and river, of Neath, in the county of Gla-tnorgan, for placing buoys upon the bar'of Neath, and the removal of obftruCtions in the said port or harbour, $nd river; for

A TABLE of the STATUTES

regulating the mooring of (hips and vefiels therein, and for the regulation of porters within the said port or harbour, and river and within the town of Neath.

108.  An ad for altering and amending an ad, made in the thirty-fist. year of his present: Majesty’s reign, intituled, An a PL for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town and county of the town of Southampton, to the city of New Sarum, in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam, within the liberties of the town ^/Southampton.

109* An ad for enabling the Horne.st.e navigation company to raise a further sum of money to complete the said navigation, and for amending an ad, passed in the thirty-second.year of the rergn of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said navigation.

no. An ad for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of then next session of parhame.t, the term, and enlarging the powers of two ads, palied.in the twenty-fe-venth year of the reign of his late majesty King G&orgethe Second, and the fist. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Ratcliss.Highway, through Cannon Street, in the county of Middlesex. into the road leacting.into the county of EJJex, and also from the weft end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shad-well Street into the Back Lane, of the said county of Mtddlesex.

in. An ad for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of p^rharp.nt, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, palied.for repairing, amending, and widening, the road from Keighley in the weft riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of IVeftmorlandy fo far as the fame relate to that part ©f the said road which lies within the counties of IVeftmorland and Lane after.

112.  An ad for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parhame.t, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, palied.in the twenty-eighth yeai\of the reign of his late majesty King Goorge the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of Surrey, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill> to Povcy Cross, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the fame county.

113.  An ad for veiling part of the sett.ed estates of the most honourable Arthur marquis of Downshire, in the kingdom of Ireland^ and earl of Hills.orough, in the kingdorn of England, in trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arising thereby in the pure.ase of other estates, to be sett.ed in lieu thereof, and to the fame uses, and for other purposes.

114.  An ad for the partition of divers, estates of the late fir Humphrey Brigges baronet, in which the right honourable Richard, vi(count Fitzwiilia., in the kingdom of Ireland, the reverend Richard Huntley, and George Brooke esquire, have undivided share..

(Private) 39  40 GEO. III.

115. An a£l for confirming a partition made of the estates ©f I the late Hurnprey Pitt esquire, and certain powers of sale, men-wj tioned in the partition deeds.

1|  116. An a£f for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons ^

|Jt and wade lands in the parish of Yfceifiog, in the county of Flintr p' and in the parish of Nannereh, in the county of Flint and Den-1 high. ,  .  *

ip 117. An aeft for enabling trustees to enfranchise copyhold §1 mefTuages or teneihents in the manor of Brigbthe.mjlon, in the p" county of Suflex> and to grant leases of certain other tenements within the said manor, devised by the will of the late Charles Scras. esquire, decease..

118,  An a£t for draining, embanking, and preserving divers tracts of land within the township of Miijlon, in the parish of Hunmanby, and also within sundry other parities, townlhips, or places adjoining or near to the rivers Derwent and Harford, in the east and north ridings of the county of York.

119.  An a£f for esse.ftuating a partition or division of certain freehold and copyhold, or customary, mefTuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Worcejler, heretofore the estates of Holland Cookfcy esquire, deceased, and for substituting Thomas Bird gentleman, to be a trustee in the place of Wiilia. Doivdef-zvell esquire, now in parts beyond the sea, for all the purposes for which the said Wiilia. Dowdeswell, jointly with Thomas Blaney gentleman, is a trustee of one undivided fist. part of the said freehold and copyhold, or customary, mefTuages, lands, and hereditaments.

126. An a£f for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons, waste lands, and marthes, in the parish of Wbits.rd\ in the county of Flinty and for fencing the said marshe..

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. A N a£t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Tilbrooke, in the county of Bedford.

2.  An a6t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Iflip, in the county of Northampton.

3.  An a<5l for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the parish of Salbouse. in the county of Norfolk.

4.  An a£t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Langley, in the county of Norfolk,

5.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the common fields, half year or fhack lands, warren commons, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Caivjlon, in the county of Norfolk.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

6.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the moor* commons, and waste lands, lying wrhin the manor and parish of Loeking, iO' the county of Somerse..

7.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Bythorn, in the county of Huntingdon.

8.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Thorpe, next Norwich^ in the county of Norfolk, and in the.county of the city of Norwich.

9.  An ad for inclosing, dividing, and ailot.ing,.two certain tracts of land, now held and used as feinted common of passure, within the parish of Snettijhom, in the county of Norfolk.

10.  Art ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common arable meadow, ley passure, and waste lands, within the parish of JVendlshury, in the county of Oxford.

11.  An ad for separating the commons or waste grounds of the manor of Baft Horfeley, in the county of Survey, which lie in the several parishes of East Horfele'y and Ockham, within the said manor, and for settling the rights of common thereon.

12.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and incloTing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, lying within the parish of Bloxbam, in the county of Oxford.

13.  An ad for dividing and inclosing several open fields and commons or wafie grounds, within the parish of Martin with Gracto., in the county of York.

14.  An ad. for dividing, ailot.ing, inclosing, the commons and wafie lands, within the paristi.of Burlife.mbe, in the county of Devon.

15.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the several pareels.of common, moor, and waste grounds, within the manor of Skeiman.hcrpe, in the weft riding of the county of York.

16.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, regulating, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the paristi.of Normanton upon Trent, in tfie county of Nottingham.

17.  An ad for veiling in Hcneage Legge and Wiilia. Sheldon esquires, divers freehold lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, in the county of Surrey, late the estate of Sarah Weft widow, and conveyed by her to fofeph Martin esquire, and Beriah Hills gentleman, by indentures of lease and release, bearing date respectively the twentieth and twenry-firs. days of March one thousand seven hundred and seven.y-four, upon several trusts, and for enabling the said Hernage Legge and Wiilia. Sheldon to execute such of the fame trusts as are now fuhfist.ng.

18.  An ad for uniting the north mediety of the rector. of Lever ton, in the county of Lincoln, with the south mediety of the fame rectory, from and after the next avoidane. of either benefice.

j9. An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, inclosing, and laying in

several.y.

(Private) 39 &? 40 GEO. III.

severalty, the common and open fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Milton, in the county of Cambridge,

20.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, the common or waste ground calied.Afhby JVoulds, in the manor and parish of Afoby-de-la-Zoueh^ in the county of Leicejler.

21.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, certain commons and waste lands, in the parishes of Stoke~upon-Terny and Hinjlcek, i-n the county of Salop,

22.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, the open common field, or mesne inclosure, commons, moors, and waste grounds, within the manor of 'Denby, otherwise Denby with Clayton Wejl, in the weft riding of the county of York,

23.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable land and waste grounds, within the parish of Over and Nether Dean, in the county of Bedford,

24.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, and common meadows, within such part of the parish of Welford as is within the county of Gloue.ster,

25.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, a common calied.Yansi.ld Moor^ /m the parish of Chejler-le-Street, in the county of Durham.

26.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, arnd inciosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Far?ulijk> in the counties of Bedford and North-amptonj or one of them.

27.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Ryhall with Belmefthorpe, othmvise.Belminst.orp£, in the county of Rutland,

28.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, the whole year lands, open fields, commons, commonable wood grounds* and other commonable and waste lands, within the paristi.of Ovington, in the county of Norfolk,

29.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Barnack with Pilfgate, in the county of Northampton,

30.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inciosing, the open fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the town-ship. of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the paristi.of Alney in the north riding of the county of York,

31.  An aft to dist.lve the marriage of Edward Henry Columbine esquire, with Anna Maria Starr, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

32.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and laying in severalty, the open and common lands and grounds, within the parish of Shalbourn, in the counties of Wilts and Berks,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

33.  An a6l for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the com-

then. and waste grounds, in the parishes of Eafi 'Poringland^ TVefl Por\ngland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pigot, Bixley* Armeringhatl, 67^ ATa/y Cross, and Gaijler Saint Edmundfin the county of Norfolk ; and for making a compensation for the tythes arising in the said parishes of  Poringland\  Framingham Earlf

and Bixley•

34.  An a£l for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open fie his, meadows, p allures, moors* carrs, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the parish of Wrawhy-cum-Brigg^ in the county of Lincoln.

35.  An a61 for dividing and inclosing the commons, fen grounds, and wade lands, within the parish of Brooke, in the county of Norfolk.

36.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fk-lds, common meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Newton Bromjhold, in the county of North* ampten, and also such of the open fields, and other commonable land ., within the parish of Higha?n Ferrers, in the said county of Northampton^ as are calied.or known by the names of The Buscot.s and No Mans Leys.

37» An a61 for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, passures, and wade grounds, in the lordship of Baffolm, in the county of Lincoln,

38.  An acl for dividing, inclosing, and improving the several open arable fields, ings, passures, commons, and waste grounds, within the towns.hip of JVomerJley^ in the weft riding of the county of York.

39.  An a61 for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, certain open and common fields and waste lands, within the parish of Saint John Hertford, and the liberty of Brickendon, in the parish of All Saints Hertford, in the county of Hertford.

40.  An a6t for veiling the 'manor of Moreton, and divers mef-fuages, lands, and hereditaments in Moreton in the county of Stasso.d, deviled by the will of fir Wiilia. Wolfeley baronet, de-ceased, in trustees, to be fold, and for the applie.tion of the money to arise from such sale, and for other purposes.

41.  An a6t for veiling part of the sett.ed estates of Richard Wood esquire, in trustees, to be fold, and for laying out the monies in the pure.ase of other estates, to be sett.ed in lieu thereof, to the fame uses, and for other purposes.

42.  An a6t for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the commons and wade grounds within the parish of Little Plumscad.in the county of Norfolk.

43.  An a61 for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the open fields and waste ground within the township of Holmpton, in the parishes of Holmpton and Hollym cum Withernsea, in Holdernefs> in the eafi riding of the county of York.

44.  An a6t for dividing and inclosing the open common fields,

meadows, and wade hnds in the parish of Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.  N

(Private) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

45.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the feveras.open fields, meadows, commons, and wasses, in the_ vills or hamlets of High Egbrongh, Low Egbrough, Sherwood, Hutgreen, and Tranmoor, in the parish of Kelluigton, in the weft riding of the county of I'V/f.

46.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the open common fields, ings, marshes, common, commonable lands, and wade grounds, within the manor and township of Carhoti.in the parish of Smith, and the manor and township of Camblef-forth, in the parish of Drax, in the weft riding of the county of York.

47.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the commons and wafts grounds within the parish of Sprowjlon in the county of Norfolk.

48.  An ad for dividing and inclosing Nomads Moor, other-wife Norman's Moor, within the north riding of tiie county of York.

. 49. An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the manor and township of Thurjlpn-land, in the parish of Kirkburtony in the weft riding of the county of York.

50.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the open and common fields, common downs, commons, and waste lands in the parish of TVinterborne Stickland, in the county of Dorfety and for extinguishing the tithes in the fame parish.

51.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, and pastures,, and other commonable lands and grounds, and also the waste lands and grounds, within the several parish.s of Hanworthy Felthatny and Sunbury, in the county of Middlesex.

52.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, inclosing, and improving, the open arable fields, stinted pastures, common pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the township of I\earbyy other-wife Kirkby, otherwise Kirby-cum-Nether by, in the parish of Kirk-by-Overblow, in the weft riding of the county of York.

53.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the several commons and waste lands in the manors and townihips of Hale and Halewood, in the parish o{ Childwally in the county palatine of Lancast.r.

54.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the open fields, pastures, wactes, and other unine.osed lands and grounds, in the parish of Braceboroughy in the county of Lincoln, and for making compensation for the tithes within the fame parish.

55.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the open common fields, lammas lands, commons, heaths, moors, and waste lands, within the parish of Ivery in the county of Bueking.ham.

56.  An ad to enable fujlinian Kerry esquire, and his isti.e, to take the surname and arms of Ekins only, pursuant to the will of fnjlinian Ekins esquire, decease..

57.  An ad to enable the trust.ees therein named, to repair the

Vol. XLII.  c  pew

A TABLE of the STATUTES

new bridge over the river Avon, from the city of Bath) to the manor of Batbwick, and to raise a sufficient sum for that purpose by a charge on the trust estates of the late general Pulteney, or to apply in that manner certain sums which may be payable to the said trust estates from the company of proprietors of the Kennet and Avon canal navigation.

58.  An ad for empowering the judges of the court of session in Scotland to fell such part or parts of the entailed estate of Blairball and others, in the counties of Fife and Perth, belonging to mistress Ann Ranaids.n Dickfon, wife of James Ranaldfon Dickfon, of Blairhal^ esquire, as (hall be sufficient for payment of the debts and provisions to younger children asse.ting the' fame,

59.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing the open fields, and other commonable lands, in the parishes of Exton and Cottefmore with Barrow, in the county of Rutland, and for extinguishing the tithes in those parishe..

60.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing certain heath lands, and open and common fields, common pastures, and commonable lands, within the parish of Cajp.ngton, in the county of Oxford, and in the hamlet of Wort on, otherwise Work-ton, within the said parish.

61.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open meadows, commonable, lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of South Hykeham, in the county of Lincoln, and for making com-pensa.ion to the rector of South Hykeham aforesaid, in lieu of the tithes of all the titheable lands within the fame parish.

62.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, wactes, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Guilden Morden, in the county of Cambridge.

63.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the several open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, and a trad of heath land, within the parish of Ensham, in the county of Oxford.

64.  An ad for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parish of Holywell zqith Needingworth, in the county of Huntingdon.

65.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the half year or (hack lands, warrens, commons, heaths, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parishes of Horsford,, Horsham.Saint Faith'S) and hamlet of Newton Saint Faith'in the county of Norfolk.

66.  An ad for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parish of Elfworth, in the county of Cambridge.

67.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons, moors, and waste grounds, within the township of Ing-hure.worth, in the parish of Penijhne, in the weft riding of the county .of York.

( Private)39 40 GEO. III.

68.  An act for confirming and estab.ifhing.the division and inclosure of a certain common, or pareel.of waste land, calied.Seifton Fores., otherwise The Long Forejl, within the townships of Seifton, Bache, and Norton, in theparish.of Culmington, in the county of Salop, and certain exchanges of lands and estates within the said parish.

69.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open fields, meadows, pastures, commonable and waste lands, within the parish of JVyfall, in the,county of Nottingham.

70.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, certain common fields and waste lands, within or adjoining the parish of Saint Mary, in Stasso.d, in the county of Stasso.d.

71.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open fields, meadow, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Ordfall, in the county of Nottingham.

72.  An ad for naturalizing Alexander "John Gaspar. Marcet.

73.  An ad for the sale of the George inn, in the town of Northampton, vested in trustees for charitable purposes under the will o (John Driden esquire, deceased, and for inverting the money arising from the sale thereof in the pure.ase of three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities, until a proper pure.ase can be found, and in the mean time for applying the dividends and annual produce thereof for the fame charitable purposes.

74.  An ad to give to trustees powers of sale, exchange, and partition, over such of the (hares of estates comprized in the marriage settlement cf Wiilia. Barhor esquire, as are situate in the county of Somerse., and to lay out the money arising by such sale in the pure.ase of estates, to be situate in the county of Devon, and to give a power of changing and appointing new trustees of the estates fo to be fold.

75.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds, within she parish of Rocejler, and in the township of Denflon, within the parishes of Rocejler aforesaid,-and Alveton, in the county of Stasso.d.

76.  An ad for exchanging, ailot.ing, improving, and inclosing, certain open and commonable arable lands, within the parish of Huntspill. in the county of Somerse., and for dividing, ailot.ing, inclosing, and improving, a certain open and commonable pasture, calied.Stert Common, situate in the parish of Huntspill.aforesaid, and in the parishes of Cannington, Stockland BriJrolJ and Stogurfey, in the said county of Somerse..

77.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the. open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Con* nington, in the county of Cambridge.

78.  An ad for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common or commonable meadows, pastures, lands, and grounds, and waste lands, in the parish of Wait chure., in the county of Oxford.

79.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the common, common fields, common marshes, and waste land, within the parish of Edmonton, in the county of MiddUsex, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

80.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable and waste lands, within the manor or tithing of Cbirton, other wife Cherrington, in the county of Wilts;

81.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and. inclosing, the several open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the several manors or townships of Hunmanby and Fordon, in the parish of Humnanby, in the east riding of the county of York, and for making compensation in lieu of tithe arising in, over, or upon,, the fame, and in, over, and upon, certain ancient inclosed lands in the fame townships,

82.  An act for naturalizing Frederick JViUiam IVijlenhouse..

83.  An act for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicolay.

84.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, laying in severalty, and in-cloling, the open and common arable lands, common meadow, common pasture, waste and down ground, within the parish or township of Sparjbolt, in the county of Berks, and within the hamlet of Wejlcote, in the fame parish and county.

85.  An act for dividing, ailot.ing, and inclosing, the heaths and commons, and for exonerating, from common right, the half year lands and lammas lands, within the manors of Dedham Flall.and Overhail and Netherhall, in the parish of Dedham, in the county of EJJex.

86.  An act for naturalizing Francis Julius Mtcheli•

87.  An act for naturalizing John Tulliken.

88.  An act for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boubee de Brouquens, an infant.

89.  An act for naturalizing Johan Gothe. Lebree.t Sultzbergen.

90.  An act for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammont ValUttey widow.

THE I

